Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s top infectious disease expert, is hailing new data on Moderna’s COVID-19 vaccine candidate as “striking” and “quite impressive.” Moderna revealed on Monday that preliminary phase-three data on its coronavirus vaccine suggested that it’s 94.5 percent effective. This is a far better efficacy rate than experts had been anticipating in a vaccine against COVID-19, and it comes after Pfizer recently said its COVID-19 vaccine candidate also appears to be more than 90 percent effective. “These are obviously very exciting results,” Fauci told CNN on Monday. “It’s just as good as it gets — 94.5 percent is truly outstanding.” Fauci, who previously said he would “settle” for a COVID-19 vaccine that’s around 70 percent effective, also told NBC’s Today the data is “quite impressive,” adding that after last week’s news from Pfizer, “Now we have two vaccines that are really quite effective, so I think this is a really strong step forward to where we want to be.” Both vaccines will need to receive approval from the Food and Drug Administration, but Fauci told Today he anticipates vaccine doses, hopefully “from both companies,” will start becoming available to high-risk individuals by the end of December. And asked whether several more COVID-19 vaccines from other companies could be on the way, Fauci said this is “quite conceivable” and that he has hope “that more than these two will also be effective.” theweek.com A US-developed vaccine has been shown to be 94.5% effective at protecting people from COVID-19, according to interim results. Produced by Moderna, in collaboration with the US government's "Operation Warp Speed", the vaccine has also been shown to last for up to 30 days in household fridges and at room… November 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, has announced that another COVID-19 vaccine has been made. Trump who took to Twitter said that Moderna made the vaccine. This comes days after Pfizer announced its own vaccine which has over 90 per cent effectiveness. Trump tweeted: “Another Vaccine just… November 16, 2020 In "Health" The company leading the race to develop a coronavirus vaccine announced “positive” early findings on Monday, with participants producing antibodies to ward off the disease, NY Post has reported. The company, Biotech company Moderna Inc. dosed 45 patients between the ages of 18 and 55 with 25, 100 or 250… May 18, 2020 In "News"