Cristiano Ronaldo has equalled Lionel Messi’s record for the most home goals scored in UEFA Champions League history. Ronaldo found his name on the score sheet once again on Tuesday evening when he opened the scoring in Juventus’ 2-1 Champions League Group G win over Hungarian side Ferencvaros. In doing so, the Portuguese superstar extended his overall record in the competition to 132 goals (including qualifying) across spells with Manchester United, Real Madrid and the Bianconeri. Of that tally, 70 of his goals have now been scored in home matches which sees the 35-year-old draw level with long-time rival Lionel Messi for the most home goals in the competition’s history. Messi has netted all 70 of his strikes at FC Barcelona’s famed Nou Camp arena, whereas Ronaldo’s tally is spread across matches at Old Trafford, the Santiago Bernabeu and the Allianz Stadium. With Juve and Barca having secured their progression to the Round of 16 of this season’s competition, it is likely that both stars will expand on the current record in the coming months. The Nation The Portugal International and Real Madrid attacker, Cristiano Ronaldo has been crowned the 2014 Fifa Ballon d'Or ahead of Barcelona forward Lionel Messi and Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, scooping up the prestigious individual award for the third time in his career. Ronaldo who enjoyed a very successful 2014, guiding… January 12, 2015 In "Sports" Abuja  -   Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo is not happy at being accused of tax fraud and wants to leave the club, a source close to the player said on Friday. Spanish prosecutors have accused the 32-year-old Ronaldo of defrauding the authorities of millions of euros in tax. Though… June 16, 2017 In "Sports" Between them Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have monopolised the past six world player of the year awards. But each have attended the last two World Cups and failed to even get near the trophy. Messi has scored just one goal at the finals, Ronaldo only two. Now though the… June 13, 2014 In "Sports"