Police Arrest Pregnant Woman Caught With Fake Currency In JigawaChannels TelevisionUpdated November 18, 2020 The Police in Jigawa State have arrested a pregnant woman who was said to be in possession of 100 pieces of fake N1,000 notes and 76 pieces of fake N500 notes in Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of the state. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, SP Abdu Jinjiri, who confirmed this to Channels Television said the woman was arrested after buying a body lotion of N300 from market. According to him, the woman named Ruqayya Rabi’u who is 40-years-old is from Bichi Local Government area of Kano State. “After the recovery of the fake notes, she confessed that the money was given to her by one Ladidi in Bichi LGA whose address is not known to her. And the said Ladidi asked her to go to B/kudu and buy grains with the money so that they will share the dividends,” Jinjiri said. “The arrested woman further confessed that she was fully aware that the money was fake, however, she needs money as her husband has abandoned her with three children for the past six months and left to unknown destination,” he added. The PPRO says the case is now being investigated and efforts are being intensified to arrest the remaining suspect. Channels TV UYO - The Police in Akwa Ibom State have arrested Miss Patience Aaron of Afaha Abia village, Nsit Ibom Local Government Area, for allegedly burying her day-old baby alive. Briefing newsmen in Uyo, the Commissioner of Police, Gabriel Achong, said the baby, who was buried in a shallow grave, was… September 25, 2014 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse -   The Police in Jigawa have recovered the corpse of a 20-year-old housewife near a bush in Dutse Local Government Area of the state. The Police Spokesman in the state, SP Abdu Jinjiri, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… June 26, 2018 In "Metro" Police in Jigawa State have arrested an 18 year-old lady, Hauwa Sani for allegedly killing and burying own newborn baby at Dabi village in Ringim Local Government Area. Spokesman of the command SP Abdu Jinjiri confirmed the incident to DAILY POST in Dutse. He said the arrest was made after… February 10, 2020 In "Metro"