 Senator Kabiru Marafa who represented Zamfara Central in the Senate has accused the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) of lying over the lingering crisis rocking the Zamfara state chapter of the party.  Marafa who noted that the Yobe State governor did not get it right and was not not saying the truth by saying that the Zamfara APC crisis has been resolved, said that it was not yet Uhuru with regard to the party and its political quargmire. He has however warned the Governor Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee of the APC not to destroy the party. The Committee had at the end of its meeting on Tuesday, claimed that the crises in the Bauchi, Bayelsa, Cross River, Edo, Ekiti, Enugu, Zamfara, Ondo and Oyo State chapters of the party, have been resolved. Marafa, a governorship aspirant of the party in the 2019 election, said that the committee has not done anything since its inception to resolve the crisis in its Zamfara State chapter. Marafa who said the two factions of the party in Zamfara State are still existing and operating parallel secretariats in Gusau, the state capital and across the 14 local government areas of the state, said; “this ungodly claim by the committee would only worsen the crisis of the party in the state”. Marafa who is the factional leader of the APC in Zamfara State who reiterated the commitment of his camp to fight for its rights and the rights of average Zamfara APC members, said, “With this statement, the committee has deflated the trust and confidence reposed in it, by misleading the public with the claim that it has resolved the crises in the states mentioned. The committee has lost its integrity and its members should therefore resign or be sacked. “This is nothing but a wicked lie. I pray that the committee is not on a mission to destroy the party completely. “They have not done anything and have not contacted anybody; either by phone or letter, formally or informally. They are behaving as if Zamfara State does not exist and therefore doesn’t matter.” Vanguard  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Lawmaker representing Kaduna Central constituency, Senator Kabiru Marafa has reacted to the political impasse facing All Progressives Congress in the state, saying he does not care if the his party loses election in Zamafara state Senator Kabiru Marafa blamed his party for the… January 30, 2019 In "nigerian daily newspapers" Abuja - Sen. Kabiru Marafa, the Chairman, Senate Committee on Petroleum (Downstream), has expressed optimism that the changes in the leadership of the Senate Committees will inspire genuine reconciliation in the chamber. Marafa, a member of the Unity Forum in the senate, stated this on Friday in Abuja while answering… July 22, 2016 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Federal High court sitting in Abuja on Friday upheld the decision of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) not to accept the list of candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara state. Recall that the Crisis between supporters of governor of… January 25, 2019 In "Top Stories"