The Senate Committee on INEC has screened Professor Mahmood Yakubu following his nomination for appointment as chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The screening session took place on Thursday at the National Assembly complex in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). In his remarks, Professor Yakubu appealed to the National Assembly to pass the Amended Electoral Act Bill latest in the first quarter of 2021. He explained that passing the piece of legislation within the timeframe recommended was critical for the success of the 2023 general elections. The former INEC chief informed the lawmakers that the electoral body had submitted several areas for amendments in the Electoral Act. According to him, it is extremely important for the electoral legal framework to be finalised in due time as INEC cannot conduct elections under uncertainty.  Professor Yakubu stated that INEC would continue to deepen the use of technology for elections and explore other ways in which the electoral process could benefit from technology. He disclosed that the electoral umpire was working to ensure that materials needed for the elections were procured well ahead of time. The screening of the former INEC boss comes a day after members of the red chamber considered the request of President Muhammadu Buhari to confirm the reappointment of Professor Mahmood Yakubu as the chairman of the nation’s electoral umpire. They later referred the President’s request to the Senate Committee on INEC for further legislative action and asked the lawmakers to report back on Tuesday next week. The Presidency announced Professor Yakubu’s reappointment as INEC chairman for another five-year term on October 27. His reappointment is, however, subject to approval by the Senate. Following the completion of his first term, Professor Yakubu handed over the leadership of INEC to Air Vice Marshal Ahmed Muazu who has been acting as chairman of the commission since November 9. He was first appointed by President Buhari to oversee the activities of the electoral umpire in November 2015, six months after the Nigerian leader assumed office. Professor Yakubu, who took over from Professor Attahiru Jega, was first appointed into office by President Buhari in November 2015. Under him, INEC conducted many elections, including the 2019 polls which saw the President extending his stay in office for another four years. Channels TV The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has proposed the sum of N1billion each for the conduct of the forthcoming Anambra Governorship election and the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) respectively. The Chairman of the Commission, Professor Mahmood Yakubu gave this indication while defending the agency’s 2021 budget estimates before the Senate… November 4, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Monday presented a 2019 budget proposal of N45.4 billion, even as it said it will release the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the end of tenure of governorship elections in Bayelsa and Kogi states billed… April 8, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Special Adviser to former President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri has warned against alleged plan by President Muhammadu Buhari to sack the Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Prof Mahmud Yakubu, warning that he must not be replaced with Amina Zakari if he… February 18, 2019 In "News"