Former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, has said series of subterranean plots to pull down politically the ‘giant’ National Leader of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu by some politicians in the southwest will fail. Fayose said he would never associate nor join the group of rebels to destroy Tinubu because he had laboured for the nation through his focused leadership which stimulated the growth of Yoruba socio-political space through a number of leaders who are occupying vantage leadership positions across the country. The Peoples Democratic Party chieftain, who spoke at his Afao-Ekiti country home in Ekiti State, noted that some politicians Tinubu nurtured to political stardom are allegedly behind his travail on account of personal interest. He noted that Southwest people’swould resist any attempts by to ridicule Tinubu, whom he described as image of Yoruba nation, noting that any attack against the former Lagos State Governor is an attack on the entire Yoruba people. He stated that APC stalwart does not deserves to be crucified and humiliated by some his political mentees, saying he had sacrificed enormously to groom and raise them from political obscurity to limelight. Fayose said, the conspiracy against the ex-governor which was part of strategies to divide and create confusion among the Yoruba people would fail, urging the Yoruba sons and daughters to support and accord him the necessary regards. The former governor said he would never cease to raise his voice against people plotting Tinubu’s downfall, stressing that he had paid his dues which needed to be acknowledged by all and sundry. He clarified that though he was not holding brief for Tinubu, but stressed that people should learn to appreciate those who had done creditably well in nation-building despite political differences. “I am not championing the course of Tinubu, am not in the position to do that, but there is no denying the fact that Tinubu is a prominent Yoruba leader, whether in APC or in PDP. There is no gainsaying that fact. Fayose is a prominent son of Yoruba nation. Governors Nyesom Wike , Ifeanyi Okowa, Okezie Ikpeazu, are prominent sons of southern Nigeria. “What am I trying to say is that, we can’t hid their identities and goodwill for political reasons. We can’t deny their contributions. Other leaders from the North like Ahmadu Bello Sardauna, they made different impacts not necessarily like Awolowo. So, Tinubu has paid his dues. I have paid my dues, Okowa has paid his dues, Wike has paid his dues, we need to acknowledge them. “The late Balarabe Musa, who was a leader of note and repute, cannot be forgotten in history. For me, Tinubu, has paid his dues, I stand by that. I have not seen Tinubu after the Ekiti election by any means, we haven’t even met at a function or saw him passed. “President Muhammadu Buhari condoled with me on the death of my sister, does it mean we are on the same page politically? No. I will not sit down in any corner to shoot down Tinubu. I am not a member of APC and I will never be. But I supported Governor Fayemi to be governor by Tinubu’s influence at a time”. Fayose said in spite of the multifaceted crises in the PDP, that he won’t jump ship like some leaders of the party had done, saying: “if we are fighting in PDP, let us fight it inside PDP. People who have been jumping ship are armed robbers. They are being driven by greed and inordinate ambition. “These are indications of the type of leaders we have in our country who are without ideology. They go for only what they feel would benefit them. “Our politics is sick. Everything in Nigeria is currently sick and is a function of the leadership that we have have. Governor Umahi’s joining APC after benefiting several positions in PDP was unprincipled. We do not accept the excuses given by the governor. “I am not satisfied with some things in PDP, but, leaving the party does not equally solve the problems”, he saidFayose assured that all the raging crises between him and other leaders of the party in Ekiti and the Southwest region would be resolved in the overall interest of the PDP. “There is nothing to worry about. If Governor Seyi Makinde and I have issues ,Nigerians should not worry themselves about that, it is not personal. There is no regional government. Every power lies in the state. Structures in Ekiti, are different from structures in Oyo, structures in Oyo are different from structures in Lagos. “I was the one who went to flag off Governor Makinde campaign in Ogbomoso. Whether he is backing Senator Olujimi or not, the fact remains that the struggle for the control of party’s structures in Ekiti has come and gone, so why do we have to fight over spilled milk? “We won the congresses, but they are in court, if the court says it’s Olujimi that is right, we would follow her and if the court says she has no case, they should join us so that we can move the party forward. Let us pursue our interest legitimately in the manners that will create peace in the region,” he added. The Nation By Remi Koleoso Ado-Ekiti -  National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has appealed to the people of Ekiti to vote for the party in Saturday’s governorship election. According to him, the APC is the solution to four years of frustration, disappointment and poverty that… July 10, 2018 In "Politics" A chieftain of the Ekiti State chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Opeyemi Falegan has called on the immediate past governor of the state, Mr. Ayodele Fayose to stop making uncomplimentary remarks about ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo and other Yoruba leaders. Falegan, who was reacting to Fayose’s outburst against Obasanjo… August 10, 2020 In "News" The Southwest chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has been hit by crisis, following irreconcilable differences between its zonal leader, Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose. The bone of contention is the outcome of the Ekiti PDP parallel congresses, which produced two chairmen,… September 10, 2020 In "Politics"