There was a drama at the Kwannawa motor park in Dange-Shuni local government area of Sokoto State on Sunday as a commercial driver identified one of his abductors amongst his passengers. The driver (name withheld) was kidnapped along Kankara in Katsina state while returning from Kano about two months ago. Daily Trust learnt that the driver had spent three weeks in captivity before his release after the payment of an undisclosed amount of money as ransom. The suspect met his waterloo, when he boarded a vehicle going to Kano, unknown to him, it was the same vehicle ‘they blocked and kidnapped its driver.’ “The driver was quick to identify him because the incident happened not too long ago. “After identifying him, he alerted our leaders who in turn informed the nearest police outpost,” one of the NURTW members told Daily Trust. It was said that the leaders had changed the driver of the vehicle with another person after the car was loaded with passengers and the new driver started driving the car towards Shuni town. It was gathered that the car was blocked by the police who arrested the suspect and took him to their office. While being interrogated, he (the suspect) was said to have admitted belonging to a gang of kidnappers who fondly called him ‘Hadari’ and this was later corroborated by the driver when invited for questioning. “The police were surprised when the driver told them the name because he was not around during the interrogation,” our source added. It was said that the suspect was later transferred to the Sokoto State Police Command headquarters for further investigation. The spokesman of the Command, DSP Muhammad Sadiq while confirming the incident, said investigation was still ongoing. (Daily Trust) A seven-member notorious kidnapping gang have recounted how they killed an American Soldier in Okigwe area of Imo State in 2017. The deceased, a Nigerian who is serving in the US army, identified as Chuks Okebata was holidaying in Okigwe when he was abducted and killed. Two Ak-47 rifles and… April 13, 2019 In "Top Stories" At least 15 people were killed on Sunday and many others abducted when kidnappers blocked the Kaduna-Abuja expressway around 5 pm, witnesses said. The incident happened around Gidan Busa, a village not far away from Rijana, which is 133 kilometres to Abuja. It was gathered that nearly 20 vehicles were… November 16, 2020 In "News" By Hassan Ibrahim, Kaduna  Armed bandits have killed three persons and kidnapped dozens of people along the Kaduna-Abuja expressway in Kaduna.  A commercial driver plying the expressway, who escaped the attack Jibrin Adamu, told Daily Trust that the gunmen blocked a spot around Olam Farm Monday at 5:30p.m. where they killed three… August 28, 2019 In "Metro"