An Executive Order signed by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has prohibited hawking, trading and parking of vehicles close to the newly-inaugurated Rebisi Flyover in Port Harcourt. The governor said the order titled, Executive Order RVSG -23 2020 Pursuant to Sections 1,3 and 9 of the Rivers State Street Trading, Illegal Markets and Motor Parks (Prohibition) Law 2019, took effect from November 9, 2020. The order declared illegal all forms of street trading, operation of motor parks, markets, roadside vulcanizing and roadside mechanics on, under, or along Rebisi Flyover within 100 meters from the foot of the Rebisi Flyover on both sides on Aba Road, Port Harcourt.  The legal instrument prohibits trader or hawker from displaying any goods outside or in front of any building along or within 100 meters from the flyover. It said: “No landlord or caretaker of any building or premises shall permit, approve or encourage the display of goods outside or in front of any such building or premises along or within 100 meters from the foot of the Rebisi Flyover (on both sides ) on Aba Road, Port Harcourt . “Any landlord or caretaker of any building or premises who violates the provisions of paragraph 4 of this Order shall forfeit his building or premises to the Rivers State Government and same shall be acquired for overriding public purpose.” The Nation By Dianabasi Effiong Port Harcourt - Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers on Saturday led members of the State Task Force on Enforcement of the ban on Public and Religious Gatherings to ensure compliance to closure of markets. Wike, had through an Executive Order, declared that all markets in the State… March 28, 2020 In "News" Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers has signed an executive order to reinforce the ban on the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) and its activities in the State.   He made this known in a statement by Mr Kelvin Ebiri, Special Assistant (Media) to the Governor. Ebiri stated that the governor,… October 29, 2020 In "Politics" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has approved the employment of 5000 youths into the state’s civil service and ordered civil servants from grade one to 10 to resume work.   The governor also effected minor cabinet reshuffle during the state’s Executive Council meeting at the Government House, Port Harcourt, on… October 28, 2020 In "Politics"