Following the recent killing of Igbos in Rivers State, the Eastern Union (EU), a pressure group of the people of the Old Eastern Nigeria, has called on the Federal Government, Southern Governors and the Ohanaeze Ndigbo to call Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State to order. The EU, in a statement signed by its National President, Comrade Charles Anike, on Friday lamented the recent killing of several Igbos during a house-to-house ‘search’, allegedly ordered by Governor Wike against members of the proscribed Indiginous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) in the state. The group stated: “We are alarmed that this recent stand of the governor of Rivers State has led to house-to-house search and subsequent killings, arrests and harassment of young Igbo youths, particularly those from the South East extraction by the Nigerian Army and the Police in Rivers State following the instruction of the state governor.” Lamenting the intimidation of the people of South East extraction in recent times, EU stated that about 28 Igbo sons and daughters were killed in Rivers State in four days, while about 33 people were still missing, including women and children. It said that it was disheartening that with the slightest provocation and flimsy excuses, some people would find reasons to instigate the shedding and waste innocent Igbo blood. “The Eastern Union, therefore, frowns and condemns in strong terms this unwarranted victimisation of Ndigbo in Nigeria and this time by its own supposed leaders.” “We have also observed the heavy presence of the military in Anambra and Ebonyi states, respectively, at the request of the state governors. “It is shameful that most of our governors like those of Rivers, Ebonyi and Anambra states have resorted to the use of our peoples’ blood as their bargaining power for their 2023 presidential ambitions.” “This is the reason they do everything to please their political allies from other zones. Ndigbo have always been at the receiving end.” “Is it not enough that the Igbo is being threatened by the people from other ethnic groups, even in protests they did not start or spearhead?” EU asked. It added: “For Governor Wike to claim that the protest in Rivers State was hijacked by Ndigbo under the aegis of IPOB was just to give a dog a bad name in order to hang it. “The fact is that the #EndSARS protests were neither started, nor spearheaded by the Igbos, but by Nigerian youths from different tribe.” “The EU therefore calls on President Muhammadu Buhari to call the Army to order as regards the killings currently going on in Rivers State.” “We also call on all National Assembly members, especially those from South East and South South, to rise and condemn this unwarranted attack on the Igbos in Rivers State.” “We also call on the River State governor to retrace his feet and stop these acts of wickedness.” (Daily Independent) Wike declared a 24-hour curfew in Oyigbo on October 21 following the outbreak of violence spilling from the EndSARS protest which led to the killing of some members of the army and the police.   The governor, who blamed the unrest on members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra… November 2, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA - A group, the Igbo National Council (INC), has said said Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike's ambition to become a vice president in 2023 was responsible for the mayhem unleashed in Obigbo, Oyigbo Local Government Area of the state by soldiers of the Nigerian Army. The group has threatened… November 3, 2020 In "Top Stories" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike on Tuesday said two kingpins of the proscribed Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) involved in the killings of six soldiers and four policemen in Oyigbo, were arrested by security operatives. The governor insisted that the steps he took including imposition of curfew in Oyigbo Local… November 3, 2020 In "News"