Blessing Chitapa has been crowned as the winner of The Voice UK. The 18-year-old singer, who was born in Zimbabwe and moved to the UK aged seven, was named as the winner during Saturday’s episode of the ITV talent competition.  She saw off competition from Jonny Brooks, who was coached by Sir Tom Jones, in the final, theguardian.com, reports. Chitapa, who lives in Dudley in the West Midlands, sang Robbie Williams’ Angels and James Bay’s Hold Back The River in the final. The latter song was a duet with her mentor Olly Murs. A tearful Chitapa said she is “so happy to have sung on this stage”. “It has been an honour and my privilege and it has been unforgettable,” she added. After she sang Angels, Murs said, “You are just a phenomenal talent and even I am getting emotional here after that performance.” Earlier in the series, Murs became Chitapa’s mentor after he was the only judge to turn his chair during her audition. Chitapa said winning the competition “is my biggest achievement yet. I am so proud of how far I have come and I’m so intrigued to see what the future holds for me,” she said. Chitapa has recorded Angels as a single, which is available to download and stream. Filming of The Voice was paused earlier this year because of the coronavirus pandemic. The programme returned to television screens in October following a seven-month break. Chitapa was chosen as the victor by the programme’s virtual audience, who voted for her to win.  Source Abuja  - The M-Net African Magic, a TV entertainment channel on Saturday began its Abuja auditioning for its reality television singing show, “The Voice Nigeria.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that, ``The Voice Nigeria’’ is a reality television singing competition. The two-day auditioning which began on Jan. 16… January 16, 2016 In "Entertainment" Anike Lawal, a pregnant mum with one boisterous toddler could not find answers to her most pressing pregnancy and parenting questions. This influenced her decision to create Mamalette.com, a social networking platform that offers women on-the-go ante-natal and post-natal information. “From pre-pregnancy to parenthood, Mamalette.com provides mothers an opportunity to… September 20, 2014 In "Business" The current Miss Swimsuit UK has been stripped of her title after a post from her Facebook account said “All Lives Matter” and questioned if George Floyd was innocent. Jasmine Archer-Jones won the 2019/2020 title last September but it has now been handed over to the 2018 winner Kinna Louise… July 17, 2020 In "Foreign"