Mohammed Adamu, The Inspector General of Police has reportedly said the #EndSARS protest against police brutality in Nigeria was aimed at effecting a change of regime and also funded by forces within and outside the country.  According to a statement released by Kelvin Ebiri, the Special Assistant (Media) Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, the police chief made the claim when he spoke in Port Harcourt, during a meeting between the leaders of the South-south region and a delegation from Nigeria’s presidency on Tuesday, November 24. ”The Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, said fake news gave impetus to the nationwide EndSARS that culminated in the death of civilians, police personnel and their assets. Adamu alleged that intelligence has confirmed that the EndSARS protest was funded from within and outside the country. He further added that one of the primary objective of the protest was to effect a regime change.”the statement reads in part On October 8, Nigerian youths took to the streets to protest, calling for an end to the Special Anti-Robbery Squad SARS as well as police brutality. The protest which was largely peaceful, was later hijacked by hoodlums who carried out mass killing, looting and destruction of properties.  Source Northern leaders, including state governors and traditional rulers, on Monday met in Kaduna, where they condemned #EndSARS protests.   Their positions on the protests were contained in a communiqué issued after the meeting and read by the Chairman of the Northern Governors’ Forum and Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong.… November 3, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Prominent leaders in northern Nigeria have said the region would not succumb to any blackmail or threat of restructuring or breakup of the country. They made this known to Daily Trust while reacting to agitations for breakup and the #EndSARS protest, seen as a plot to… November 8, 2020 In "Top Stories" •IGP Mohammed Adamu ABUJA - The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, on Monday promoted 82,779 junior police officers including those who were negatively impacted during the #EndSARS protest to their next ranks. “The promotion of the officers comprising 56,779 Sergeants to Inspector, 17,569 Corporal to Sergeants, and 8,431 Constables to… November 24, 2020 In "Metro"