Nigeria has been ranked third on the latest global terrorism index, a report that measured the impact of terrorism on countries across the world. Only Afghanistan and Iraq were adjudged to have been more badly affected by terrorism. However, the number of terrorism-related deaths dropped from 2,043 in 2018 to 1,245 in 2019, a 39.1 percent reduction, the 2020 report said. The reduction was mainly driven by a “fall in terrorism deaths attributed to Fulani extremists.  “This reduction occurred despite a small increase in deaths attributed to Boko Haram, which has been the most active terrorist group in the country over the past decade. Deaths from terrorism in Nigeria are now 83 percent lower than attheir peak in 2014.” According to the report, “ISIL’s shift to sub-Saharan Africa meant that the region recorded the second-highest number of terrorism deaths,even after accounting for the substantial fall in Nigeria.” The index is published by the Institute for Economics & Peace (IEP), a think tank that receives support from the US government. Channels TV ABUJA - A new report, the Global Terrorism Index (GTI) has ranked Nigeria as the third terrorism most impacted country in the world. The report titled, ‘Global Terrorism Index 2019’, which was released last week measured the impact of terrorism across the world. Only Afghanistan and Iraq which ranked first… July 26, 2020 In "News" By ALAN COWELL LONDON — As Western governments grapple with heightened apprehension about the spread of Islamic militancy, an independent study on Tuesday offered little solace, saying the number of fatalities related to terrorism soared 60 percent last year. Pointing to a geographic imbalance, the report by the nonprofit Institute for Economics… November 18, 2014 In "Foreign" Boko Haram and extremists in Iraq and Afghanistan unleashed a savage rise in violence between 2013 and 2014, according to new statistics released by the State Department on Friday. Attacks largely at the hands of the Islamic State and Boko Haram raised the number of terror acts by more than… June 19, 2015 In "News"