Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Nigerian Army and Air Force troops have launched an attack on bandits that have been terrorising residents of Kaduna State sharing border with Niger State. A response to bandits’ attack on Kugosi and Kajari villages in Chikun local government area of Kaduna state on Wednesday culminated to the military offensive attack. The Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan said in a statement that the military authorities notified the Kaduna State government that troops have attacked another group of bandits in Chikun LGA close to the boundaries with Niger State. The statement further explained that some bandits had on Wednesday morning attacked Kugosi and Kajari general areas in Chikun local government area. It said that the attack forced locals to flee the villages to some other communities in the local government. It said on receipt of the information, the Kaduna State government contacted the military who confirmed that troops had already been deployed to track the armed bandits. It explained that according to the operational feedback, ground and air components of the military subsequently engaged the bandits. The Kaduna government expressed gratitude to the military for the successful outing and breakthrough. By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Military says the Air Component of Operation Hadarin Daji has neutralised some notable leaders and several members of the criminal group in air strikes in the Zamfara State section of the Kagara Forest. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in… July 10, 2020 In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani   Kaduna,    -     Troops of 1 Division, Nigerian Army, under Operation WHIRL Punch have arrested a suspected cattle rustler and recovered 49 cows from him in Gawgawda village in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The Deputy Director, Army Public Relations, Col. Muhammad Dole, disclosed this… August 28, 2018 In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani   Kaduna -  The 1 Division Nigerian Army Kaduna, said on Thursday that it had neutralised 10 suspected armed bandit and arrested a kidnapper in Chikun and Birnin Gwari Local Government Areas of Kaduna State. The Deputy Director Army Public Relations, Col. Muhammad Dole, disclosed in a… September 13, 2018 In "News"