President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday urged the Senate to screen and confirm Prof. Mahmood Yakubu as the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for a second and final term in office. The President also urged the Upper Chamber to confirm his nominees for the chairmanship and membership of the Governing Council of the Hydroelectric Power Producing Areas Development Commission (HYPADEC) and the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities. Senate President Ahmad Lawan read President Buhari’s letters of request during plenary in Abuja. The President, in his letter, dated November 12, 2020, requested the Senate to confirm Ityav Joseph Terfa as HYPADEC chairman. He premised the request on Section 3(2) of the Hydroelectric Power Producing Areas Development Commission Act.  Also to be confirmed are: Abubakar Sadiq Yelwa (Kebbi) as Managing Director; Alhaji Isa Ozi Salami (Kogi, member); Taoheed Daud Toyin (Kwara, member); Mikail A. Bmitosahi (Niger, member); Saleh Mohammed Galadima Kanam (Plateau, member); Aminu Muhammed Ganda (Sokoto, member) and Chief Utum Eteng (Cross River, member). In another letter, dated November 5, 2020, President Buhari requested for the confirmation of seven nominees as chairman and members of the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities. The nominees are: Dr. Hussaini Suleiman Kangiwa (Chairman, Northwest); Oparakau Onyejelam Jaja (Southeast); Philomena Isioma Konwea (Southsouth); Omopariola Busuyi Oluwasola (Southwest); Amina Rahma Audu (Northwest); Mrs. Esther Andrew Awu (Northcentral) and Abba Audu Ibrahim (Northeast). Also, President Buhari, in another letter, requested the Senate to confirm the nomination of Umaru Farouk Aminu as full-time Commissioner representing the Northwest in the National Pension Commission (PenCom). The request, according to the President, is in line with the provision of Section 19(3) of the Pension Reforms Act, 2014. The Nation …Forwards Buhari’s request for confirmation of INEC chair, others to relevant Committees By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday confirmed the appointments of seven nominees to the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission. This was just as the Upper Chamber rejected Mrs. Yinka Osoba Akpata as Executive Commissioner… November 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - The Senate has mandated its Committee on Legislative Compliance to investigate reasons for delay in the take off of Hydro Electric Power Producing Areas Development Commission (HYPADEC), nine years since the act was passed into law. The committee is to also investigate the utililisation or… November 28, 2019 In "News" By Cecilia Ijuole   Abuja -   The National Assembly Joint Committee on Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has again invited the Chairman of the commission, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, to give further clarifications on the 2019 General Elections Budget. The Chairman of the Senate committee on INEC, Sen. Suleiman Nazif,… August 17, 2018 In "Politics"