Nigerians on Friday described the fresh increase in the pump price of petrol as “next level hardship”.  They took to the social media to criticise the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and his All Progressives Congress party for bringing untold suffering on the masses through unpopular policies including steady fuel hike. The PUNCH had reported that the Petroleum Products Marketing Company, a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, increased the ex-depot price of petrol from N147.67 per litre to N155.17. Following the announcement, the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria said the implication was that the pump price of petrol would range from N168 to N170 per litre. Commenting on various social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, Nigerians expressed total disappointment in the Buhari regime whose second-term campaign slogan was “Next Level”. According to them, the steady increase in fuel prices since the beginning of 2020 is “next level hardship”, lamenting that it is causing unimaginable inflation and an increase in food prices. “Welcome to next level hardship delivered as promised in his 2019 campaign,” Etietop Edem wrote on Facebook. “Before Buhari leaves office in 2023, we will buy fuel for N200 per litre in this country. Come 2023, everybody should go get their voter cards ready to dislodge the APC,” Anointing Atakijenyo stated. Princewill Chioma also commented, “More hardship for the masses. How do we survive this government?” Activist Deji Adeyanju tweeted, “This is the Next Level. Actions have consequences.” @Moralevitaes wrote, “Federal Government, thank you for making life miserable for Nigerians. It will be on record that the government of Muhammadu Buhari was the most insensitive to Nigerians.” @Mr_pharmphresh stated, “When Buhari was questioning why petrol is more expensive in Saudi Arabia than in Nigeria, we thought he was joking.” On Instagram, kokzy_4064 said, “APC is really bent on destroying this country. I wonder what we’ve done to the party.” vaamp8685 commented, “They have come again. Let this not bring another uprising in Nigeria and APC will say it is PDP that is the cause.” The PUNCH reports that following the deregulation of petrol prices in September, marketers across the country adjusted their pump prices to between N158 and N162 per litre to reflect the increase in global oil prices. Petrol price band had also risen from N121.50–N123.50 per litre in June to N140.80-N143.80 in July and N148-N150 in August. The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, said in September that the government had stepped back in fixing the price of petrol, adding that market forces and crude oil price would continue to determine the cost of the product.  Source EKITI (Sundiata Post) - Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose, has said with the hike in the price of petrol from N86.50 to N145, Nigerians are now left at the mercy of an administration that got to power by deception and is governing by deceit. He described the increase in… May 11, 2016 In "Top Stories" Osogbo  - Pump price of petrol has continued to increase in towns across the country as scarcity of the product persists on Wednesday, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A survey by NAN in major cities across the country shows that long queues have characterised the few fuel stations… November 18, 2015 In "Business" Barely two days after electricity tariff was increased by about 300 per cent, oil marketers yesterday fixed the pump price for Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), popularly called petrol, at N162 per litre. The marketers fixed the new price following the Federal government’s announcement that the product would now be sold… September 3, 2020 In "News"