The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State says it has confidence in the Olagunsoye Oyinlola-led Reconciliatory Committee to resolve crisis bedevilling the party in the South-West. The party’s state Publicity Secretary, Taofik Gani, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Saturday that Oyinlola’s experience as a former governor would be an added advantage in uniting aggreived members. “We have confidence in him. He is full of experience. He has been former governor of two states of the six South-West states. “Hence, all sentiments can be appreciated by him. He has also been in and out, and now in. “So, we must appreciate the need for PDP to reconcile in order to take over the South-West and indeed Nigeria,” he said. The PDP spokesman, however, advised the committee to ensure full participation and inclusion to bring all aggreived members together and strengthen the party in the region. Gani added:””We urge him to allow full participation and justice for all in the interest of the PDP. “We are proud of all the members of his committee, indeed the Lagos State representative, Senator Bucknor is a seasoned grassroots politician with vast experience in party and government management. “She was deputy governor in Lagos State. We repose full confidence in the committee to do justice and reconcile all. We wish them best of luck.” NAN reports that Oyinlola was appointed by South-West leaders of the PDP to head a five-man committee to reconcile aggrieved members of the party in the region for unity and success in future elections. Other members of the reconciliation committee are: Mrs Kofoworola Bucknor-Akerele, Ambassador Omolade Oluwateru; Chief Saka Balogun and Olayinka Kukoyi. Leaders of the party in the South-West after a meeting in Ibadan on Thursday had called on the national leadership of the party to bring all aggrieved factions in the former ruling party together. (NAN) Former Governor of Osun State, Mr. Olagunsoye Oyinlola, has denied reports that he has defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, saying he remains “a cornerstone” of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and would ensure his party attains victory in the August 9 governorship election in the… July 2, 2014 In "Politics" Says Oyinlola remains a strong pillar we want in PDP By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday extolled the virtues of a former Governor of Osun State and former National Secretary of party, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola, noting that the former Governor remained… February 5, 2020 In "News" By Bolaji Buhari   Lagos -   Former Vice-President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, on Monday said he regretted not doing much to help the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) win in Lagos State when he had the opportunity in 2003. Abubakar, a PDP presidential aspirant, spoke in Lagos while holding a meeting… September 3, 2018 In "Politics"