Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, the Vice Chancellor of the University of Lagos, who was suspended, has been reinstated, The PUNCH reports. This was contained in a statement from the Ministry of Education’s Director Press and Public Relations, Ben-Bem Goong, on Wednesday. The statement was titled, ‘Re: Report of special visitation panel to UNILAG’. It read in part, “President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and Visitor to the University of Lagos has approved the Report of the Special Visitation Panel to the University of Lagos. “The highlights of the findings and recommendations approved by Mr. President are as follows – the removal of Professor Oluwatoyin T. Ogundipe as the Vice Chancellor did not follow due process. “The Vice Chancellor was not granted an opportunity to defend himself on the allegations upon which his removal was based. He should accordingly be re-instated. “All allegations made against the Vice Chancellor and the management of the University before and after the Constitution of the Special Visitation Panel should be referred to regular Visitation Panel for thorough investigation and necessary recommendations. “The process adopted by the Council in the appointment of Professor Omololu Soyombo as Acting Vice-Chancellor of the University was inconsistent with the provisions of the Law relating to the appointment of an Acting Vice-Chancellor. “The Governing Council should be dissolved. “Mr. President after careful review of the report has approved all the recommendations of the Panel. ‘Accordingly, Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe is hereby reinstated as the Vice Chancellor of the University of Lagos. “The Governing Council of the University of Lagos Chaired by Dr. B. O. Babalakin is hereby dissolved. Mr. President hopes these steps will bring peace, stability, focus and direction to the University.” Details later… Source •Dr Wale Babalakin (left) and Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe By Funmilayo Adeyemi ABUJA - The Federal Government has directed the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman Governing Council of the University of Lagos, Dr Wale Babalakin and the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe to recuse themselves from official duties. The Federal Government made the… August 21, 2020 In "News" The Pro-Chancellor of the University of Lagos, Dr. Wale Babalakin(SAN), has resigned following alleged disagreement with the Federal Government on the Visitation Panel sent to the university. He said there were too many vested interests in UNILAG matter, who were not approaching the issues objectively. But he said it has… September 17, 2020 In "News" The interim chairman of University of Lagos Governing Council, Dr John Momoh alongiside other members of the council have confirmed Prof. Folasade Ogunsola as the acting Vice-Chancellor of the institution. The Governing Council gave the approval at a virtual meeting on Tuesday. The inauguration of the visitor’s panel will hold… August 26, 2020 In "Education"