The Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi has been warned not to trade the chances of the South East in 2023 presidential election by his planned defection to the All Progressives Congress (APC) this week. It was reported that Governor Umahi confirmed his defection during a stakeholders meeting in his Uburu Ohaozara Local Government Area country home on Sunday. Reacting to the defection yesterday, the National President of apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Youth Council (OYC), Comrade Igboayaka O. Igboayaka told the Nation that the organisation is not against Umahi joining the APC but such move should not jeopardise the chances of the Ndigbo producing next president of the country in 2023. While welcoming the move, he said that Igbo could not afford to put their eggs in one basket. “Ndigbo can’t put their eggs in one basket; we welcome Umahi’s threat to leave PDP if they don’t cede presidential tickets to South East. He however advised governors and stakeholders in APC from the East to also threaten APC if they don’t cede their presidential slot to South East He cautioned that Nigeria democracy will be in shamble if PDP and APC fail to cede presidential ticket to south East. “Denying Ndigbo APC and PDP presidential ticket is easiest way to quicken Nigeria break up. Nigeria will not exceed 2023 if any attempt is made to deny Ndigbo 2023 presidency. Igbo presidency is a narrow solution to Nigeria peace and unity,” he warned. Speaking also, the President General, Coalition of South East Youth Leaders (COSEYL), Goodluck Ibem noted that Nigeria’s democracy is fragile, adding that the only viable way to make it strong is supporting Igbo presidency in 2023. He warned: “Any Igbo man that dares to accept a running mate to any candidate from the north will be banished and declared persona non grata.” He however commended Governor Umahi defection to the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC, saying it is a welcome development. “The people of South-East geopolitical zone are indeed totally disappointed with the way the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, treated Ndigbo after 21 years of support to the party. “Igbos have always been very supportive to the PDP but the party decided to zone the party’s presidential ticket to the north come 2023. So we are in support of any move that will better the chances of the people of South-East to get the office of the President come 2023. Umahi have the support of Ndigbo provided he does not renege by accepting Vice President slot which is unacceptable to Ndigbo.” The Nation