By David Agba Abuja – The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN ) has been charged to track and fish out treasury looters rather than blocking accounts of those involved in the #EndSARs protests. Lead Director of the Centre for Social Justice (CSJ) Barrister Eze Onyekpere gave this charge Thursday in Abuja during the presentation of the ‘Draft Audit Compliance Assessment Template’. Fuming, Onyekpere said, “We are worried that Nigeria has the capacity to trace looted funds and fight corruption, our major concern is that the CBN could only block alleged #EndSARS promoters accounts but couldn’t track public officers who have and are still looting the treasury running into billions of naira. “This shows a deliberate refusal to work. CBN should explain to Nigerians why they held back but only reacted when the youth acted.” On the key issues from the 2014-2017 federal audit reports from the Office of the Auditor-General for the Federation, which necessitated the formation of the template, Onyekpere pointed out that the objective is to improve the federal audit practice by putting these issues in the front burner of public discourse. The report according to him, “Documents the withholding of funds due to the federation account by key agencies, the failure to remit due sums to the consolidated revenue fund, irregularities in payment and expenditure as well as in contract awards, store items not taken on store charged unretired loans and advances. It is a continuation of the norm of impaired accountability.” Continuing, he said, “The Office of the Auditor-General for the Federation needs a supportive institutional environment in which audit issues can be taken seriously and identified flagrant abuses remedied. “In this direction, the collaboration of the Public Account Committee (PAC), anti-corruption agencies, the media, non-governmental organizations, and other aspects of civil society, collectively dubbed “Pillars of Integrity” is imperative. “The Auditor-General will be effective to the extent that theses vital pillars collaborate to promote accountability and transparency in governance and public finance management,” he added. The Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to Nigeria's President Garba Shehu has reacted on behalf of the government of Muhammadu Buhari over the freezing of accounts of #EndSARS promoters by the Central Bank of Nigeria. CBN had prayed an Abuja Federal High Court to freeze about 20 bank… November 9, 2020 In "Politics" Garba Shehu, presidential spokesman, says those who promoted the #EndSARS protest and allowed it degenerate into chaos must be made to face the law. Garba Shehu said this when he featured on Politics Today, a Channels Television programme, on Sunday. TheCable had reported how a federal high court in Abuja… November 9, 2020 In "News" Controversy has trailed the exparte order obtained by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to freeze the accounts of 20 individuals and an organisation linked to the #EndSARS campaign. Many Nigerians especially youths have taken to social media to condemn the move by the apex bank. Also, youth representatives at… November 7, 2020 In "News"