A robot with a face like a human and which can detect coronavirus has been introduced. The human-like robot that can test for coronavirus and tell patients off for not wearing a face mask is being trialled in hospitals. The mechanical nurse, dubbed Cira-03, can take the temperature of Covid-19 sufferers and even perform blood tests. With a human like face and robotic arms, the mechanical creation is being trialled at a private hospital in Cairo, Egypt, as the African country faces a second wave. Built by an Egyptian inventor, the robot can also perform echocardiograms, X-rays and display the results to patients on a screen installed in its chest. The bot was designed to look as realistic as possible to stop patients from being afraid, according to inventor Mahmoud El Komy.It tests a patient for coronavirus by cupping their chin and then extending its arm with a swab into their mouth.  El Komy said Cira-03 will help limit exposure to the infection and prevent transmission. He said: “I tried to make the robot seem more human so that the patient doesn’t fear it. So they don’t feel like a box is walking in on them. “There has been a positive response from patients. “They saw the robot and weren’t afraid. On the contrary, there is more trust in this because the robot is more precise than humans.” The remote controlled robot scuttles around the hospital on wheels. The trial comes as Egyptian authorities confirm the country faces a second spike in cases of coronavirus. In total, Egypt has seen 113,027 cases of the disease, with 6,548 deaths. Source: Daily Star UK By Carolyn Crist The novel coronavirus can travel 13 feet through the air and be carried around on people’s shoes, according to a new report from the American Centres for Disease Control (CDC). The airborne distance is more than twice the recommended social distancing guidelines to stay six feet away from… April 21, 2020 In "Health" There are fears that Nigeria could soon be hit with the second wave of COVID-19 following rising daily cases and the abandonment of safety protocols by states across the country. For instance, Nigeria recorded 937 cases last week as against 923 the previous week. Between Monday, November 2 and Friday,… November 9, 2020 In "Health" There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health"