Yakubu Gowon, a former military head of state, has described allegations that he looted half of the Central Bank of Nigeria as “rubbish”. A member of the UK Parliament, Tom Tugendhat, made the claims during a debate on the Lekki tollgate shootings of protesters. Speaking at the UK parliament committee debate on a petition on the #EndSARS crisis, Tugendhat had urged the UK to call out corruption and use its powers to stop who profit from Nigeria’s wealth and hide it in foreign countries. “Some people will remember when General Gowon left Nigeria with half of the Central Bank, so it is said, and moved to London,” he said. However, in an interview with the BBC, Gowon described the allegations as “rubbish”. He said: “What the MP said is rubbish. I don’t know where he got that rubbish from. I served Nigeria diligently and my records are there for all to see. “I did not want to speak on this issue because people that know me know that what the MP said is not true.” Gowon was Nigeria’s Head of State from 1966 to 1975. TheCable The UK parliament on Monday, November 23, debated a petition seeking to impose sanctions on Nigerian Government officials involved in the shooting incident that occurred during the Endsars protest in Lekki on October 20. The debate stemmed from a petition started by Silas Ojo. The petition garnered more than 220,000… November 24, 2020 In "Foreign" Ondo state Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has stated that the promoters of the EndSARS protest whose account was frozen by The Central Bank Of Nigeria should justify why the money was there. Speaking in an interview on Channels Television, the Ondo State Governor noted that it is not the first time… November 11, 2020 In "Politics" Members of the United Kingdom Parliament on Monday took turns to lambast the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), for the attack and intimidation of protesters who took part in the #EndSARS demonstrations. They demanded sanctions on government officials and security agents such as visa ban, freezing… November 24, 2020 In "News"