The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has proposed the sum of N1billion each for the conduct of the forthcoming Anambra Governorship election and the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) respectively. The Chairman of the Commission, Professor Mahmood Yakubu gave this indication while defending the agency’s 2021 budget estimates before the Senate Committee on INEC, in Abuja. This is even as the Chairman of the Senate Committee on INEC, Senator Kabiru Gaya, challenged the election management body to urgently work out a special remuneration package for its staff in view of their enormous responsibilities. Yakubu said that the CVR will commence in the first quarter of 2021 and the exercise will last for 18 months which is six months to the 2023 general elections. He also told reporters that the Commission is favourably disposed to making provision for early and diaspora voting in the country subject to amendment of the Electoral Act and the relevant section of the Constitution. He said that the early voting will enable essential service providers like the police, members of the armed forces, INEC’s Adhoc staff, media practitioners, etc, to exercise their franchise either before or during the elections. He said that diplomatic staff in foreign missions as well as participants in the Technical Aid Corps (TAC) will also be able to vote for any candidate of their choice when the relevant legal instruments are emplaced. The Nation By Angela Atabo Abuja -  The Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday said it had registered 1.41 million voters in the ongoing nationwide Continuous Voter Registration (CRV). Chairman of the commission, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, made this known at the launch of Getregistered Naija Mobile App by Election Monitor, a civil… July 14, 2017 In "Politics" by Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday swore in Amb. Rufus Akeju as new Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), bringing the total number in the commission to 26. Akeju, from Lagos, who previously served as REC under the previous Commission that conducted the 2015 general… January 18, 2018 In "Politics" Abuja -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has suspended 205 staff over various unwholesome roles in the 2015 general elections. INEC’s Chairman, Prof. Mahmud Yakubu, disclosed this in his keynote address at national colloquium organised by the Independent Service Delivery Monitoring Group (ISDMG) on Tuesday in Abuja. He said… March 27, 2018 In "Top Stories"