Edo State Governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki has commended the NYSC for its immense contributions to the educational, social and healthcare development of the rural areas. He said Government would continue to support the Scheme and also reward excellence among Corps Members that distinguish themselves through the execution of community development projects in their host communities. Obaseki, who was represented by his Deputy, Mr Philip Shuaibu stated this today while declaring open the 2020 Batch ‘B’ Stream One A Orientation Course at the new Edo State Orientation Camp in Okada, Ovia North-East Local Government Area of the State. He urged the Corps Members to join the fight against economic crimes, women and child trafficking, drug trafficking and other vices through mass and adult literacy programmes. “As good ambassadors of the Scheme, l expect you to reciprocate these gestures by joining hands with the government in the developmental strides that is on course”, he said. Governor Obaseki who added that the success of the service year is dependent on the foundation laid during the Orientation Course urged the Corps Members to adequately equip themselves with every necessary trainings of the Orientation. “I also urge you to use this opportunity to make friends, have a better understanding of Nigeria, put in your utmost in all you do and devote some time to self reflection on your plans for the post-service life. We shall continue to support the Scheme in achieving it’s laudable objectives in Edo State”, Obaseki said. Before leaving the camp, the Governor commissioned the male hostel that was named after him. In his welcome address, NYSC Edo State Coordinator, Mr Adebayo Ojo commended the Governor for fulfilling his promise of completing the new Orientation Camp fitted with sufficient facilities to ensure the overall comfort of all course participants. He added that with more structures in place, Edo State would be fully prepared to host more Corps Members to attend to critical needs of the State. Adenike Adeyemi (Mrs) Director, Press and Public Relations From PRNigeria By Deborah Coker   Okada    -       Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Wednesday advised National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members in the State to avoid being used against the conduct of free and fair 2019 general elections. The governor gave the charge at the terminal parade/closing ceremony of the batch… December 5, 2018 In "News" By Monday Ajogun   Benin   -      Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has advised National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members to shun all forms of social vices, especially drug addiction, internet fraud, cultism, prostitution and kidnapping. He gave the advice on Wednesday in Benin at the closing of… May 9, 2018 In "News" Okada   -       Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Thursday charged corps members posted to the state to use their service year to lay a solid foundation on how to become self-reliant and successful future leaders. Obaseki gave the charge in Okada, near Benin, during the swearing-in… July 26, 2018 In "News"