Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Pantami has commissioned the National Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Robotics (NCAIR) in Wuye District Abuja. Pantami said NCAIR will serve as a leading hub of innovation, research and development, knowledge transfer, and training in the areas of Artificial Intelligence (AI), Robotics and other emerging technologies. “Our adoption of regulatory sandbox frameworks for testing technology in a controlled environment will enable the Center accelerate the progress we are making in the development of our digital economy,” he added. In his opening remarks, the Director General of the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Mr. Kashifu Inuwa said the Centre was built by the Agency to foster the development of emerging technologies in preparing Nigeria for the Fourth Industrial Revolution. He said the project is one among many of NITDA’s developmental programmes in accordance with the Agency’s core mandate of facilitating the growth of Information Technology (IT) development in Nigeria. “As we enter the age of advanced technological breakthroughs such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Nigeria cannot be left out in harnessing the advantages of AI, Robotics and other emerging technologies. Develop countries can add 20 to 25% net income to their GDP, while developing countries like Nigeria can add 5 to 15%. Nigerian GDP is around 400B USD thus AI can add between $20bn to $60bn in 10 years,” he added. PRNigeria gathered that the Centre is fully equipped with a Digital Innovation Lab, which will serve as a one-stop shop for digital innovation support; a Makerspace and Fabrication Lab (Fab Lab) Infrastructure that will support Innovation-Driven Enterprise (IDEs) for potential entrepreneurs to convert their ideas into products and services; Printed Circuit Board Facilities; 3D Printer; Co-working space for startups, and training facilities. Source The Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), FNCS, FBCS, FIIM has commended MainOne, a Technology Service Provider for its steadfastness towards achieving Nigeria’s migration from natural resources economy to knowledge based economy. The Minister, who was represented by Director General, National Information Technology Development… February 24, 2020 In "News" ABUJA -The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Pantami revealed on Tuesday that Terrorists now use social media as a medium for communications and the recruitment of new followers who will commit crimes in Nigeria. Pantami while delivering a lecture on leadership in counter-terrorism and counter violent extremism in… February 12, 2020 In "News" Pantami Says President Buhari to sign Executive Order on CNI ProtectionReiterates the goals of digital economy policyGives overview of the strategic pillarsOptimistic the 2020-2025 Broadband Plan will be ready in Q1 2020Advocates the validation of certificates with skillsUrges citizens to leverage emerging digital capacities to produce employers of labour The… January 7, 2020 In "News"