The Commander of 81 Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island, Lagos, Brig. Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, on Saturday, said the Nigerian Army was not happy that the Governor of Lagos State, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, denied inviting the military on October 20, 2020, during the #ENDSARS protest at Lekki Toll Gate The Army commander during his testimony before the Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the Lekki incident said inviting the military was the best decision the Lagos governor could have taken as the #EndSARS protest plunged the state into anarchy but added that the Army was also unhappy that Sanwo-Olu said two persons died from the military engagement at the Lekki tollgate.  Taiwo said, “I spoke with the governor and said the Army was unhappy that he said he did not ask for Army’s intervention but I am sure that after you watched everything (video footages), you saw he had more than enough grounds to ask for Army’s intervention; perhaps it was the way everything went.” The Nation The Nigerian Army 81 Division has finally admitted involvement in the opertaion that broke the #ENDSARS protest, claiming the soldiers came on the request of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu who had declared a 24-hour curfew on Tuesday, October 20.   The army, however, maintained silent on their alleged involvement and shooting… October 28, 2020 In "News" The global rights group, Amnesty International, has collated and released a timeline of the killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate, Lagos on October 20.   The AI said its crisis response experts investigated and verified social media videos and photographs that confirmed the security forces were… October 29, 2020 In "News" Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, says no death was recorded in Tuesday night attack in the Lekki toll gate area of Lagos State. The governor made this known in a live broadcast on Wednesday morning, saying two critically wounded victims had been operated on and were in stable condition while… October 21, 2020 In "Politics"