The bail application filed by Borno South Senator, Ali Ndume, who has been detained in prison since Monday, November 23, over his suretyship for Abdulrasheed Maina believed to have jumped bail would be heard on Friday, November 25, by the Federal High Court in Abuja.  Justice Okon Abang adjourned for ruling after the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission’s lawyer, Mohammed Abubakar, opposed the bail application. Maina, a former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina, is being prosecuted by the EFCC on charges of money laundering involving N2bn. On November 18, 2020, Justice Abang revoked the bail granted him, ordered his arrest, and directed that his trial would proceed in absentia. The judge on Monday November 18, ordered that Ndume be remanded in prison until he produced Maina or paid the sum of N500m bail bond to the Federation Account. Ndume, through his lawyer, Marcel Oru, had on Tuesday filed an appeal against the remand order at the Court of Appeal, along with an application for the bail of the defendant filed before Justice Abang.  Source A Federal High Court in Abuja has fixed Friday, November 27 for ruling on the bail application filed by Borno South Senator, Ali Ndume, who has been remanded in prison since Monday over his suretyship for Abdulrasheed Maina who is believed to have jumped bail. Justice Okon Abang on Thursday… November 26, 2020 In "News" A Federal High Court in Abuja has fixed Thursday, November 26, 2020, for the hearing of the bail application filed by Borno South Senator, Ali Ndume. Ndume was on Monday remanded in prison over his suretyship for Abdulrasheed Maina who is said to have jumped bail. Maina, a former Chairman… November 25, 2020 In "News" A Federal High court has ordered the arrest of Faisal Maina, the son of Abdulrasheed Maina. The Court in Abuja on Tuesday revoked Faisal's bail and ordered his arrest over money laundering charges. He was accused of jumping bail. Justice Okon Abang also ordered that his trial on money laundering… November 24, 2020 In "News"