Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, a close ally of Donald Trump, has pledged to donate $500,000 (£380,000) to help fund the Trump campaign’s lawsuits. “The allegations of wrongdoing are earth-shattering,” Graham, who was re-elected in South Carolina, told Sean Hannity in an interview with Fox News, without providing any details. “I’m here tonight to stand with President Trump – he stood with me, he’s the reason we’re going to have a Senate majority,” he said. The money donated to Trump’s legal team will come from Graham’s own campaign funds, the Associated Press reports. Trump, who has filed a barrage of lawsuits alleging irregularities and lack of transparency in several states, has said he is prepared to take the election to the Supreme Court, and his campaign is asking Republican donors to help fund legal challenges. Democrat rival Joe Biden is also gearing up for battles in the courts. Biden’s campaign manager, Jen O’Malley Dillon, has started a fundraising effort, sending an email to supporters. “We are standing up the biggest and most comprehensive legal effort ever assembled,” she wrote, adding: “I am coming to you to ask you to pitch $25 in to the newly-formed Biden Fight Fund.” Biden’s running-mate, Kamala Harris, earlier tweeted asking supporters to contribute $5 to help pay for litigation that could “stretch on for weeks”. (BBC) A tense US presidential election was still undecided on Wednesday, even as Democratic candidate Joe Biden’s path to the White House became clearer with projected wins in battlegrounds Wisconsin and Michigan. Biden expressed confidence in winning the race, while President Donald Trump claimed victories in a number of swing states… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington - Many Senate Republicans are hoping that after the impeachment trial is over, President Donald Trump will let it go. But it may be the Trump campaign that decides whether to close the door for good on the Ukraine controversy that led to the president’s impeachment. As the Senate… February 6, 2020 In "Foreign" By Kevin Liptak and Kaitlan Collins, CNN (President Donald Trump staged a corrosive and potentially dangerous attempt at undermining the US election on Thursday, baselessly claiming the presidency was being stolen from underneath him as vote counts showed his path to victory disappearing. Standing at the White House podium, the… November 6, 2020 In "Foreign"