 Former Nigerian President, Goodluck Jonathan, says it is better to lose power and gain honour.  Jonathan, who made this known in a Facebook post on Friday, recommended this ‘philosophy’ to all leaders facing ‘challenging situations at the polls’. He wrote, “Nobody’s ambition is worth the blood of any citizen. It is better to gain honour at the cost of losing power than to gain power at the cost of losing honour. “At any point in time, the power of love should matter more than the love of power. “This is my philosophy. I have lived it. It has brought great peace to both my beloved nation and I. And I recommend it to all leaders facing challenging situations, either in government, or at the polls, or even in their dealings with fellow political actors.” Jonathan, who sought reelection on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party in 2015, had conceded defeat to the incumbent Nigerian President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), of the All Progressives Congress. Although Jonathan was not specific about the world ‘leaders’ he made the recommendation to, his statement was made at a time when the United States is electing a new President to lead the nation for another four years. The incumbent American President, Donald Trump, and his Democrat challenger Joe Biden are presently slugging it out at the polls but the electoral college votes are tilting in favour of Biden who is some figures shy from the magic number of 270. The Republican candidate has, however, been alleging fraud in the voting process. Trump has also threatened that the election would end up at the US Supreme Court.  Source ABUJA - President Goodluck Jonathan, on Tuesday in Abuja, declared his intention to contest the 2015 presidential election, with a promise to eradicate corruption from all sectors of the nation`s economy. The President formally declared his intention before a mammoth crowd made up of pro- Jonathan support groups, PDP stakeholders, market… November 11, 2014 In "News" By Titus Agbo Former President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan has graciously turned 58 without the usual spectacle and exaggerated fanfare. The day will pass without so much of the flattering goodwill messages from fawning and dissembling politicians and attention seekers. It truly would be one of the best birthday moments in… November 19, 2015 In "Opinion" ABUJA, - The Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Sen. Anyim Pius Anyim, has said that the Jonathan administration created the opposition movement as a deliberate attempt to deepen democracy in the country. Anyim said this at a Presidential dinner organised by the University of Port Harcourt (UNIPORT) Alumni… February 25, 2015 In "Business"