DJ Switch, popular Nigerian Disc Jockey and eye witness of the Lekki Tollgate shootings has been reportedly been granted asylum in Canada after leaving Nigeria over threats.  On the 20th of October 2020, the world was left stunned as military men stormed the Lekki Toll Plaza to shoot at unarmed #EndSARS protesters. The popular disc jockey was at the scene and live streamed the video of the incident on her Instagram page. In a fall out of that incident, DJ Switch has now reportedly appeared before the Sub-committee on International Human Rights of the Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs and International Development of the Canadian parliament. According to Sahara reporters, she told the Canadian parliament that she counted not less than seven persons shot, adding that one of the soldiers threatened to shoot her. “On October 20, 2020, we had spirited Nigerians there united with one goal against police brutality against bad governance. What started out as a protest against police brutality with the unit called SARS, unfortunately, degenerated into something I still find hard to reconcile within my heart. “We got information that the government wants to see me and six other people and I remember saying to them that we have no leader and if the government wanted to speak with us, he should kindly come to the toll gate and address Nigerians because we have been out for eleven days.” She added that the first gunshot was heard from behind, adding that it was chaotic as people were running in different directions so as not to be hit by a bullet until it was announced that protesters should lie on the floor. She continued, saying, “As we didn’t know where the gunshots were coming from and what they are about and then the lights went off. “I remembered the military came in first, they stopped shooting at some point and I walked up to one of them and I asked why he was shooting at us and he said he had express order from above, and I was coming too close to him and if I come too close, it would be considered an attack on him and he would have to shoot. It didn’t take another ten minutes, the shooting started again. I remember seeing seven people that have been shot down and we were telling people on my live Instagram to help us call an ambulance.” She also added that after the military were ordered to stop shooting by a senior military officer, the police were drafted to the toll gate and continued shooting at protesters, who were still at the protest ground. She revealed that she has been in hiding following threats to her live by unknown people. She said she initially thought it was an empty threat until she received a call that the military were trying to arrest her.“I have been on the move because they have been after my life. The first threat came in, I thought it was a joke, I sincerely thought it was a joke. Just as I was leaving, I got a phone call that I should leave the vicinity because there are military men at the hospital. I had to abandon my home, I moved from people’s home, and then just to get out of Nigeria. I am still travelling, and I am not done with my trip,”  Source  Nigerian disc jockey, DJ Switched has revealed what happened at the night of Lekki Tollgate killings after Nigerian Army opened fire on unarmed protesters. She confirmed the death of 15 persons, while also revealing that police officers also joined in the shooting. On the 20th of October 2020, the world… October 23, 2020 In "News" DJ Switch, a popular Nigerian disc jockey has dragged lawmaker, Desmond Elliot after he addressed Nigerian youths as "children" while calling for the regulation of social media.   According to her, Desmond Elliot calling celebrities and influencers children is very annoying. The former actor and lawmaker representing Surulere constituency in… October 30, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerian Disc Jockey, DJ Cuppy has broken her silence after a Twitter user begged Pepsi to replace her with another female DJ Switch. Recall that DJ Cuppy is a brand amabassador of Pepsi. DJ Switch was exceptional and won the hearts of Nigerians on Saturday after making BBNaija housemates dance… August 31, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds"