The federal government has been accused of engaging in gross partiality and policies capable of harming citizens, after it granted Dangote Group freedom to export goods through our borders even as it banned other companies from such activity.  Recall that in October 2019, President Buhari had closed the country’s land borders to boost local production and strengthen security. However, Bloomberg had exclusively reported that the cement company had secured permission from the Federal Government to resume cement exportation to Niger and Togo for the first time in 2020. The news agency quoted the Chief Executive Officer of Dangote Cement, Michel Puchercos, as saying the company resumed cement exportation with restricted volumes. Reacting, a renowned banker and founder of Stanbic IBTC Bank Plc, Atedo Peterside, accused the Federal Government of being biased for permitting Dangote Cement to resume exports across land borders. Writing in his verified Twitter handle on Tuesday, Mr Peterside alleged that Nigerian economy is rigged in favour of a handful of well-connected persons. He said: “Allowing legitimate exporters & importers to move their goods across the border should be a no-brainer. Why refuse everybody else & allow only one company (Dangote)? ”This is why some of us argue that the Nigerian economy is rigged in favour of a handful of well-connected persons,” Mr Peterside added. See reactions below: ABUJA - The Muhammadu Buhari Administration whose order of border closure has been effected for over a year has allowed Dangote Cement to resume exports across Nigerian land borders. Recall that Nigerian authorities closed borders with neighboring countries including Benin and Niger to curb smuggling and boost local production. Although… November 10, 2020 In "Politics" •L-r: Ghanaian President Nana Dankwa Akufo-Addo and President Muhammadu Buhari  The Ghana Union of Traders Association (GUTA) is calling for a total boycott of all Nigerian products imported to Ghana. The move, the traders union believes, will force the Nigerian government to open up its land borders for foreign goods.… October 20, 2019 In "Business" ABUJA - The Federal Government and Dangote Industries Ltd. have signed an agreement for the investment of one billion dollars in an integrated rice project in Kebbi, Niger, Jigawa, Edo, and Kwara states. The President of Dangote Group, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, said during the agreement signing ceremony in Abuja on… August 3, 2014 In "Business"