New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on Sunday threatened to sue the Trump administration if it does not change its coronavirus vaccine distribution plan to allow for more equitable delivery among “black and brown communities” hardest-hit by the virus.  “The Trump administration is designing the distribution plan, and their plan basically has private health care companies administer the vaccines,” Cuomo said in a speech at Manhattan’s Riverside Church. “The president talks about CVS and Walgreens and national chains. Sure. But they are mainly located in rich communities, not in poor communities.” He continued: “My friends, we cannot compound the racial injustice that COVID has already created. And let me be clear — the black and brown communities that were first on the list of who died cannot be last on the list of who receives the vaccines, period.” The governor claimed the inequities in the plan are made worse by a lack of federal aid to aid states in increasing their efforts. New York will join the NAACP and the Urban League in a lawsuit if the administration does not work to address the problems, Cuomo said. “I’ve tried to work with the Trump administration and argue morality and principle for four years. You’re better off trying to argue with a rock. But it’s not just about morality,” Cuomo said. “There can be no more fundamental right in this moment than access to the vaccine. Any plan that intentionally burdens communities of color to hinder access to the vaccine deprives those communities of equal protection under the law and equal protection is enshrined in the Constitution of these United States.” He added: “I tell you today, if the Trump administration does not change this plan and does not provide an equitable vaccine process we will enforce our legal rights , we will bring legal action to protect New Yorkers … and we will fight to make sure very life is protected equally, because enough people have died and enough injustice has been done during COVID. It stops now, it stops with this vaccine.” BY ANNIE KARNI, KENNETH LOVETT, GLENN BLAIN Former Gov. Mario Cuomo, gravely ill at home with a bad heart, was no longer responsive by the time his son Gov. Andrew Cuomo gave his inauguration speech Thursday in Manhattan. But knowing how much the former governor looked forward to that day,… January 3, 2015 In "Foreign" •Medics wear protective gear as they arrive at a Brooklyn hospital to pick up a patient on April 18, 2020 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. Spencer Platt/Getty Images/AFP  New York State, the epicentre of the coronavirus pandemic in the United States, has experienced its lowest one-day death… April 19, 2020 In "Foreign" •Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York The outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the fight against its ravaging scourge have unmistakably exposed on the one hand, the poverty of leadership of some touted ‘powerful’ leaders across the world. It has also on the other hand, brought out the outstanding (perhaps… June 17, 2020 In "Opinion"