The Police in Rivers State have launched a manhunt for the gunmen, who kidnapped and murdered a former Rivers State Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG), Ebenezer Kalabo Amah. It was learnt that Amah was whisked away by unknown gunmen, who laid ambush at his residence on Precious Chukwu Street in Woji, Obio/Akpor Local Government Area They were said to have accosted him on Wednesday night when he was driving into his house on Wednesday night. It was gathered that the assailants blocked his vehicle, dragged him out and took him to an unknown destination. Police spokesman, Nnamdi Omoni, confirmed the incident saying the deceased’s vehicle was recovered the same day. But he said his lifeless body was seen at Peter Odili Road the next day (Thursday). It was learnt that Amah, who retired from the Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) was shot and killed minutes after he was kidnapped. Omoni said: “Yes, I can confirm. He was kidnapped in Woji on the 17th. That same day, the police recovered his vehicle. While we were searching for him, we got information that his body was dumped somewhere at Peter Odili Road. “So the following day on the 18th, we got there and confirmed that he was the same person that was kidnapped the previous day. His body was evacuated and taken to the hospital mortuary for preservation.” The Nation Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have reportedly abducted an accountant with the Cross River Newspaper Corporation, Publishers of the Nigerian Chronicle, Maurice Archibong. Archibong was said to have been kidnapped on Saturday night after the gunmen trailed him up to Etta Agbo when he was returning home after he went… February 17, 2020 In "Metro" YENAGOA - A cousin to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, who was kidnapped together with his father, Chief Inegite Jonathan, was found dead in Otuoke, Bayelsa State on February 19. Relatives said that fishermen found the body of Samuel Oki, 35, that was floating in Otuoke river, two days after the kidnapping. Premium… February 19, 2016 In "Top Stories" Gunmen have abducted an uncle of former Governor of Bayelsa State, Timipre Sylva, Benson Adigio-Eseni, 86. The abduction of the octogenarian has further heightened the challenges of insecurity in the state. It was learnt that Adigio-Eseni was abducted at around 2am on Sunday from his residence in Okpoama in Brass… July 28, 2014 In "News"