Mr Niyi Alebiosu, the Chairman, Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN), Oyo State Chapter, has been appointed into the Media and Publicity Committee of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF).  Alebiosu, an Editor with the Nigerian Tribune, was among the names released by NFF on Tuesday. Reports have it that the NFF Media and Publicity Committee is headed by the Chairperson of Nigeria Women Football League, Mrs Aisha Falode. Also in the committee are a long-time Chairman of Enyimba Football Club of Aba, Chief Felix Anyansi Agwu, the Committee’s Vice Chairman, Alhaji Shuaibu Mungadi, Al Nasiru Zahradeen, Gowon Akpadunor, sports journalists Tony Ubani, Kunle Solaja, Promise Efoghe, Toyin Ibitoye, and Dapo Sotunminu. General Alebiosu, who was in May 2016 elected SWAN Chairman in the state, was re-elected for another term in October. The veteran sports journalist had traveled around the globe covering several national and international sports competitions, including the National Sports Festivals, All-Africa Games, Olympics, and World Cup Tournaments. He had in the past served in the Media Sub Committee of the 2009 FIFA Under-17 World Cup in Ijebu Ode, Ogun State. Alebiosu has also served as Media Officer for the Youth Sports Federation of Nigeria (YSFON) and Media Consultant to Nigeria School Sports Federation.   Source  By Yetunde Fetungase Abeokuta - The Ogun chapter of the Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN) will hold its 2019 SWAN Week  from Sunday to Friday, Feb. 1. Wole Otayemi, Chairman of the 2019 Ogun SWAN Week Committee, disclosed this in a statement in Abeokuta. He said the Ogun SWAN Week which… January 25, 2019 In "Sports" Abuja  -  Football Administrators and other stakeholders in the country have described the death of former Super Eagles Coach, Shuaibu Amodu as tragic, and called for prayers to stop the trend. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in separate interviews that the trend of recording deaths in days’… June 11, 2016 In "News" •Fan Ndubuoke By Ori Martins Following the successful passage of the bill creating the Imo State Sports Commission, the house of assembly, has cleared and confirmed Chief Fan Ndubuoke chairman of the commission. The Imo State House of Assembly also confirmed the three board members of the commission (one from… August 23, 2019 In "Sports"