ABUJA – The Muhammadu Buhari Administration whose order of border closure has been effected for over a year has allowed Dangote Cement to resume exports across Nigerian land borders.  Recall that Nigerian authorities closed borders with neighboring countries including Benin and Niger to curb smuggling and boost local production. Although the blockade encouraged the consumption of locally grown produce such as rice, it hurt factories across West Africa, which rely on Nigeria’s market of 200 million people. Bloomberg reported that President Muhammadu Buhari‘s administration gave its authorisation for Africa’s biggest producer to export cement to Niger and Togo in the third quarter for the first time in ten months. It was learnt that the Michel Puchercos, chief executive officer of the firm said the export was made possible “through authorisation given by this administration” during an investor call in Lagos. Puchercos also revealed that they plan to grow the trade using the sea channels.The Lagos-based company’s plan to buy back some of its shares has been delayed by market volatility and low liquidity, which have affected valuation, Guillaume Moyen, acting chief financial officer said at the same conference call. It is speculated that the exemption to Dangote Cement is a softening of the government’s position on a border closure that started in August last year, and could open the way for other businesses to fully resume exports across the country’s land barriers. It has has also reignited hope of Africa’s most populous nation reopening trade with neighbors after a year-long blockade.    ABUJA - The Federal Government and Dangote Industries Ltd. have signed an agreement for the investment of one billion dollars in an integrated rice project in Kebbi, Niger, Jigawa, Edo, and Kwara states. The President of Dangote Group, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, said during the agreement signing ceremony in Abuja on… August 3, 2014 In "Business" •L-r: Ghanaian President Nana Dankwa Akufo-Addo and President Muhammadu Buhari  The Ghana Union of Traders Association (GUTA) is calling for a total boycott of all Nigerian products imported to Ghana. The move, the traders union believes, will force the Nigerian government to open up its land borders for foreign goods.… October 20, 2019 In "Business" By Nduka Orjinmo  Nigeria, one of Africa’s superpowers, closed all its land borders two months ago to tackle smuggling – but the unprecedented move is affecting trade across the region. Bustling borders have come to a standstill, with goods rotting and queues of lorries waiting at checkpoints in the hope… November 2, 2019 In "Features"