Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Finally China has congratulated US President-elect Joe Biden on Friday nearly a week after he was declared winner of the American election.US-China ties have grown increasingly strained in recent years under the administration of incumbent Donald Trump, and relations are as icy as at any time since formal ties were established four decades ago.“We respect the choice of the American people. We express our congratulations to Mr. Biden and Ms. Harris,” said foreign ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin at a regular press briefing, referring to incoming vice president Kamala Harris.Wang said China understands “the result of the US election will be determined in accordance with US laws and procedures”.China was previously among a handful of major countries including Russia and Mexico that had not congratulated the president-elect, with Beijing commenting earlier this week simply that it had “noticed Mr. Biden declared he is the winner”.Since US media called the presidential race, Trump has not conceded to Biden as is traditional practice once a winner is projected.Trump’s four years in the White House have been marked by a costly trade war between the two powers, with Beijing and Washington also sparring over blame for the Covid-19 pandemic and China’s human rights record in Xinjiang and Hong Kong.Under his “America First” banner, Trump has portrayed China as the greatest threat to the United States and global democracy China on Monday said it has taken note of Joe Biden’s declaration of victory in the US presidential election but is holding off on sending any message of congratulations. Foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said on Monday the result of the election would be determined under US laws and procedures,… November 9, 2020 In "Foreign" US federal election officials have said the 2020 White House vote was the "most secure in American history" - rejecting President Donald Trump's fraud claims. "There is no evidence that any voting system deleted or lost votes, changed votes, or was in any way compromised," the committee announced. They spoke… November 13, 2020 In "News" World leaders have reacted with disbelief to the surprise election of Donald Trump as US president - and Russian President Vladimir Putin has become one of the first to congratulate the Republican on his win. Putin congratulated Donald Trump on his victory in the US presidential election in a telegram,… November 9, 2016 In "News"