There are two types of bettors. Some play to make some petty cash and then some play to make serious cash. This post is for those who intend to make sizable sums of betting and regard it as another source of income. If you intend to make a living off sports betting, you are in the right place. Here are some of the most important things that you should know about betting professionally. PLAY MORE THAN ONE SPORT Playing one sport is seriously limiting. A lot of other sports offer decent odds and are quite easy to play and predict. Do not limit yourself to just one sport. Research other sports. When this is done, you can go ahead to attempt baby bets until you get the hang of it. That way, you have opened more than a single stream of betting income for yourself. DO NOT PLAY BECAUSE YOU NEED TO PLAY As a bettor, you will likely have a betting calendar. That is, there will be a time where you will be ready to bet. However, at such times there is always that possibility that good games will not be available. However, you will have stakes on the ground that need to be converted asap. If you were in this situation, what would you do? A lot of bettors would go on and stake. However, that is where losses start. Would you rather win nothing than lose something? As a rule, make sure that you only bet when the games that are on the ground are games that you would pick even when multiple games were available. USE A CORRECT SCORE PREDICTOR If you do not make use of a correct score predictor, you are seriously missing out on a lot that could be yours. Correct score predictor websites give tips on matches for bettors. These tips are provided by football betting experts. PLAY VARIOUS LEAGUES Sadly, a lot of bettors confine themselves to a single league. This doesn’t allow them to make use of other opportunities. Realize that there are other leagues. If you bet commonly on Champion’s League or Laliga Matches, you can check Marathonbet blog for EPL Predictions. SET A BETTING LIMIT To ensure that you do not spend more than you can afford to, set a betting limit. Every business plans capital and it would be rather unwise to throw everything you have in without a stop-loss. Be sure to set a daily or weekly betting limit that would ensure that you do not spend anyhow. HAVE A STRATEGY Every business has a strategy and yours should be any different. As a bettor, plan out your stakes and the games that they would be shared with. Plan out your stop-loss as well as your turnover. Do not allow a good stretch of wins to get into your head. Plan and stick to the plan. Abuja - Many Nigerian football supporters and enthusiasts have greeted the new football season in major European countries with excitement and anticipation. In the next eight months, football crazy Nigerians will have the opportunity to watch their favourite clubs challenge for honours in England, Spain, Germany, Italy, France and other… August 12, 2019 In "News" A love of football is one thing that can bring Nigerians together more than just about anything else. Playing and watching football is something that Nigerians have remained passionate about for decades, so it is no surprise that many of these same fans also enjoy wagering on their favorite pastime… November 5, 2020 In "Business" If you have always been looking for the perfect sports betting app on the iOS or Google Play Store and always wondered why there wasn't any - don't worry. Betway has just launched the Betway online sports betting naija App, or more popularly known as theNaija app. The app offers… March 6, 2018 In "Sports"