Wendy Morton, a British Conservative Party politician, who serves as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for European Neighbourhood and the Americas has revealed that they have received a report of the intimidation of #EndSARS protesters in Nigeria.  Morton who described this as worrying, also disclosed that the UK government is communicating with the President’s Chief of Staff, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari, and Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. The lawmaker noted that the British High Commissioner in Abuja has continued to raise their concern about intimidation of civil society groups and peaceful protesters, with the Nigerian government. She Said; “It is a long-standing practice not to speculate on future sanctions as it could reduce the impact of the designations. “We are aware that some protesters have reported facing intimidation and the British High Commissioner in Abuja continues to raise our concerns about intimidation of civil society groups and peaceful protesters with the Nigerian government.”  Source Members of the United Kingdom Parliament on Monday took turns to lambast the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), for the attack and intimidation of protesters who took part in the #EndSARS demonstrations. They demanded sanctions on government officials and security agents such as visa ban, freezing… November 24, 2020 In "News" Suspected hoodlums on Friday swooped on #EndSARS/SWAT protesters in Benin, killing two protesters. Another protester was killed in Akure when a car rammed into protesters also on Friday.   But it was the other way round at Ikola, a Lagos suburb, on Thursday when a suspected protester smashed her car… October 17, 2020 In "News" The mass action against the extrajudicial activities of the Nigeria Police Force continued in Abuja with a new twist to the demand of the protesters. Recall that the initial demand made by the demonstrators was the dissolution of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the police. The ‘EndSARS’ protests… October 12, 2020 In "News"