 The Director General of the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Mallam Kashifu Inuwa, has disclosed that technology is already the way forward in information, communications and other modern activities such as meetings, prescriptions by doctors, conferences and other related activities. These, he said, has aided the implementations of policies and strategies for the growth and development of our country. The DG stated this in a remark at the Digital PayExpo 2020, with the theme “Emerging Technologies and the National Digital Economy Plan”. “It is the next oil, simply because of its rise in the nation’s Gross Domestic Product which has paved way for the creations of jobs directly or indirectly and also an avenue for flow of revenue to the country. Everything is evolving around technology and with technology work and activities are done at ease and reduces the cost of implementation at the end of the day,” Abdullahi said. He revealed that NITDA is actively accelerating digital inclusion in Nigeria by taking advantage of the spread of existing infrastructure across the country, focusing on skills rather than degrees; and progressively increasing the contribution of digital technologies to the economy. According to him, the Agency, since the implementation of its IT roadmap has prepared Nigeria and created ways for the adoption of the 4th industrial revolution which will serve as the yard stick for the digitalisation of the country’s mode of operation and the economy at large. He added that the impact of technology has gradually yield positive result, through skills acquisition, job creation, promotion of government service, capacity building carried out by the Agency at the different geopolitical zones in the country which has deepened the penetration of IT in Nigeria. By PRNigeria  As part of efforts to­ boosts the Federal Gover­nment’s job creation effort ­through the developme­nt of eight Informati­on and Communications­ technology (ICT) hub­s in the six geopolit­ical zones of the cou­ntry, Zinox Technolog­ies Ltd has secured about N7.875 billion ­($25 million) counter­part funding to roll ­out a trio of digital­… August 28, 2016 In "Business" By Jessica Dogo Abuja - The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has stressed the need for broadband development to drive 4th Industrial Revolution in Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) in the country. The Executive Vice Chairman, NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta made this assertion during the 2019, 7th Digital Africa Conference and… June 25, 2019 In "News" By Chukwudi Ekezie and Ijeoma Olorunfemi Often Nigerians are inundated with messages on their telephone sets and e-mails asking them to subscribe to goods and services. The recipients, especially public service workers, are encouraged to apply for loans from micro-credit outfits on very liberal conditions, including not providing securities for… December 5, 2019 In "Features"