Lai Mohammed, The Minister of Information and Culture has said that the government is confident that with the intervention policies, the fiscal and monetary interventions that have been put in place, the recession will be short-lived.  The National Bureau of Statistics, NBS had two days ago said that Nigeria’s economy has slipped into another recession, the second time since 2016.Speaking during an interview with NTA today November 25, Mohammed said the recession is inevitable due to the global collapse in oil prices occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic. He said other countries like Finland, Hungary, Spain, and others have gone into recession due to the fall in the price of crude oil worldwide.“It is true we are in a recession. Recession comes when a country records two consecutive quarters of negative growths. But we must go beyond that to understand that despite that, our economy is still very well in circumstances.The main reason why we have entered into this recession is the oil sector. The oil sector recorded -13.89% and that is the worst in 14 quarters. Of course, it is easy to understand why; with the pandemic, there is low demand for oil…but when you look at the non-oil sector which is about -2.51 % in Q3, it is far better than what it was in the Q2.Overall, yes, we are in a recession and it is inevitable but while our Q2 result was -6.1%, South Africa was -50% and as we speak today, Finland, Hungary, Spain, Mexico, Russia, Romania, Belgium, Austria have all fallen into recession.But we are very confident that with the intervention policies, with the fiscal and monetary interventions the government has put in place, the recession will be short-lived.” he said Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) — The Federal Government has declared that any delay in the passage of the 2017 Appropriation Bill by the National Assembly may stall the implementation of its Economic Recovery Growth Plan (ERGP). This is even as he has tied the country existing recession by end of… March 8, 2017 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja -  The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, has expressed optimism that Nigeria will overcome its economic and security challenges under the incorruptible leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari. He stated this on Friday in Abuja at an Islamic programme organised by the Nigerian Supreme Council… September 1, 2016 In "News" ABUJA - Nigerian fuel suppliers have cut the price of petrol to encourage people to travel to vote in presidential elections this Saturday after the poll was delayed by a week, the information minister said on Wednesday. The electoral commission announced the delay early last Saturday just Nigeria’s 84 million… February 21, 2019 In "News"