…Says US Election is a Lesson To Leaders By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The PDP has congratulated WhiteHouse President-elect, Joe Biden, on his successful election as the 46th President of the United States. This is also as the party has saluted Americans for a successful and peaceful election in strict adherence to democratic principles and extant laws of their country, despite the intense competition. The party sent the congratulatory message via twitter handle in series of tweets on Sunday while reacting to the victory of Joe Biden in the just concluded Presidential election. The PDP asserts that the election is lesson to leaders that power resides with the people and that there is a limit to how any individual can hold a people to ransom. Our party holds that the United States’ Presidential election presents lessons to our emerging electoral system, particularly on the independence of the electoral body as well as showing respect for the rights of the citizens to democratically choose their leaders, irrespective of preferences or predilections of  incumbents. Indeed, the manifest non-interference by the security forces and the judiciary in the US election calls out the current situation in our country where security agencies and compromised judicial officers are used to muzzle election and subvert the will of the people as largely witnessed in the last five years, particularly in the 2019 general elections. The US election also serves as a strong lesson to our nation on the need to strengthen our institutions while focusing on our processes and rules instead of strengthening individuals. Moreover, the PDP charges President Muhammadu Buhari to draw lessons from the post-Election remarks of the US President-elect by addressing the divisive tendencies, nepotism and marginalization which characterize his administration as well as other actions and policies that threaten the stability, unity and development of our nation. However, in congratulating the US President-elect, the PDP urges him to use his new office to promote world unity, peace, global economic, political and international trade collaborations with focus on Africa as well as the developing world. Our party recalls that the United States and Nigeria have a long history of robust diplomatic relationship based on mutual respect and cooperation in critical sectors, with many enduring cultural, political, economic and social affinities which should be strengthened for more global development. The PDP wishes President-elect, Joe Biden, a successful tenure and urges Nigerians to use the US election as a catalyst and preparatory template to consolidate on our democratic processes ahead of subsequent general elections in the country.  President of the United States, Mr. Barack Obama has called on political leaders and candidates to caution their supporters against violence during the elections. In a recorded video published Monday by the US government, Obama also urged Nigerians to peacefully choose their preferred candidates in the polls and reject calls to violence.… March 23, 2015 In "Top Stories" Early indications suggested Trump would win Georgia - but it's now looking very close. Why? The chart below shows how the vote share in narrowing as more mail-in votes are counted. Mail-in votes are thought to favour Biden - one theory being that Democrats are taking the pandemic more seriously… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" By Harrison Arubu New York -U.S. Democratic Party has officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, as its candidate for the Nov. 3 presidential election. Joe, whose nomination came on the second day of the party’s virtual National Convention on Tuesday night, will face incumbent President Donald Trump in… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign"