By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) –  Lawmaker representing Ondo South Senatorial District, Senator Nicholas Tofowomo, on Wednesday drew the attention of the Senate to the need to rescue Ayetoro community from  ocean surge. Coming under Order 42 and 52 of the Senate Rules, the lawmaker in a motion considered on the floor, informed his colleagues that Ayetoro which was known as Ayetoro floating city in the 1970s suffered a severe ocean current disaster which depleted the community, destroyed 308 houses and rendered many homeless. According to the Senator, “Ayetoro which is part of the Niger Delta Region is yer to receive any support from the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC); and the Ondo State Oil Producing and Development Corporation (OSOPADEC) which overseas the Oil producing part of Ondo State.”“Regrets also that crude oil exploration companies which operate around the region with its offices at Ilaje Local Government has not fared better“Concerned that Ayetoro floating city’s major occupation is fishing, hence most of the residents have suffered losses of their fishing tools and this has rendered most of them helpless and jobless,” the lawmaker added. Accordingly, the Senate urged the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and Ondo State Government to respond and assist victims in the community as well as develop a master plan that includes building of ocean barriers to control flooding and ocean surge in the region. The upper chamber while urging the Nigerian Maritime, Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) to visit Ayetoro to ascertain the level of destruction in the community with a view to proffer solution to prevent future occurrence; called on Oil Producing Companies to assist the community in rebuilding some of the infrastructure destroyed by the surge. By EMMA AMAIZE WARRI - Militant groups from the nine states of the Niger Delta region, which vowed to resume hostilities, last Monday in support of #EndSARS protests, triggered fresh anxiety, weekend, as it presented  11 new demands to the Federal Government. Leader of the militants under the auspices of… October 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" A group of ex-militants yesterday threatened to resume hostilities in the oil producing areas of Ondo State if the Federal Government did not appoint an indigene of the area into the board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The grouse of the ex-militants in the Eagle Strike Camp in… March 7, 2017 In "News" By Itohan Abara-Laserian & Grace Alegba   Lagos   -     Nigeria has lost 96 per cent of its forest due to deforestation, according to the Director-General, Nigerian Conservation Foundation (NCF), Dr Muhtari Aminu-Kano. He said the country currently has only four per cent of its original forest cover. “About 96 per… September 2, 2018 In "News"