The Resident Electoral Commissioner for Akwa-Ibom State, Mike Igini on Wednesday said local government elections in Nigeria are nothing but organised crime. Igini who disclosed this during his appearance on Channels Television’s Politics Today, accused state governors of interfering in the conduct of the polls at the grassroots. “Local government elections are nothing but organised crime. They should not be calling them elections at all,” he said. “Look at the Local Government system in Nigeria. We have lost 774 local governments in Nigeria to every sitting governor of the 36 states in Nigeria. “What constitutes free, fair and credible elections with respect to INEC-conducted election is different from the local government.”  Igini also reiterated the commitment of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to deploy more technology and innovation to further enhance the transparency of the electoral process. According to him, the use of its public viewing portal during the governorship elections in Edo and Ondo States eradicated possible electoral fraud as Nigerians saw the results of each polling unit online almost immediately after casting their ballots. “I can confirm that INEC has made tremendous progress. The INEC of today is no longer the INEC of before because, since 2011, the kind of elections that we have conducted had a remarkable departure from where we used to be even though we are not where we are supposed to be. “The INEC public viewing portal is a new innovation to deal with the recurring issues of vote changes at the level of collation and that was why it was introduced to ensure that at the polling unit, once the result is published, it should be sent to the viewing portals so that Nigerians can see it,” Igini added. Channels TV By Sunday Bassey   Uyo -   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), says it has discovered 19 illegal polling units in Akwa Ibom. The Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC), Mr Mike Igini, made the disclosure at Enlarged Stakeholders’ Forum in Uyo in Monday. The REC said that the illegal polling… August 6, 2018 In "Politics" By Sunday Bassey Uyo - Thirty seven Governorship Candidates in Akwa Ibom on Wednesday signed peace accord to ensure peaceful conduct of the forthcoming election in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the event was organised by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for candidates seeking… February 6, 2019 In "Politics" By Sunday Bassey   Uyo,       -       Mr Mike Igini, INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in Akwa Ibom says 2,045 Permanent Voters Cards (PVCs) stolen in the Okobo Local Government Area of the state has been reproduced. Igini, an interactive session with newsmen in Uyo, on Sunday said that the PVC’s would… January 13, 2019 In "Politics"