Gunmen have killed three persons in separate attacks in Kaduna. They killed a driver and caused accidents, which left many injured on Monday night. The bandits were however repelled by security operatives from kidnapping any of the travellers. But they regrouped around 2:00am on Tuesday and descended on Maigiginya community in Igabi local government area, killing two persons and injuring two others. They proceeded to along Zaria-Funtua Road in Giwa local government in the early hours of Tuesday where security forces repelled them. Kaduna Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, who confirmed the three attacks in a statement, said many of the bandits escaped into the forest with gunshot wounds. According to him: “The Kaduna State Government has been informed that troops of the Operation Thunder Strike (OPTS) late Monday night successfully repelled armed bandits on the Kaduna-Abuja Road. “The armed bandits appeared along the pipeline axis of Kakau general area in an attempt to strike, when troops engaged and repelled them with superior fire power. “Many of the bandits escaped into the forest with gunshot wounds, having been denied freedom of action. “When troops cleared the road for traffic, it was discovered that a driver was hit by the bandits who were fleeing the location. “Also, two buses ran into a ditch resulting in injuries to some passengers, who were rushed to the hospital by the security operatives. “The government was also briefed that the armed bandits, in frustration at being denied freedom of action, attacked Maiginginya village in Igabi local government area at around 3am and killed two persons, Nasiru Yahaya and Isah Bature. They also injured the duo of Magaji Goma and Zurkhalaini Alhassan. “Similarly, the government was briefed that security agencies foiled a bandit attack in the early hours of today along Zaria-Funtua Road in Giwa local government. “Two citizens were rescued and rushed to Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital, Shika. Operatives are still carrying out aggressive patrols in the general area. “The government sent its condolences to the families of the deceased, and prayed for the repose of their souls, while wishing the injured speedy recovery.” The Nation