The eagerly-awaited GOtv Boxing Night 21 to be held Friday at the Rowe Park Sports Centre, Lagos, will be broadcast live on SuperSport Select 2 (channel 34). The coming edition of Africa’s premier boxing show will be held behind closed doors in compliance with COVID-19 protocols, as seen across the globe where fans are yet to return to venues of sporting events as advised by health authorities. Despite the restriction on attendance, Flykite Productions, organizers of the event have assured fans that they will not miss a minute of action, as the event will be transmitted live on SuperSport. This was also confirmed by John Ugbe, Chief Executive Officer, MultiChoice Nigeria, who stated that while everyone is excited at the resumption of sporting activities, it is important that the advice of the health authorities is heeded to curtail the spread of the deadly virus. Scheduled to fight on the day are some of the biggest names in Nigerian boxing. They include former African Boxing Union (ABU) welterweight champion, Olaide “Fijaborn” Fijabi; West African Boxing Union (WABU) lightweight champion, and Rilwan “Real One” Oladosu; WABU welterweight champion, Rilwan “Baby Face” Babatunde. (The Nation) By Babatunde Ogunrinde   Lagos   -        Remi Aboderin, President, West African Boxing Union (WABU), on Tuesday extolled Multichoice Nig. Ltd., the organisers of GOtv Boxing Night, saying the company had taken boxing to another level. Aboderin told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that… December 12, 2018 In "News" By Babatunde Ogunrinde Lagos - The organisers of the GOtv Boxing Night extravaganza on Tuesday said that the 18th edition of the boxing show would hold in Ibadan on April 21 to celebrate he Easter. Jenkins Alumona, the Chief EXecutive Officer (CEO) of Flykite Productions, told newsmen in Lagos that… April 2, 2019 In "Sports" By Babatunde Ogunrinde Lagos - Ghanaian welterweight boxer Eden Biki will now take on reigning West African Boxing Union (WABU) champion Rilwan “Babyface” Babatunde of Nigeria at GOtv Boxing Night 19 on July 14. Biki was chosen for the bout after Daniel Lartey, the Ghanaian earlier scheduled to face Babatunde,… June 19, 2019 In "Sports"