The Senator representing Borno South Senatorial District, Ali Ndume has taken back some of the words he said during the administration of former President, Goodluck Jonathan.  Recall that he was a critic of the government under Jonathan. The lawmaker spoke on Saturday at Apo legislative quarters, Abuja, during the Grand Opening of Dr. PhysiQ Specialist Center for Wellness and Medical Lifestyle Change, and launching of a book titled: ‘Everything heals” authored by Dr. Susana Adams, the CEO of the Centre. Ndume also stated that his recent detention at Kuje prison and subsequent release from the custody was the will of God, saying that “as God wants it, that I must be here, because I was just released from detention yesterday night (Friday), maybe God wants me to attend this occasion, otherwise, I would have been in Kuje prison up till now.” Jonathan, who was the chairman of the occasion later inspected the new Wellness Centre, and was accompanied by the former of Minister of Information, Labaran Maku; the veteran journalist, Eugenia Abu, among other dignitaries. Speaking before the inspection, the Borno Senator said other people who were skeptical about the ex-president’s behaviour have also realised how great he is, adding that many Nigerians don’t value what they have until they lose it. The Borno Senator’s remark is coming a few days after the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressives Congress, Mai Mala Buni, and some APC governors visited the ex-President. Daily Trust had reported how the visit generated a lot of ripples between the ruling APC and the main opposition People’s Democratic Party. “I must confess, as people call me stubborn person, I’m also a stubborn person… I feel I need to make this testimony here, and also appreciate Mr. (Former) President, as they say you will never know what you have until you lose it. I will stop there. “For this country, I think Nigerians know that they don’t value what they have until they lose that thing. We thank God for your life and you have changed the political culture and landscape of this country. “You don’t know how great you are in the eyes of those that were skeptical, those that don’t know you, those that didn’t come close to you. But now, honestly, I am one of those that used to criticize you very well, but I will say it was constructive move,” the lawmaker said. Speaking further, Ndume recalled how people working with the former President accused him of sponsoring Boko Haram and how he was vindicated by the court after 6 years of litigations. The Senator said, “I had a breakfast with him (Jonathan) on 21st November (2011) and I was accused of sponsoring Boko Haram. He was saying, ‘Kai’ the man doesn’t… I don’t think the security would see it that way and from there, I went to SSS and I was detained for 30 days. I went to court for 6 years. “And when I was vindicated, I had the opportunity to run to meet him, and he said, Ndume, you have been patient and God has vindicated you. Take this as part of blessings from the Almighty. He was genuinely speaking to me, and I believed in that. “He wanted to be President but Nigeria being what it is, it was a different thing entirely. Like I said, he had left a landmark on this country.”  Source