Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, has cautioned members of the Airlines Operators of Nigeria, against accusing his ministry and aviation regulatory agencies for the unfavourable operating environment and decline in their profits.  Sirika gave the caution at the Senate during the closing session of a three-day public hearing on the six executive bills to restructure the aviation sector. The minister was reacting to claims by the AON that unfavourable business environment was caused by poor government policies as they affect the sector. The Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Overland Airways, Captain Edward Boyo, had in his presentation held the aviation regulatory agencies responsible for the woes of the operators. Boyo said the Nigerian Civil Aviation Agency was charging exorbitant fees. He said undue taxation by NCAA in connivance with the Ministry of Aviation was responsible for high aviation fare while the agency was indifferent to standards and efficiency. He warned that the local airlines were victims of obsolete legislation and further sought for protection of the parliament through positive legislations to prevent local airlines operators from going into extinction. The aviation minister however attributed the decline in fortunes of the indigenous airline operators to poor capital outlay, business plans and governance structure. He said, “The airports must be run for profit, not charity. “To explain why the airlines are failing are business plans and failure of their CEOs; you don’t blame their inefficiency on us.”   Abuja  -  The Minister of State, Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, has assured operators of domestic airlines in Nigeria of the determination of the Federal Government to address their challenge of lack foreign exchange (FOREX). Sirika gave the assurance on Monday when members of Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON) led by… June 6, 2016 In "Business" The Senate on Monday rejected the plan by the Federal Government to give N5bn bailout to the operators of the aviation sector following the losses they suffered as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.     The Chairman, Senate Committee on Aviation, Senator Smart Adeyemi, had at the opening of… November 3, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja -  The Minister of State for Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, says the Federal Government will improve the economic and operational viability of the nation’s international airports to encourage the international airlines. This is contained in a statement by Mr James Odaudu, Deputy Director, Press and Public Affairs, Office of… August 1, 2016 In "News"