DJ Switch has said Lai Mohammed is totally misinformed. Recall that Mohammed, who is Nigeria’s Minister of Information and Culture had some days ago said soldiers didn’t kill any protester at Lekki toll gate. He called report by CNN detailing how soldiers killed protesters at Lekki toll gate ‘fake news’. The popular Disk Jockey has been in the limelight since she live streamed the October 20th, 2020 shooting of peaceful protesters by security agents at the Lekki Toll Plaza. Speaking at a press conference on Thursday November 19, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said DJ Switch was one of the purveyors of fake news and disinformation during and after the #EndSARS protest. ”Even when she claimed to have authentic evidence of mass killings, surprisingly, instead of presenting whatever evidence she may have to the judicial panel of inquiry into the protest, she chose to escape from the country under the pretext that her life was in danger. I ask: in danger from whom? The military has come out to say they never sought after her. To the best of our knowledge, the police never declared her wanted. Her conduct thus becomes suspicious. Who is she fronting for? What is her real motive? Who are her sponsors? If she has any evidence of killings, why is she not presenting it to the panel? If she was so desperate for asylum in any country, does she have to resort to blatant falsehood to tarnish the image of the country just to achieve her aim’’? he said Reacting to his statement, DJ Switch on Twitter wondered why he was so misinformed about the happenings, as she reiterated that the truth can be very stubborn. She wrote: Hw can a “minister of information” be so “misinformed”?The only believable thing about him, is his name…Lai Unfortunately sir,the truth is a very stubborn thing! Tnk u all 4 ur well wishes & prayers.Its nt bn easy 4 me bt d need 2 #SoroSoke is more important than their bullying Hw can a “minister of information” be so “misinformed”?The only believable thing about him, is his name…Lai Unfortunately sir,the truth is a very stubborn thing!Tnk u all 4 ur well wishes & prayers.Its nt bn easy 4 me bt d need 2 #SoroSoke is more important than their bullying — Dj Switch (@dj_switchaholic) November 24, 2020 Hw can a "minister of information" be so "misinformed"?The only believable thing about him, is his name…Lai Unfortunately sir,the truth is a very stubborn thing!Tnk u all 4 ur well wishes & prayers.Its nt bn easy 4 me bt d need 2 #SoroSoke is more important than their bullying Source