Dubai-based Emirates airline on Thursday posted its first loss in more than three decades, saying it had been badly hit by the coronavirus lockdown that brought air transport to “a literal standstill”.  The Middle East’s largest carrier said it suffered a $3.4 billion loss in the six months to September, forcing it to slash its workforce. “In this unprecedented situation for the aviation and travel industry, the Emirates Group recorded a half-year loss for the first time in over 30 years,” the airline’s chairman and chief executive, Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum said in a statement. “No one can predict the future, but we expect a steep recovery in travel demand once a Covid-19 vaccine is available, and we are readying ourselves to serve that rebound.” The airline, which had to temporarily suspend operations earlier this year before building back its vast network, saw revenue fall 75 percent to $3.2 billion. Over the half-year to September, it carried just 1.5 million passengers, down 95 percent from the same period last year. The carrier said that its bottom line found some support with a “strong cargo business” as it repurposed its fleet to accommodate the need for supplies around the globe, including medical equipment. “As passenger traffic disappeared, Emirates and (air services arm) dnata have been able to rapidly pivot to serve cargo demand and other pockets of opportunity,” Sheikh Ahmed said. “This has helped us recover our revenues from zero to 26 percent of our position same time last year.” The airline has announced several rounds of layoffs, without disclosing numbers. In Thursday’s statement, it said that the Emirates Group’s employee base — which includes ground-handling firm Dnata — “is substantially reduced by 24 percent to an overall count of 81,334 as at 30 September 2020. “This is in line with the company’s expected capacity and business activities in the foreseeable future and general industry outlook,” it said. Before the virus hit, Emirates airline alone employed some 60,000 staff, including 4,300 pilots and nearly 22,000 cabin crew, according to its annual report. Tourism has long been an economic mainstay of Dubai, which welcomed more than 16 million visitors last year. Before the pandemic, the aim was to reach 20 million this year. Previously, Emirates served a global network spanning over 158 destinations in 84 countries. Currently, it flies to 99 destinations. AFP Malaysia Airlines has lost two planes carrying 537 people, in the space of five months. Now, the big question for the carrier's survival is: Will passengers keep taking their flights? Aviation and crisis-management experts say the fate of Malaysia's flagship carrier will hinge on how it weathers what's expected to… July 19, 2014 In "Business" Bankole Bernard For the better part of the month of June, Emirates, one of the friendliest international carriers doing business in Nigeria, withdrew its well-known solidarity. So did a number of other airlines including South African Airways and British Airways. Travel agents could not access the inventories of these airlines… July 15, 2016 In "Opinion" By Ifeoma Okeke Over two years after the Federal Government launched ‘Nigeria Air,’ the country’s supposed National Carrier which never saw the light of day, stakeholders have again counted the project among the failed projects in the aviation industry. Investigations show that Nigeria Air was suspended by the Federal Government… November 1, 2020 In "Top Stories"