Nigeria Medical Association NMA in Cross River State have directed it members to down tools until one of their members, Dr. Godwin Udo is set free by his kidnappers. Chairman of NMA in the state Dr. Innocent Abang told newsmen at the NUJ Press Center that medical doctors have been severally targeted by kidnappers who have been having a field day in their evil act in the state.  He explained that Dr Godwin Udo, of the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital UCTH, was kidnapped on Sunday, November 1, 2020 at his residence in Bateba Street about 7pm. He noted that it is irreconcilable that despite the 6pm to 6am curfew imposed on the state by the state governor, kidnappers can operate freely, driving through several security check points put in place in line with the curfew. The NMA chief noted that the decision to down tools was taken in an emergency meeting on Wednesday, adding that because of the number of times doctors have been kidnapped in the state, decision was taken to down tools anytime it occurs again. He called on the state government to step up her commitment to the security of life and property in the state as the records of kidnapping in the state has gotten out of hand.  Dr. Abang confirmed that the kidnappers have called a relative of the victim to demand for ransom in millions of naira. The Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Irene Ugbo, confirmed that the abduction of the Dr Godwin Udo by hoodlums, but said the command is working round the clock to track down the abductors. The Nation According to Vanguard, medical doctors in Cross River State under the umbrella of Nigerian Medical Association, NMA and Medical Women Association of Nigeria (MWAN) have barricaded the Governor’s Office, Calabar, demanding for the safe and unconditional release of their colleague, Dr. Marcus Inyama that was kidnapped last week. Vanguard reports… July 25, 2019 In "News" By George Odok   Calabar  -      The Cross River branch of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) has called on the state government to declare a state of emergency on security in the state due to the kidnapping of its members. The NMA state Chairman, Dr Effiong Mkpanam and the Secretary,… January 9, 2018 In "News" By George Odok Calabar - The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Cross River chapter, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to declare a state of emergency on security in Cross River. Chairman of NMA in the state, Dr Agam Ayuk, made the call on Friday during a peaceful protest to demand… March 13, 2020 In "Health"