A Fulani herdsman Bappa Alti has been sentenced to death by hanging in Adamawa State. The 24-year-old cattle rearer was sentenced to death by hanging by the Adamawa State High Court sitting in Yola, for killing his five-year-old son for a reward of N1m. The State High Court VII presided over by Justice Fatima Ahmed Tafida, convicted Bappa for causing the death of his son by hitting him with a rearing stick and thereafter chopping off his head with a cutlass. The convict lured his son, Buba, to the farm on July 13, 2013 in Ganji suburb of Gombi Local Government of Adamawa State and beheaded him. When the convict’s father, Alhaji Guza enquired the whereabouts of his grandson, Bappa told him that he left the child behind in the farm and he would return later. Days rolled by and the boy did not return from the farm which made Alhaji Guza to lodge a complaint at the Gombi divisional police station where a search party was commissioned. The search led to the discovery of the beheaded decomposing body of Buba under a tree in the farm covered with leaves. Baffa was later arrested and on interrogation, he claimed that one Alhaji Sange Hassan, told him to bring a human head for N1 million. He confessed to committing the act, saying he intended using the money to raise the status of his father, mother and his family. Alhaji Hassan, however, denied the allegation, insisting that it was a set up aimed at blackmailing his person. (Daily Independent) An Ekiti State High Court on Thursday sentenced a 25-year-old man, Mohamodu Haruna, to death by hanging for cutting a fellow herdsman to death with a cutlass. Delivering judgment in the murder case in Ado-Ekiti, Justice Adekunle Adeleye said “there are no surrounding circumstances that destroyed the cogency of the… August 6, 2020 In "News" By Henry Ojelu •Convicted Prince Oyekan and accomplice LAGOS - Prince Adewale Oyekan, son of the late Oba of Lagos, Oba Adeyinka Oyekan, was Monday sentenced to death by an Ikeja high court, Lagos State, over the murder of a 62-year-old businesswoman and member of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP,… December 17, 2019 In "News" By Opeyemi Aremu-Gbemiro Ado Ekiti - A High Court on Monday in Ado Ekiti sentenced a 26-year-old, Dele Ojo, to death by hanging for killing a farmer. Delivering judgment, Justice Abiodun Adesodun, said, “the circumstances of this case do not allow for recommendation of clemency to the governor on behalf… August 17, 2020 In "News"