The Independent National Electoral Commission on Monday, November 9, 2020, confirmed the resignation of a National Commissioner, Abubakar Nahuche. His resignation came barely a few minutes after the INEC chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, handed over to Air Vice Marshall Ahmed Mu’azu (retd.), to oversee the affairs of the commission pending the confirmation of his reappointment by the Senate. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman (Information and Voter Education Committee), Festus Okoye, confirmed the resignation in a message. He said, “INEC National Commissioner and chairman, Estate, Works and Transport Committee, representing North-West, Abubakar Nahuche, resigned his appointment on personal reasons and the President has accepted his resignation and thanked him for his services to the nation.” A PUNCH report noted that five National Commissioners also retired during the handover ceremony held at the Conference Rome at INEC Headquarters, Abuja. They are Hajiya Amina Zakari, Prof. Antonia Taiye Okoosi-Simbine, Alhaji Baba Shettima Arfo, Dr. Mohammed Mustafa Lecky, and Prince Adedeji Solomon Soyebi. Meanwhile, a new Resident Electoral Commissioner, Dr. Chukwuemeka Chukwu, representing Abia State, was appointed at the event. Until his appointment, the REC now deployed to Ebonyi State, was a lecturer at the University of Nigerian, Nsukka. Since the onset of the presidential system of government 41 years ago in 1979, Nigeria has had nine chairmen of the electoral umpire under different names, including the Federal Electoral Commission popularly known as FEDECO; National Electoral Commission; National Electoral Commission of Nigeria and INEC in succession. The chairmen were Michael Ani; Victor Ovie-Whiskey; Eme Awa; Humphrey Nwosu; Ephraim Akpata; Abel Guobadia; Maurice Iwu; Attahiru Jega, and now Mahmood Yakubu. During his brief response, AVM Mu’azu said he has accepted the responsibility reposed on him and would discharge his duties with due diligence.(The Punch) By Naomi Sharang Abuja - The Senate on Thursday rejected the nominations of former Speaker of Kwara House of Assembly, Mr Ezekiel Benjamin and Alhaji Saidu Abubakar as Non-Executive Commissioners of the National Communications Commission (NCC). The rejection of the nominees was predicated on the report presented by the Chairman,… November 17, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Friday said it was yet to receive resignation letter from its Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Cross River, Dr Frankland Briyai, who on Thursday announced his resignation. The commission in statement issued by National Commissioner and Chairman Information… August 9, 2019 In "Politics" By Emmanuel OloniruhaAbuja, - Following the resignation of Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Cross River, Mr Frankland Briyai to join partisan politics, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called for a clean up of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The party made the appeal in a statement issued by… August 18, 2019 In "Politics"