 Peter Sutcliffe, the Yorkshire Ripper has lost his life to the ravaging coronavirus.  The serial killer died at precisely 1.10 am on Friday morning after his lungs finally collapsed. Sutcliffe contracted the bug on November 7 in prison. He was put in isolation and monitored closely but refused any treatment for coronavirus. A Prison Service spokesman said: “HMP Frankland prisoner Peter Coonan (born Sutcliffe) died in hospital on 13 November. “The Prisons and Probation Ombudsman has been informed.” Sutcliffe had spent almost 40 years locked up in Broadmoor and prison for murdering 13 women and attempting to kill seven others between 1975 and 1980. His five-year reign of terror in the north of England led to one of the biggest police manhunts of the 20th century. Confessing to cops after his eventual arrest, Sutcliffe notoriously claimed he was “a beast” driven on “by a devil” inside him. A source of his final moments told TheSun UK that: “No tears were shed. “His death was as pitiful as the vile life he had lived.” It is understood no formal cause of death has yet been established.  Source London     -     Gambia’s finance ministry has appointed advisers to help put its debt on a “sustainable path,” the finance ministry said on Monday. Gambia has been facing a heavy debt burden with the International Monetary Fund warning the country against any new borrowing after its debt reached 130 per cent… December 17, 2018 In "Foreign" The number of deaths from Covid-19 in the past 24 hours is 832, it emerged this morning. It beats the previous Spanish record of 769 coronavirus deaths which was announced on Friday. Spain has registered a new record number of coronavirus deaths in a single-day period. Pictured: Field hospital in… March 28, 2020 In "News" A pregnant nurse and a father-of-two hospital consultant have died after catching coronavirus - bringing the death toll of NHS workers to 44. The nurse died on Sunday aged 28 after undergoing an emergency caesarean to deliver and save her baby daughter. While father-of-two Dr Peter Tun, 62, died in… April 15, 2020 In "Foreign"