Ethiopia’s Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed says government forces are now “fully in control” of the regional capital of the northern Tigray region. The army earlier entered Mekelle as it stepped up its offensive against the Tigray People’s Liberation Front. The leader of the TPLF told Reuters it would continue to “defend our right to self-determination” and “fight these invaders to the last”. Hundreds have been killed and thousands displaced in the conflict. It began earlier this month after Mr Abiy announced an operation against the TPLF, the regional party, accusing it of attacking the Ethiopian army’s northern command HQ in Mekelle. What has the government said about Tigray?In a statement on Twitter, Mr Abiy said the army was in full control and that this “marks the completion of the [military’s] last phase”. “I am pleased to share that we have completed and ceased the military operations in the Tigray region,” he said. The army had released thousands of soldiers taken by the TPLF and was in control of the airport and regional offices, Mr Abiy said, adding that the operation had been carried out with “due care for citizens”. There have been fears for the 500,000 people living in the city. Mr Abiy said: “We now have ahead of us the critical task of rebuilding what has been destroyed… [and] returning those who have fled.” Details of the fighting are hard to confirm because all phone, mobile and internet communications with the Tigray region have been cut. (BBC) Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed says he is launching the "final phase" of the army's operation in the northern region of Tigray after weeks of fighting. He said the military would try not to harm civilians in the regional capital Mekelle - a city of 500,000 people - and urged… November 27, 2020 In "Foreign" Ethiopia's prime minister has given forces in the northern region of Tigray 72 hours to surrender as government troops advance on the capital, Mekelle. Abiy Ahmed told Tigrayan leaders they were "at a point of no return". The Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which controls the mountainous region, has vowed… November 23, 2020 In "Foreign" Residents of Ethiopia's northern Tigray region have been ordered to mobilise by authorities who say they must "defend" themselves from "flagrant aggression" from the federal government. Fears are growing of civil conflict in the east African country. Ethiopian PM Abiy Ahmed earlier rejected a request for peace talks from the… November 12, 2020 In "Foreign"