individuals, corporate and religious bodies including the Christ Embassy, Think Nigeria First Initiative, Uche Sylva International, Stanel Groups, KYC Holding, among others.  However, the Christian Association of Nigeria and the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, in separate interviews with one of our correspondents, noted that the directive was in the interest of the country and that they had always relied on the protection from God and not man.  Other persons on the IG’s list included Sen Lado Yakubu, Yuguda Bashir, Uche Chukwu, Senator Borofice Ajayi, Mutiu Nicholas, Senator Tokunbo Afikuyomi, Edozie Madu, David Adesanya, Chris Giwa, Chief Godwin Ekpo, Chief Pius Akinyelure and others. This was contained in a letter with reference number CB: 4001/IGP.SEC/ABJ/VOL.116/32 dated November 4, addressed to Commissioners of Police, Police Mobile Force, Special Protection Unit and all Commissioners of Police in the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory by the IG. The police boss had in a police wireless message dated October 21, 2020, addressed to all state commissioners of police ordered them to immediately withdraw the personnel attached to individuals, warning that “any commander who violates this order would bear the consequences.” But in the latest directive signed by the Principal Staff Officer to the IGP, DCP Idowu Owohunwa, on November 4, the police authorities listed the names of VIPs affected by the withdrawal of orderlies. The letter titled, “Immediate withdrawal of police personnel attached to unentitled corporate entities/individuals,” read in part, “The attention of the IGP has been drawn to the fact that the police personnel attached to the corporate bodies and personalities are yet to be withdrawn despite extant directives to that effect. “In line with the subsisting order, the IG directs that you withdraw all the PMF, SPU, CTU, or conventional police operations attached to the affected companies or individuals in any of their locations across the country with immediate effect.” Meanwhile, CAN’s General Secretary, Joseph Daramola, noted that the directive would make the police to spread their net, adding that adequate security should be for all Nigerians not for a segment of the country or some individuals. Also, the National Publicity Secretary of PFN, Bishop Emmah Isong, pointed out that while the directive was understandable, announcing the withdrawal to the world has security implications. Also, the immediate past Director (Legal and Public Affairs), CAN, Kwamkur Samuel, said, “Though the reason for the withdrawal of security personnel from some prominent Nigerians including senior clerics in Nigeria is undisclosed, the selective withdrawal of the personnel is a sign that something must have gone wrong in the relationship between the police force and the selected individuals.” MAKURDI -  Former Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Alhaji Abubakar Tsav, on Thursday advised the new police management team to insulate self from politics and strive to restore professionalism in the force. Giving the advice in Makurdi in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Tsav said it… August 21, 2014 In "Features" The Nigeria Police Force has apologised to Chief Edwin Clark over the unauthorised raid of his residence in Abuja by four policemen. The Force spokesman, Ag. DCP Jimoh Moshood, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja, The four police men on Tuesday, illegally raided the Abuja residence of… September 5, 2018 In "Top Stories" The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu has said members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) popularly known as Shiites will be treated as terrorists in line with a court order. The IGP also described the activities of the group as a calculated attempt targeted at plunging Nigeria into… July 30, 2019 In "News"