Two men have met their untimely deaths in the hands of an angry mob after crushing school children to death in Ebonyi. It was gathered that the driver and conductor of a water truck after their vehicle crushed five children to death in Ebonyi, were pursued and caught before being lynched by an angry mob. Spokesperson of the Ebonyi State Police Command, DSP Loveth Odah, who confirmed the development on Thursday, November 5, said that the incident happened at Onu Nworiegu in Oshiri, Onicha Local Government Area of the state on Monday, November 2. “On Monday through a distress call, the DPO of Onicha was contacted that an accident happened killing five school children and angry youths attacked the driver and killed him. The driver, Ewa Innocent, is from Ameka Ikwo while the conductor, Ojim Danis, is from Agharazo, Iyiemgu Izzi.” Odah said in a statement. It was gathered that the water truck allegedly belongs to a company known as C- Sagas project Nigeria Limited. The children from Amaokpara village in Oshiri were said to be returning home from St Michaels school when the truck ran over them on the road. It was further learnt the driver fled immediately after the incident but youths of the area chased and caught up with the truck at Onicha Igbeze, a neighbouring community. Odah said the children, the bus driver and conductor were confirmed dead by a doctor in the hospital. Their corpses were recovered and deposited at Onicha general hospital. Odah urged motorists to drive more carefully during the ember months. “The CP is mourning and commiserates with the family. I want to warn road users to drive with care because this is ember month. We have lost a lot this year,” she said. See photos below: Source Tragedy struck on Tuesday at Oshiri in Onicha local government area of Ebonyi State as five school children of St Michaels Schools, Oshiri were crushed to death by a water tanker. The accident happened at Onu Nworie Egu Oshiri involving a water tanker alledgly belonging to C- Sagas project Nigeria… November 5, 2020 In "Health" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has confirmed the death of a middle-aged man in an auto crash that occurred on Sunday in Abakaliki. Mr Sunday Iyamah, Ebonyi FRSC Sector Commander, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abakaliki, that the accident… November 14, 2016 In "Metro" By Egbo Grace, Abakaliki  ABAKALIKI - The Ebonyi State police command has confirmed the death of a 29-year-old mother of four, Mrs Chinasa Odah, from Inikiri Effium, Ohaukwu local government area of Ebonyi State, who administered drug for abortion giving to her by his suspected boyfriend, one Mgbada. According to… August 30, 2019 In "Metro"