FORMER President Olusegun Obasanjo said the alliance of his former deputy, Atiku Abubakar with late Dr Alex Ekwueme during the 2003 presidential primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party collapsed after Ekwueme was defeated at the poll.  Obasanjo said this in Ibadan on Thursday at the public presentation of ‘Amazing Grace’, a biography of former Oyo State Governor, Chief Adebayo Alao-Akala. Obasanjo, who was the chairman on the occasion, gave the explanation to correct an aspect of the book, where the author claimed that Atiku backed down before the primary poll.  He said, “Again, Atiku did not back down as you claimed until Alex Ekwueme was defeated at the primary of PDP in 2003, as Atiku’s agreement with Ekwueme was to be Ekwueme’s running mate and Ekwueme, as President, spending three years and resigning for Atiku to complete the fourth year and then for Atiku to contest election in his own right in 2007. “It was after the result of the primary that Atiku backed down. If you put it that way, it was when there was no other choice.” Obasanjo also faulted the roles played by Alao-Akala in the failure of the South-West to produce the Speaker of the House of Representatives, which Aminu Tambuwal eventually won. He said Alao-Akala first proposed Ajibola Muraina and he (Obasanjo) and others accepted him, adding that Alao-Akala later began to lobby for Mulikat Akande, who was eventually defeated by Tambuwal.  Source It is with a great deal of shock and disbelief that I learnt of the sudden transition to eternal glory of Dr. Alex Ifeanyichukwu Ekwueme, GCON, a former Vice President of Nigeria and someone who could rightly be said to be one of the great leaders and founders of the… January 29, 2018 In "Opinion" Former President Olusegun Obasanjo said on Friday that former Vice President Atiku Abubakar should not count on him for support in his latest bid to actualise his life-long ambition of being elected the president of Nigeria. The former president, one of the most influential of his living peers, hinged his… August 4, 2018 In "Top Stories" 2019: Go and settle with your God, not me – Ex-VP Atiku Abubakar replies Obasanjo     Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and his erstwhile deputy, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, clashed, again, yesterday, after the former, said God will not forgive him if he supports Atiku’s presidential bid ahead of 2019 elections.… August 5, 2018 In "Top Stories"