The last words of a young and promising Nigerian woman murdered in Anambra have been made public. The family members of Chinasa Sofia Nkwegu made her last words public. She was murdered over the past weekend in Anambra state after being abducted by her killers. The late Chinasa was found dead and dumped inside a drainage at Odikpi Village, along Osumenyi/Akwaihedi Road in Osumenyi Town, Nnewi South Local Government Area of the state. Her family said her last words was her telling them over the phone that she didn’t know where she was being taken to by some persons. Her family members disclosed this when they visited Nnewi South TC Chairman, Hon. Chieloka Henry Okoye on Tuesday, November 17, at the Secretariat in Ukpor. Recall that when Nkwegu’s body was found, her mouth was gagged while her hands and legs were tied with rope. The corpse was first spotted on Saturday evening, November 7. According to Comr George Moore, the Special Assistant to the LG Chairman, the deceased was a native of Ebonyi State, but resided with her mother at Obosi; Idemili North Local Government Area of the state and was a staff of Jennytex Intergrated Services with head office at Onitsha. According to the deceased’s uncle, Mr Damian, she left for work as usual on Thursday morning, November 5 but never returned. The last that was heard of her was on phone when she said she didn’t know where she was being taken to. “Security Agencies are on top of the matter in identifying what led to the death of Miss Chinasa Nkwegu and will bring the perpetrators to book. Further information from the public will be appreciated for the sake of justice for late Miss Chinasa Nkwegu,” said Comr. George Moore. Source Kidnapper Evans Father Alleges: My Wife Destroyed My Son And Ruined My Family June 17, 2017 In "Top Stories" Mrs Rita Onyebuchi, 31, was recently found dead in her home with deep cuts and bruises on her body after being absent from work for a couple of days. Her husband of two months, Ikechukwu Atansi, popularly called Agbada, has been arrested by the police. The deceased’s younger brother, Johnpaul… April 12, 2020 In "News" By Eric Ikhilae The killing of a senior government official in her hotel room in South Africa has reignited calls for stiffer measures against the country and its interests in Nigeria, writes Eric Ikhilae. The yet-to-be explained death, in the earlier hours of June 13, of another Nigerian in South… July 16, 2019 In "Features"