The Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday commenced the trial of a former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina, in his absence.  Maina, who is being prosecuted by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on N2bn money laundering charges, had last attended court on July 2, 2020, during the cross-examination of the sixth prosecution witness by his legal team. He had however failed to attend subsequent proceedings since September 29, 2020, prompting the judge, Justice Okon Abang, to adjudge him as having jumped bail in a ruling delivered on November 18, 2020. The judge in the November 18 ruling, revoked the bail earlier granted him, ordered his arrest, and directed that his trial would proceed in his absence. On Monday, the judge ordered the remand of Maina’s bail surety, Senator Ali Ndume, until he is able to produce the fleeing defendant in court or pay the N500m bail bond to the Federal Government. Maina was again absent at the resumed hearing in the case on Tuesday. There was also no lawyer to represent him or his company charged along with him as his second defendant. Following the request of the prosecuting counsel, Mr Mohammed Abubakar, the judge closed the right of Maina to continue cross-examining the sixth prosecution. He also foreclosed the second defendant’s right to cross-examine the witness. The seventh prosecuting witness, Ali Sani, also testified, with defendants and their lawyers unavailable to cross-examine him. The judge, who also closed the defendants’ right to cross-examine the witness, also admitted an exhibit tendered by the prosecuting without any objection. Justice Abang held that the defendants had the opportunity to cross-examine the witnesses and oppose the admissibility of the exhibit tender but failed to take advantage of it. “They have themselves to blame,” the judge repeated each time he had to take a decision closing or foreclosing the defendants’ rights in the course of the trial. As of the time of filing this report on Thursday, the eighth prosecution witness had been invited to the witness box to testify.  Source The Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday gave Senator Ali Ndume 21 days ultimatum to produce the former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina, who has been absent from over 10 scheduled trial sessions since September 2020. Justice Okon Abang, in issuing the ultimatum, ordered… October 19, 2020 In "News" A Federal High Court in Abuja has threatened to penalise Senator Ali Nduma (representing Borno South) should he fail to produce the ex-Chairman, Pension Reformed Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina on October 5. Maina is being prosecuted before the court on offences relating to money laundering. Ndume stood surety for him… October 2, 2020 In "News" The arrest of Abdulrasheed Maina, the former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team, has been ordered by the Federal High Court in Abuja. Abdulrasheed Maina is adjudged to have jumped bail regarding his trial involving N2bn money laundering charges. Justice Okon Abang made the order in Wednesday’s ruling… November 18, 2020 In "News"