Moyosore Onigbanjo SAN, the Lagos Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, has advised the courts to release arrested EndSARS protesters.  Onigbanjo directed the courts to immediately free 253 persons arrested by the Police in connection with the #EndSARS protest in the state, The Nation reports. Onigbanjo said the state’s Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP) had assessed the temporary charges filed against them by the police and found no prima facie evidence that they committed any crime. According to a statement by the Director, Public Affairs in the Ministry of Justice, Kayode Oyekanmi, the Attorney-General explained the Police forwarded 40 case files in respect of 361 persons arrested in connection with the #EndSARS protests to the DPP for Legal Advice, between November 4 and 5, 2020. Onigbanjo said: “Legal advice has been issued in respect of all the 40 case files received, and as at 6th November 2020, the Directorate has been able to despatch Legal Advice in respect of 81 persons that are being charged to the various courts, while others will be despatched to court on Monday, 9th November 2020. “Out of the 361 persons, the Director of Public Prosecutions shall be prosecuting 92 persons for different offences ranging from arson, stealing, breaking into buildings, armed robbery and murder, while the office has advised that 253 persons be released forthwith for non-disclosure of a prima facie case. “In the meantime, two case files in respect of 16 persons have been advised for further investigation by the Police”. The AG assured the public that “the Office of the Attorney General, Lagos State will ensure that those arrested by the police are treated in accordance with due process of law, while it remains committed to maintaining the rule of law and ensuring peace and order in the State”.  Source According to a statement issued on Wednesday, the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), having critically examined the committee’s first phase review and recommendation, has instructed the Directorate of Public Prosecutions (DPP) to immediately file a notice of discontinuance in respect of 566 non-active cases, at the… March 25, 2020 In "News" IKEJA - An Ikeja High Court on Tuesday sentenced three persons to 21 years imprisonment each for robbing one Mr Stephen Ameh of his mobile phone and an some cash. Paul Sunday, 30; Adewale Taofeek, 27; and Shina Shoyeye, 24, were handed the sentences by Justice Adeniyi Onigbanjo. The judge… October 1, 2014 In "News" The trial of alleged kidnap kingpin, Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, alias Evans, was on Friday stalled before the Lagos State High Court in Ikeja due to the absence of the counsel for the second and third defendants in the case. The trial judge, Justice Hakeem Oshodi, expressed disgust at the repeated absence… June 26, 2020 In "News"