Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/ Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressives Congress has dissolved the party’s Executive Committee in Ebonyi State. It has also announced the setting up of a 15 member caretaker executive as replacement. The development followed the defection of the state governor, Dave Umahi, from the Peoples Democratic Party to the APC. This was contained in a statement titled, ‘APC Caretaker Committee Dissolves Ebonyi State Executive Committee…Appoints 15-Member Caretaker Executive,’ signed by the Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Yekini Nabena, in Abuja late on Wednesday. The statement read in part, “The All Progressives Congress Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee has dissolved the Party’s Ebonyi State Working Committee following refusal of factions to withdraw court cases as directed by the 8th resumed meeting of the APC National Executive Committee and submit to internal party resolution mechanisms initiated by the CECPC. “A 15-member caretaker committee has subsequently been appointed by the APC CECPC to manage the Party’s affairs and carry out the planned membership registration, update, and revalidation exercise in Ebonyi State.” The party named Stanley Okoro as the new Chairman. Others are John Nwankata – Vice Chairman (North), Peter Nworie Ndubuisi – Vice Chairman (Central), Ozoemena Njoku – Vice Chairman (South) and Charles Ofoke as Secretary. Other members of the executive include Ogbonnaya Igboke – Organising Secretary, Chidi Ogbuatu – Publicity Secretary, Ikaa Ukeni – Legal Adviser, Chief Paulinus Ali (Zomo) – Treasurer, Chief Joseph Ozibo – Financial Secretary, Ogochukwu David Elem – Youth Leader, Odo Oluchi Juliet – Women Leader, Ogbonna David Nshii – Auditor, Adum Uchenna Basil –Physically Challenged and Francis Obike Nweze – Welfare Secretary. The national leadership of the party appealed to party members in the state to support the new team for it to succeed in its given assignment. (Punch). •Mala Buni ABUJA - The National Working Committee of the ruling All Progressives Congress has been dissolved. The PUNCH learnt that Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni, has been inaugurated to head the APC caretaker committee and chairman extraordinary convention. The decision was taken at the ongoing meeting of the… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Tuesday met with members of the All Progressives Congress Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, led by the Governor of Yobe State, Mr. Mai Mala Buni. At the meeting held behind closed doors at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, the President approved the planned nationwide… November 10, 2020 In "Politics"