Popular Hollywood actor, Jason Momoa, famed for his role in Game of Thrones, Justice League and Aquaman, has revealed that he was completely in debt after his role in HBO’s hit series, Game of Thrones.  “I mean, we were starving after Game of Thrones. I couldn’t get work. It is very challenging when you have babies and you are completely in debt,” the actor revealed in an interview with Instyle.com. Momoa is married to actress Lisa Bonet and they are the parents of two children together. He is also step-dad to actress Zoe Kravitz, Bonet’s daughter with ex-husband, rocker Lenny Kravitz. However, he noted that his fortuned improved in 2016 when he was cast in Justice League. Two years later, he headlined the megahit movie Aquaman. He has got plenty of acting gigs now, including the second season of his Apple TV+ series, “See,” and he also appears in the film “Dune.” Now he’s fully booked until about 2024. Momoa first got into the acting business at 19-years-old when he heard that Baywatch Hawaii was having an open casting call. “So I went down with all my cousins. We just wanted to meet chicks. About 1,300 people showed up.” Offered one of the lead roles, he dropped his plan to study marine biology and became an actor.  Source Max Von Sydows, a Swedish-French actor who appeared in more than 100 European and American tv series has died at the age of 90. The Swedish born actor, well known for his role as the three-eyed raven in Game of Thrones, died in France. Sydow previously married a Swedish actress… March 10, 2020 In "Foreign" Following unending question as to what Nigerian actors earn vis-a-vis their lifestyles, eelive.ng ’s AKINSETAN AKINRELE looks at some of the finest thespians around and what it costs filmmakers to engage them. The dynamics, notwithstanding, may vary the quoted figures below, but this report keeps in bracket the minimum artiste’s… March 25, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Ojonugwa Ugboja (With Agency Report) Nigeria movie industry, Nollywood, has recorded unprecedented growth over the years, and with it has come the reality of actors struggling to keep up with the pace of events. Some actors who once starred on our screens, week-in week-out have all of a sudden… March 17, 2018 In "Features"