Rivers State chapter of the International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) in Rivers State said it received more than 700 complaints of violence against women in two months. FIDA Vice Chairman in Rivers State, Nnenna Ibokwe, disclosed this during a chat at the sidelines of the celebration of this year’s elimination of violence against women in Port Harcourt. Ibokwe decried the increasing trend and urged members of the public to report any case of violence against women in order to discourage the practice and called on various stakeholders in the fight not to rest on their laurels. “In FIDA Rivers, I can say that between the month of August and September we received over 700 cases of violence. Looking at the family, the church, schools, security agencies, government, individuals, Non-Governmental Organizations, all stakeholders in this fight. “I want us to also understand that when you see any act of violence, it is your duty to respond and save that person because you don’t know who is next. FIDA will continue to stand for all the children, women, and other vulnerable persons to ensure that violence is eradicated from our society,” she added. Punch …  Constitution Has Failed The Girl Child ! Says FIDA Abuja Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the 16 days campaign against gender based violence continues to heat up, teenagers and preteens in Abuja have been urged to speak out against rape and other violent behaviours. Admonished never to assume the… December 7, 2019 In "News" By Olasunkanmi Onifade Abuja - International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Nigeria, on Friday, urged the Federal Government to put in place appropriate mechanism and safe spaces for rape victims and survivors of gender-based violence. The Chairperson of FIDA in Abuja, Rekia Adejo-Andrew, said this during a media briefing, as… December 6, 2019 In "News" By Olasunkanmi Onifade Abuja - International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) Nigeria, on Friday, urged the Federal Government to put in place appropriate mechanism and safe spaces for rape victims and survivors of gender-based violence. The Chairperson of FIDA in Abuja, Rekia Adejo-Andrew, said this during a media briefing, as… December 6, 2019 In "News"