Sani Umar Dangaladima, a member of the House of Representatives representing the Kaura-Namoda Federal Constituency of Zamfara State, has appeared in court.  The lawmaker on Wednesday, appeared before the Federal High Court in Abuja having been summoned on Tuesday over the disappearance of Faisal Maina, who is said to have jumped bail. The legislator had stood surety for Faisal, who is being prosecuted by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on money laundering charges. Faisal is a son of a former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina, who is also facing separate charges of money laundering involving about N2bn before the same court. Maina is also said to have jumped bail. The judge, Justice Okon Abang, who is presiding over the two cases, had revoked the bail granted the father and the son, ordered their arrest, and directed that their trials would proceed in absentia. On Monday, Justice Abang sent Maina’s surety, Senator Ali Ndume, to jail over his inability to produce the fleeing defendant. On Tuesday, the judge ordered Faisal’s surety, Dangaladima, to appear in court on Wednesday to show cause why he should not be made to forfeit the N60m bail bond he signed for the defendant. In honour of the summons, Dangaladima appeared before the court on Wednesday. He appeared with his lawyer, Mr M.E Sheriff. But Faisal who has been declared by the judge to be on the run was absent from Wednesday’s proceedings. The judge said he would hear Dangaladima and his lawyer after taking the testimony of the third prosecution witness. Source A Federal High court has ordered the arrest of Faisal Maina, the son of Abdulrasheed Maina. The Court in Abuja on Tuesday revoked Faisal's bail and ordered his arrest over money laundering charges. He was accused of jumping bail. Justice Okon Abang also ordered that his trial on money laundering… November 24, 2020 In "News" By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - The Federal High Court, on Tuesday, admitted Faisal Maina, son of Abdulrasheed Maina, ex-pension reform boss, to a bail in the sum of N60 million. Justice Okon Abang, who gave the ruling, also said the defendant should produce a surety, who must be a member… November 26, 2019 In "News" A Nigerian senator who stood as surety for on-the-run former Chairman of the Pension Reform Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina has been ordered to be remanded in custody. A Federal High Court in Abuja gave the order today for Senator Ali Ndume (Borno South) to be remanded in Kuje correctional… November 23, 2020 In "Politics"