By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The wife of erstwhile President of United States, Michelle Obama has berated Donald Trump over his refusal to set in motion a smooth transition of power following his defeat at the polls. Michelle, in an Instagram post on Monday, weighed in on the refusal of Trump and first lady Melania Trump to move forward with a transition of power. The former First Lady noted that though the process of ceding power to Trump’s family was difficult, she persisted.Recalling the events of 2016, Michelle wrote, “I was hurt and disappointed — but the votes had been counted and Donald Trump had won.“My husband and I instructed our staff to do what George and Laura Bush had done for us: run a respectful, seamless transition of power — one of the hallmarks of American democracy.“None of this was easy for me. Donald Trump had spread racist lies about my husband that put my family in danger. That wasn’t something I was ready to forgive.” The transition processes are yet to commence in the US because Trump, backed by top members of the ruling Republican Party, has refused to concede defeat to Joe Biden of the Democratic Party.Biden scored over 270 to defeat Donald Trump in a tight race to the White House.Biden has since assumed his role as the President-elect, preparing to take over the White House. But Trump has filed a flurry of court cases challenging Biden’s victory, insisting that the election was massively rigged.The President had also expressed the hope of being declared winner of the election, saying results that would be announced would put him ahead of Biden. CLEVELAND - Donald Trump's wife Melania, in her first major political speech on Monday, portrayed her husband as a talented, compassionate and unrelenting leader who would unify rather than divide the country if elected to the White House. The Slovenian-born jewellery designer and former model delivered the speech, part of… July 19, 2016 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -  Former US first lady Michelle Obama says she can “never forgive” Donald Trump for questioning her husband’s American citizenship, saying the president and other “birthers” put her family at risk, in her hotly anticipated new memoir. Obama and Michelle Obama also says she was surprised that… November 9, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Harrison Arubu New York -U.S. Democratic Party has officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, as its candidate for the Nov. 3 presidential election. Joe, whose nomination came on the second day of the party’s virtual National Convention on Tuesday night, will face incumbent President Donald Trump in… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign"