BBNaija’s Vee has gushed over Laycon’s latest music video. The musician and reality star who is very close to Laycon took to Twitter to share her thoughts. Recall that Laycon also featured her boyfriend, Neo in the music video. Vee took to her Twitter page and wrote: “I LOVE IT! I’m so proud of you. I don’t know why watching this video made me emotional. My superstar!”. Laycon released his much anticipated ‘Hip Hop’ video a few moments ago. The song is already topping charts in Africa and Europe due to the number of downloads made after it was first released. It currently stands on top of most music charts. The reality star is hopeful that he will make it to number 1 on billboard soon. Laycon also featured his best friend from the BBNaija house, Neo, in his music video. Laycon hasn’t gone back on words on building his friendship with Neo although he rose to stardom in the entertainment industry. See the post below; I LOVE IT! I’m so proud of you. I don’t know why watching this video made me emotional. My super star! 🌟#HIPHOPSZN ❤️ https://t.co/ZQ0PAuYVAV Laycon, a BBNaija lockdown housemate, has revealed how he was able to cope with Erica and Kiddwaya’s relationship in the house. Laycon made this known last night in a discussion with Neo and Vee. According to him, in order to get over his feelings for Erica, he started seeing her… September 18, 2020 In "News" Big Brother Naija housemate, Erica has during a recent conversation with TolaniBaj and Vee, spoken about her feelings towards Laycon and Kiddwaya. During the conversation, Erica disclosed how she’s mentally attracted to Laycon and physically attracted to Kiddwaya. Erica expressed how she really desires to have a guy with Kidd’s… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment" Dorathy, one of the Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housematea on Tuesday night shared the bed with Laycon. This is the first time both housemates will spend the night on the same bed. In a video making the rounds on social media, Dorathy was seen touching Laycon’s hair and asked him… August 26, 2020 In "Entertainment"