A reporter has been scolded by US President, Donald Trump during an interview.  It happened on November, 26 after the reporter asked him to explain his electoral fraud allegations. Thursday was the first time Trump has taken questions from reporters since the election. Since US media outlets projected Biden as the winner earlier this month, Trump has refused to accept the results, instead pushing conspiracies that his second term is being stolen and launching a legal effort to overturn results. During the tense press exchange, Trump, for the first time stated he will leave the White House if the Electoral College votes for President-elect Joe Biden, but still continued with his voter fraud allegations saying he’s not prepared to concede. “Certainly I will, and you know that,” Trump said when asked by a reporter about leaving the White House if Biden is declared the winner on December 14. “I will and, you know that.” “It’s going to be a very hard thing to concede because we know there was massive fraud,” Trump said. “As to whether or not we can get this apparatus moving quickly — because time isn’t on our side, everything else is on our side, facts are on our side, this was a massive fraud.” The President then added that if Biden is declared the winner, the Electoral College, “made a mistake, cause this election was a fraud.” Pressed by a reporter on his comments, Trump snapped at the reporter. “You are just a lightweight “Don’t talk to me that way. I’m the President of the United States. Don’t ever talk to the president that way,” he said. Watch video below: TRUMP SNAPS AT REPORTER: “You're just a lightweight. Don't talk to me that way. I'm the President of the United States. Don't ever talk to the President that way." pic.twitter.com/ZANKcJuGrm Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Democrat Joe Biden took a huge step Wednesday to capturing the White House, with wins in Michigan and Wisconsin bringing him close to a majority, but President Donald Trump responded with fury as his campaign sued to suspend vote counting.In a brief address on national television,… November 5, 2020 In "Top Stories" US federal election officials have said the 2020 White House vote was the "most secure in American history" - rejecting President Donald Trump's fraud claims. "There is no evidence that any voting system deleted or lost votes, changed votes, or was in any way compromised," the committee announced. They spoke… November 13, 2020 In "News" Donald Trump has said he will leave the White House if Joe Biden is formally confirmed as the next US president by the electoral college. The president has refused to accept defeat in the 3 November vote, and told reporters on Thursday it would be "hard" to concede. He also… November 27, 2020 In "Foreign"