The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and the nation’s security chiefs are currently meeting at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.  Relevant ministers are also attending the National Security Council meeting. Security chiefs in attendance include the Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olonisakin; Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai; Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok Ekwe Ibas; Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall Sadique Abubakar; Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu; Director-General of the National Intelligence Agency, Ahmed Rafa’i Abubakar; and the Director-General of the Directorate of State Services, Yusuf Bichi. The Minister of Police Affairs, Muhammad Dingyadi, disclosed this to State House correspondents at the end of a meeting that the President promised more support for the nation’s security agencies to maintain peace. The minister said, “In his concluding remarks, Mr President thanked members for the efforts they are making in maintains peace and assured members that he will do whatever it takes to support security agencies in providing peace in the country. “Mr President assured Nigerians that he will do whatever it takes to ensure that a repeat of ENDSARS protests does not occur in Nigeria again. “Mr President reassured all that all stakeholders will be involved in the process of maintaining peace in the country, particularly the youth, community leaders, traditional rulers, politicians, public servants, religious leaders etc. “The Federal Government will continue to maintain its bureaucratic, humane and just postures in handling security matters in the country.” When asked if the President’s promise not to allow a repeat of EndSARS protests means his regime will be clamping down on prospective protesters, the minister replied, “What we are saying is that government will continue to dialogue, it will continue to listen and will continue to carry all stakeholders along in ensuring that there is no repeat of what happened that led to the destruction of a lot of properties, public and private, individuals in this country.”  Source President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday thumbed down for heads of security agencies in the country, bemoaning their abysmal performance. He, however, warned heads of security agencies against allowing further descent of the nation’s security, saying he would no longer accept escalation of the security situation in the country. Disclosing this… June 18, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the reengineering of the nation’s entire security apparatus. This is according to the National Security Adviser (NSA), Babagana Monguno. Mr. Monguno briefed journalists on Tuesday after the third National Security Council meeting in 2020 chaired by President Buhari at the Presidential Villa in Abuja. The… August 4, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday presided over routine national security meeting with service chiefs and heads of security agencies in attendance. The closed door meeting, held at the president’s mini conference room at the Presidential Villa, lasted for over three hours. The acting Inspector-General of… March 19, 2019 In "Top Stories"