Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Governor Babagana Umara Zulum has launched a 25 year development plan which is aimed at restoring the age-old honour, dignity, and – prosperity of Borno State which has been ravaged by Boko Haram wars. The plan which will ensure that all citizens and future generations have access to basic necessities and thrive at every stage of their lives, will also incorporate a 10- year strategic transformation plan, with the objective of reaching a self-reliant Borno State with over 70% productive population by 2030.The 25-year Borno State Development Plan (BSDP) which was launched at the Multipurpose Hall of Borno State Government House in Maiduguri, articulates key priorities and action plan for short, medium and long term development drive across all sectors in the state.Honourable Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajiya Zainab Ahmed; Group Managing Director, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mallam Mele Kyari; Honourable Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Social Development; Hon. Sadiya Umar and many others graced the occasion. Speaking at the event, Zulum said part of the recovery plan will ensure relocation and resettlement of all IDPs back to their ancestral communities and all IDP Camps in Maiduguri will be shut down completely at the latest May 2021.He said; We need our partners to support the MDAs that they would work closely with our civil servants. There will be a robust monitoring and evaluation mechanism to track the level of implementation; this administration under my leadership will not allow any individual to sabotage this very good initiative.“I wish to call development partners and good people of Borno state to rally round this good initiative in respective of political operation because this is a development, not politics -this plan represents our future not our fact, Borno state is a state in Nigeria, therefore, our independence is key to all member nations.“Therefore the 25 years development plan is presented not only to the people of Borno state but to the partners, anybody or organizations who is willing to invest in Borno state must follow these plans that is something that is important to all of us.“We are currently having 192 NGOs in Borno State, we welcome all their development, they have been with us through tough and thick, we are grateful unto them, what the Borno government is wishing from them is that they should buy into our development plans, we want to identify who is working in Borno State, we want to know where you are working and what you are doing in Borno State? This is fundamental to us.“The most critical element for us to achieve this is security, we shall strengthen the resilience of our people by empowering them especially the Civilians JTF, Vigilantes and local hunters, to open more communities to ensure their security on our farmers.“We will ensure that all IDPs return to their homes and all IDP Camps in Maiduguri will be closed at the latest May 2021.“We shall ensure the movement of people and goods without escort to Banki and Gomboru in December, we resume fishing activities, like rearing and farming in the shore of Lake Chad especially Ngrow, Marte, Monguno, Baga, Damasak, Mallam Fantori, Damboa among others will take place next year. We shall ensure the reopening of Damboa road, all key towns have to reopen on or before 31th of this month,” By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno, has visited Niger Republic to discuss modalities for safe and dignified repatriation of 120, 000 refugees. Isa Gusau, the Special Adviser to the governor on Public Relations and Strategy, made the disclosure in a statement on Sunday in Maiduguri. Gusau… February 16, 2020 In "Politics" The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Farouq, has directed the staff of her ministry to embark on solidarity fast with the government and people of Borno state. The fast, which is slated for today, is aimed at ending the activities of Boko Haram members… February 24, 2020 In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - The Federal Government said it has adopted proactive measures to review the counter insurgency operation to ensure total eradication of the remnant of Boko Haram insurgents hibernating in parts of the northeast. The Minister of Defence, Maj.-Gen. Salihi Magashi (rtd), stated this when he paid… December 17, 2019 In "News"