The Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy has facilitated virtual public engagement on the draft Nigeria Mobile Data policy prepared by the National Technical Working Group (NTWG). The virtual meeting which involves numerous stakeholders sure as Mobile Network Operators (MNOs), security agencies, academia and Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) held recently. In his welcome address, the Permanent Secretary, Federal \Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, Mr. Musa Istifanus stated that the objective of the National Mobile Big Data Analytics Program is to enable diverse stakeholders within and outside Nigeria to derive value from the large volume of Mobile Positioning Data (MPD) which is in the custody of the Licensed Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) in Nigeria. According to him, “Mobile Big Data possess massive benefits for the public good, including arming statistical bodies with new statistical data and insights. The Ministry has taken steps towards realizing these benefits by setting up a National Technical Working Group (NTWG) to articulate a roadmap for the development and use of MPD for official statistics as well as other benefits”. He said the draft policy prepared by the National Technical Working Group (NTWG) on the Mobile Big Data under auspices of the National Mobile Big Data Analytics Program of the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy (FMC&DE) which membership includes regulators, MNOs, security agencies and several Ministries, Departments, and Agencies (MDAs) that will benefit from the results of mobile big data analytics. In his contribution, the representative of Airtel, Mr. Ifeloju Alakija commended the Ministry for initiating the policy which would help diversify Nigeria Gross Domestic Product (GDP) urging the committee to expand and broaden the scope to include the Over the Top (OTT) player, Banks, Universities, and MDAs.Mr. Anas Galadima (MTN) praised the Ministry for its foresight in the development of the policy that would improve the sector adding that its organization is excited that the government is moving at a speed of light to respond to emerging technology. The representative of the Nigeria Governor Forum (|NGF), Mr. Heman Bassi stated that the forum is more concerned about the poor and vulnerable and how to access them and use data to capture their details. By Chima Akwaja As the federal government forges ahead with its National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy (NDEPS), CHIMA AKWAJA looks at the spectrum requirements necessary for the telecommunications regulator, to drive Nigeria’s digital economy realisation. Spectrum is the licensable electronic magnetic band property, which telecommunication operators need to be… March 22, 2020 In "Business" SPEECH BY THE EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN/CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE NIGERIAN COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION (NCC), PROF. UMAR GARBA DANBATTA, FNSE, FAEng., FRAES, FNIEEE, AT THE INTERACTIVE SESSIONWITH MEDIA CHIEFS AND NEWS EDITORS ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 2020   I am indeed very delighted to be with you at this exclusive first… September 9, 2020 In "Technology" …Says Banks Owe Telcoms N17bn By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta has said that ninety-eight per cent (98%) of the total service-related complaints received from telecoms consumers within a 15-month period, spanning January 2019 to April 2020,… August 7, 2020 In "News"