 The Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, has said none of the 37 orientation camps of the National Youth Service Corps would be shut down should one corps member test positive to COVID-19. According to him, prevention, detection and prompt response remained critical factors for the safe reopening of camps. He stated this ahead of the nationwide reopening of NYSC orientation camps on Tuesday, November 10, 2020. A statement issued on Sunday by the NYSC Director (Press and Public Relations), Adenike Adeyemi, said Ihekweazu gave the conditions during a webinar held for the 2020 Batch ‘B’ prospective corps members getting ready for orientation course. He hinted of the preparedness of NCDC to collaborate with the NYSC in order to ensure that no corps member comes in testing positive to COVID-19 when camping resumes. Ihekweazu said, “All the prospective corps members and camp officials shall undergo COVID-19 test in order to ascertain their health status and in the event of a prospective corps member testing positive, corps members should not panic as adequate measures have been put in place in all the NYSC camps to manage such case. “No camp will be shut down as a result of one testing positive to COVID-19. Rather, care and support will be given to the victim, no one should be stigmatised.” He commended the Director- General of the NYSC, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim, for his passion for youths, exemplified by his tenacity of purpose which facilitated the approval for the NYSC to resume normal operations. Ihekweazu said that COVID-19 curve has continued to flatten in the country, counseling that it eas not yet uhuru. He said the prospective corps members should exercise caution as the deadly Coronavirus was still around. The NCDC DG said it had been a trying time for the country, but expressed happiness that the challenge has brought the NYSC and NCDC together to work in partnership for the common good of the country. He challenged the participants to be the leader the country needs at this critical time. Ibrahim praised the NCDC DG and his team for working tirelessly to safeguard the health of the nation, stating that there will be zero tolerance for risky behaviours that will compromise the health of the camps. He thanked the NCDC Chief Executive over the donation of Personal Protection Equipment to the NYSC, pledging to put them to good use. Ibrahim appealed to the webinar participants to eschew fake news and encouraged them to always approach the camp management for clarification on issues of interest.  Source By Franca Ofili Abuja - The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) says it has embarked on measures that will ensure safety and efficient operations post COVID-19 restrictions on socio-economic activities in the country. Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, the Director, Press and Public Relations of NYSC, said this in a statement in… June 10, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has ordered compulsory COVID-19 tests for all prospective corps members. It had earlier announced the reopening of all National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) orientation camps from November 10, 2020. National Coordinator of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Sani Aliyu, stated this during a briefing in Abuja… October 15, 2020 In "News" For safe re-opening of the National Youth Service Corps orientation camps across the country, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control has said all corps members will be tested using the new antigen-based test.     The centre disclosed that the process of procurement of the antigen-based test was almost complete.… November 4, 2020 In "Education"