In what will come across as a rather startling development, some NYSC members have tested positive for coronavirus.  According to The Nation, no fewer than eight members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) posted to Wailo orientation camp in the Ganjuwa Local Government Area of Bauchi have tested positive for coronavirus. Also, two more persons have died of suspected yellow fever, raising the number of deaths so far recorded at 10 since the disease outbreak last week. Information Officer of Bauchi Primary Healthcare Agency, Ibrahim Sani, disclosed these in a statement. He said chairman of the agency, Dr Rilwanu Mohammed, has instructed a surveillance team to carry out sample collection and investigation of all corp members undergoing training in the camp to avoid de-escalation. He added a holding room has since been allocated by the State Director of the NYSC for those that are suspected to be positive cases. On yellow fever, the statement said Commissioner of Health and the Executive Chairman of the agency have activated various response teams of state and local government level. It stated further it has also conducted series of meetings to underscore the magnitude of the emerging new cases. Source The Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, has said none of the 37 orientation camps of the National Youth Service Corps would be shut down should one corps member test positive to COVID-19. According to him, prevention, detection and prompt response remained critical factors for the safe… November 8, 2020 In "Education" COVID-19: No Positive Cases of Coronavirus in NYSC Camps- Spokesperson The attention of Management of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has been drawn to the news making the rounds about some Corps Members testing positive to Coronavirus in Lagos, Kano and FCT Camps. The true position is that no… November 17, 2020 In "News" Sun News reports that a patient who was recently discharged at the Federal Medical Centre, Owo in Ondo State has tested positive for COVID 19. It was gathered that the result conducted for her was released after she had been discharged from the hospital. The patient, according to a reliance… April 29, 2020 In "Metro"