Iyabo Ojo, one of Nigeria’s most popular actresses, has been plunged into a very sad mood. The actress who is known to put smiles on the faces of her fans as an actress, especially on Tik Tok is currently very unhappy as she has lost her mother. The actress took to her social media page to announce the death of her mother, Mrs Victoria Olubunmi Fetuga. Ojo stated that her mother died in her sleep. She wrote on her verified Instagram page, “My mother, my jewel, my guardian, my pearl, this is how you said goodbye? We were joking about this days ago. I told you how much I want you to live long and watch the children become grown men and women but you said no; your joy was that I am happy. That your spirit would protect and be with us. Little did I know you were set to leave. “With total submission to the will of God, I announce the death of my mother, Mrs Victoria Olubunmi Fetuga, who passed away in her sleep in the early hours of today, Saturday 21st November at the age of 67-years. Mama, you might be gone but we, your children and grandkids would make sure your memories remain and linger on. Like you promised, your spirit remains with us. Iyabo Ojo, your love.” A post shared by Olori Iyabode Omo ladukeade (@iyaboojofespris) Source The Salvation Ministries, Port Harcourt, Rivers State has responded to a report making the rounds that the senior pastor, David Ibiyiomie, is having a sexual affair with Nollywood actress, Iyabo Ojo. Reports making the rounds have it that the actress allegedly uses ‘juju’ to lure the pastor, who has allegedly… February 17, 2017 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress and mother of two, Iyabo Ojo, reently opened up about why her first marriage crashed. The Yoruba actress who got married at the age of 21 told Nigerian Tribune her first husband hardly had time for her. Though she’s now happily married to another man, she revealed she… September 16, 2014 In "Style" Popular controversial journalist, Kemi Olunloyo finally end feud with actress, Iyabo Ojo. Kemi Olunloyo was seen with Toyin Lawani as she apologized to Iyabo Ojo for putting her through hell. Kemi said Iyabo Ojo is a sister and even a daughter even if she had her at 15. GISTVIC recalls,… August 3, 2019 In "News"