Nigerian singer, Lil Frosh, has denied the allegation that he assaulted Gift Camille, his girlfriend. Last month, Mayoks Michael, Camille’s manager, and brother had taken to his Twitter handle to accuse Lil Frosh of domestic violence against his sister. This had prompted a heated backlash and widespread condemnation among both prominent celebrities and fans. As a result of this, Davido Music Worldwide (DMW), a record label owned by Davido, had ended its contract with Lil Frosh. The DMW brand boss had also stated that there was no excuse for the actions of the accused. But on Tuesday, the teaser for a detailed interview wherein Lil Frosh shared his side of the story surfaced. Lil Frosh also claimed his girlfriend had complained to him that she was having an allergy that caused her face to swell up and inflicted a boil right behind her left ear. He said the condition only worsened over time. “I didn’t do it. I didn’t beat this girl up. She’s my girlfriend. She called me saying she noticed she’s having a boil at the back of her ear. I asked what it was and she said maybe it’s an allergic reaction,” the singer explained. Watch the video below; DMW boss, David Adeleke popularly known as Davido, has terminated the contract of fast-rising rapper Sanni Goriola Wasiu aka Lil Frosh, over allegations of domestic violence by his girlfriend Gift Camille on Monday, October 5, 2020. According to Camille’s brother Michael, who is also her manager, Lil Frosh has been… October 6, 2020 In "Metro" Sanni Goriola aka Lil Frosh, an upcoming rapper recently fired from DMW has been arrested and detained by the police for allegedly beating his girlfriend to a pulp.   This happened after the brother of his girlfriend shared his sister's brutalized face with a swollen eye and bruises with rumours… October 9, 2020 In "News" Dubai - Musician, Davido has shown his generous side after taking his 30BG Gang members into a Fendi Store in Dubai, for shopping. The beneficiaries include, Zlatan Ibile, Davido Music Worldwide (DMW) newly signed artist, Lil Frosh and others. Davido’s charity seems to be coming profusely just some days to his highly… November 15, 2019 In "Entertainment"