The Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) has shut down its leaking pipeline located between Agbada FS and Nkpoku Manifold in Rivers State. Shell’s Media Relations Manager, Bamidele Odugbesan, said the company received a report of the leakage on Wednesday and immediately activated its Emergency and Spill Response Team. He said the team isolated and depressurised the pipeline the same day to stop the flow of crude oil into it. He said: “We also secured the site for safety. Same day (Wednesday, November 4, 2020). We commenced the containment and recovery of leaked crude and commenced the statutory government-led Joint Investigation Team (JIV) examination of the site to determine the cause and impact of the leak. The JIV and recovery of leaked crude are expected to be completed within the next one or two days. “Whenever a leak is reported at any facility of The Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) Joint Venture, the immediate interest of SPDC as the operator is to isolate the injecting facility, stop the leak, conduct the statutory JIV, and clean up the spill. Where required, we begin immediate remediation in order to return the area to a pristine state.” The Nation Prepares For Final Phase Of JIV (Sundiata Post) – The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) on Friday said it confirmed four leak points on its 24” Trans Ramos Pipeline in the swamps of Western Niger Delta. The company said in a statement that as soon as the… May 25, 2018 In "Business" By Nathan Nwakamma   Ekeremor    -      The Deputy Governor of Bayelsa, retired Rear Admiral John Jonah on Monday criticised Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) over the frequent spills on oilfields in the state. He spoke at one of the spill sites at Agoro community in Ekeremor Local Government Area following… June 18, 2018 In "News" Yenagoa - An Environmental Rights group has condemned what it called the ‘slow response of Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) to the oil spill incident of July 12,2015 at the Adibawa Oil field, operated by the company. Environmental Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria (ERA/FoEN) made the condemnation in its… January 2, 2016 In "News"