Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has disclosed that he won’t go back to the ruling All Progressives Congress after he defected to The Peoples Democratic Party before the 2019 governorship election.  The Governor who won his second term on the platform of the PDP, said he declined the invitation of the joining the APC after being contacted by some notable persons. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary Terver Akase, Ortom averred that he is enjoying a robust relationship with other leaders of the party in Benue State and the entire North Central region. He Said; “We have read some mischievous statements by members of the opposition in Benue State insinuating that Gov. Samuel Ortom plans to rejoin All Progressives Congress. “Those involved in the impish allegation are clearly doing so to soothe their stuck-up apprehensions. “Why will Gov. Ortom return to APC? To do what? “It is true that the governor was contacted by some notable persons to defect from Peoples Democratic Party, but he declined the invitation. “Gov Ortom is the leader of PDP in North Central Nigeria, and he is enjoying a robust relationship with other leaders of the party in Benue State and the entire region. “It is, therefore, ridiculous for anyone to insinuate that the governor has the intention to leave PDP.”  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - After a meeting with APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole where he was hoodwinked, Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, has recanted his earlier declaration  that he has left the All Progressives Congress. APC National Chairman Adams Oshiomhole and Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom He… July 20, 2018 In "Top Stories" Social Activist, Franc Utoo Abducted In Abuja June 10, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Nicholas Dechi Makurdi - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Chairman in Benue, Mr John Ngbede, has appealed to pensioners in the state to be patient with the Gov. Samuel Ortom-led administration over their outstanding pension and gratuities. Ngbede, who made the appeal at a press conference held on Saturday… September 7, 2019 In "News"