LAGOS – Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Tuesday announced his intention to repeal the Public Office Holder (Payment of Pension Law 2007), which provides for payment of pension and other entitlements to former Governors and their Deputies. He made this known while presenting the 2021 budget to the Lagos State House of Assembly. Sanwoolu said the bill would be sent to the Lagos Assembly for legislative approval. According to Sanwo-Olu, the abolition of pension for former governors and deputies will reduce the cost of governance. He said, “Mr. Speaker and Honourable Members of the House, in light of keeping the costs of governance low and to signal selflessness in public service, we will be sending a draft executive bill to the House imminently for the repeal of the Public Office Holder (Payment of Pension Law 2007), which provides for payment of pension and other entitlements to former Governors and their Deputies.” Detail later…  Source The Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre (CISLAC) commends the giant stride by the Zamfara State House of Assembly for the abolishment of despicable law that allows payment of pension and other entitlements for the former governors, their deputies, former speaker and their deputies. This was made known in a statement… November 27, 2019 In "Politics" By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - Lagos State House of Assembly says it will not repeal the state’s pension law permitting former governors and other public office holders to receive juicy pensions from state coffers. Mr Tunde Braimoh, Chairman, House Committee on Information and Strategy, told the News Agency of Nigeria… December 9, 2019 In "News" The payment of pension and gratuity to former governors and deputy governors has been nullified by the National Industrial Court for not being in consonance with what is fixed by the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission. The court gave the judgment on Thursday while ruling in a suit brought… January 4, 2020 In "News"