 A retired Brigadier General of the Nigerian Army, Idris Bello ,has said that good intelligence gathering by the Nigerian military among others, is capable of bringing an end to the war against Boko Haram.  He told Vanguard in an interview that: “on the issue of the arrest & prosecution of some Nigerians in Dubai accused of wiring huge funds to Boko Haram. This is a very welcome development as it will serve to weaken the insurgents. By this act, one of their main source of financing has been permanently blocked and so they will have less funds for weapon purchase and logistics.    “This has been achievable due to excellent intelligence gathering probably over a long period of time. This is a clear indication of how very important intelligence gathering is in the fight against insurgency and other security challenges.” “The issue of America using Nigeria’s air space to rescue a kidnapped American citizen is also heavily connected to good intelligence. The Americans must been monitoring the situation for a while using both human & electronic mediums. ” “The operation was made easier by the fact the the location was isolated. It would have been more difficult if it were in a densely populated area. The Americans also operated in liaison with the Nigerian and Nigerien security agencies… That’s my take on the two issues,” he said.  Source  BENIN (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has assured that the Boko Haram Terrorists (BHT) would soon be completely defeated despite the latest bombing attacks near Maiduguri, Borno State that killed 22 people. Buratai gave this assurance on Wednesday when he visited the 4… March 16, 2016 In "Top Stories" MAIDUGURI (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai on Monday once again assured that the Nigerian Army in collaboration with other security agencies were working towards the end of Boko Haram terrorism and insurgency in the North East. Buratai, who was however ambivalent about the… November 24, 2015 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Following the non-release of its budgeted funds for operations against the activities of the Islamic Boko Haram in the North-East, the military has cried out before the Senate for assistance. This was disclosed on Thursday through a statement signed by Mr. Bankole Omisore, the Special Assistant… February 4, 2016 In "Top Stories"