Labour union representatives on Sunday staged a walk-out from a meeting with the federal government, barely five minutes after it started.  According to the president of the Trade Union Congress, Quadri Olaleye, on the meeting’s top agenda were the issues surrounding the hike in the price of fuel and electricity tariffs, not issues of palliatives. In his opening remarks before the closed-door session, Olaleye accused the federal government of dishonesty, playing to the gallery and painting the organised labour in a bad light before civil servants and the public. Representing the Nigerian Labour Congress was its deputy president, Najeem Yasin.  “This meeting is not going to be as usual,” Olaleye told Channels Television. “Why, because we have seen the insincerity of government and it’s putting us at risk. They are taking us for a ride, which cannot continue. “We are in the process of discussing, for over three months now. And they made announcement increasing the fuel price again. And no other person than NNPC. When has authority been giving to NNPC to increase the price of PMS? This is unacceptable. “The meeting agenda is not well prioritised. And because of that, we are leaving the meeting. We will not continue, we will go back to our organ, and we are going to get back to you on the next line of action.” In attendance from the federal government were the Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, the Minister of State for Labour, Festus Keyamo, Minister of State for Petroleum, Timiprye Sylva, Minister of state for power, Goddy Agba and the Secretary to the Government, Boss Mustapha. “We felt that the item of increase in PMS, having been listed at all as an additional item, would have satisfied everybody,” labour minister, Ngige said after the walkout.  Source Labour will attend Thursday’s meeting with the Federal Government on the hike in petrol price and electricity tariffs with a load of conditions: The meeting, the second in one week, is to address the concerns of Labour. After last week’s meeting, the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union… September 24, 2020 In "News" Abuja  -  President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Ayuba Wabba in Abuja on Thursday, said it was ready to negotiate with the Federal Government. Wabba said this while briefing newsmen after a closed-door meeting between the leadership of the union and the President of the Senate, Dr. Bukola Saraki.… May 19, 2016 In "Top Stories" The Federal Government on Sunday night granted concession to Labour to avert the strike in protest against hike in petrol price and electricity tariffs. An industrial action spearheaded by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union Congress (TUC) would have commenced on Monday. But at an emergency meeting… September 28, 2020 In "News"