The Coordinator, National Youth Service Corps, Federal Capital Territory, Mrs Walida Isa, says five prospective corps members have tested positive for COVID-19. Isa made the disclosure at the swearing-in of the 2020 Batch `B’ Stream 1 corps members on Monday in Abuja. The coordinator, who did not disclose their names, said that 853 corps members were registered after they were tested for the virus. She said that 858 corps members were tested for COVID- 19 and out of the number, five of them were positive. “The five that were positive were taken to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control for treatment. So they are not among the number we registered,” she said. The 2020 Batch `B’ Stream 1A orientation resumed camping on November 10. One week was used to test the corps members on COVID-19 before registration. The 2020 Batch `B’ Stream 1A orientation course started on Tuesday nationwide in strict compliance with COVID-19 protocols. In her opening remarks, Hajiya Ramatu Aliyu, the Minister of State, called for support for the scheme to enable it to sustain its laudable programmes for the benefit of the country. Aliyu was represented by the Acting Chairman, NYSC FCT Governing Board, Mr Kevin Ike. The minister reiterated the administration`s readiness to continue to support the scheme for effective service delivery. She also commended the scheme for promoting unity, integration as well as development in the education, health, and agriculture sectors among others. (NAN) By Franca Ofili Abuja - The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) says it has embarked on measures that will ensure safety and efficient operations post COVID-19 restrictions on socio-economic activities in the country. Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, the Director, Press and Public Relations of NYSC, said this in a statement in… June 10, 2020 In "News" BY Rita Iliya   Minna,   -     The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Niger says its 2018 Batch B stream II members will take their orientation in Kaduna State. It said that this was based on directives to hold the orientation in cluster in 19 States due to the limited… August 30, 2018 In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Niger on Friday presented state awards to five outgoing corps members for outstanding performances during their service year in the state. Mrs Funmilayo Ajayi, the NYSC State Coordinator, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of… May 29, 2020 In "Education"