The federal government has been accused of not making education a priority that is why it has refused to address issues raised by striking workers. The National Chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Professor Biodun Ogunyemi made this known on Monday during a Channels Television interview. He explained that the federal government was always focusing on the salary aspect of their demands, forgetting the protracted issues of funding, autonomy, and conducive environments for learning and working. “Do we still have public primary schools? Do we still have public secondary schools? Let us acknowledge what ASUU has brought to the system. “But for ASUU, public universities would have collapsed totally. The government does take education as a priority. “We have schools without seats, we have laboratories without equipment and some use kerosene stoves as Bunsen burners. “We need our universities to grow this country; we need our universities to innovate and develop this country. “So funding the university system is not a waste, but an investment,” Ogunyemi said. Asked about the fate of students who have been home for over eight months due to the strike action, Ogunyemi said, “Each time people talk about this problem (strikes) as being there for long, they don’t also appreciate the solutions we have brought to the system. “We have kept the system going. But for ASUU interventions, we would no longer have public universities today. “Parents and students should understand that we want to bring the universities to the level where they would be proud of their certificates.”  Source By Okeoghene Akubuike   Abuja    -      Some parents and students in Abuja on Tuesday  urged the Federal Government to speedily intervene and resolve the ongoing strike by the Academic Staff Union of University  (ASUU). The parents, who spoke with  the News Agency of Nigeria in Abuja, expressed worry over the… November 27, 2018 In "News" By Chinyere Nwachukwu Lagos - Education stakeholders have continued to react to the suspension of the three-month strike  by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ASUU embarked on strike on Nov. 4, 2018, demanding revitalisation of universities, Academic Earned Allowance and… February 9, 2019 In "News" The Federal Government on Sunday criticised the Academic Staff Union Universities, saying issues concerning seven-month strike by the union were confusing.     The Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, who stated this in an interview with one of correspondents in Abuja, accused the union of muddling things up… November 2, 2020 In "Education"