Fuel-Laden Tanker Falls At Festac Link Bridge, Residents Scoop FuelChannels TelevisionUpdated November 8, 202016 Residents scoop fuel from fallen tanker at Festac Link Bridge, Lagos on Sunday, November 8, 2020. A fuel-laden tanker has fallen at Festac Link Bridge, spilling its contents. The tanker laden with 33,000 litres of petrol overturned while conveying the content to a destination in Lagos State on Sunday. After the accident which left fuel gushing out from the tanker on the road, residents used buckets and kegs to scoop the content.  The Director-General, Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu in reaction said the trans-loading of the remaining petrol was ongoing, adding that emergency responders were on the ground to prevent a secondary incident. “The Agency responded to distress calls at around 0600hrs this morning and arrived to find an overturned tanker with its contents (33,000 litres of petrol) rapidly spilling due to the effect of gravity on the overturned tanker. “While immediate action by the joint team (comprising of Agency Firefighters, Lagos Fire Service and the Nigeria Police) was taken to prevent a secondary incident, the scene was invaded by people carrying kegs attempting to scoop the product. This required additional police support. Transloading of product is ongoing,” Oke-Osanyintolu said. The LASEMA DG appealed for calm. Channels TV Lagos   - A oil tanker spilled its content around the Ojuelegba area of Surulere, Lagos early on Saturday, leading to a fire that destroyed four houses and several vehicles parked in the area. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the fuel-laden tanker was conveying 33,000 litres of… December 5, 2015 In "News" By: Moses Omorogieva Lagos -  A petrol tanker with Reg. No. AGL 664 XG, on Sunday morning fell on a moving car in Lagos and killed the lone occupant. A witness told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the incident happened at about 4.08a.m at Ikorodu roundabout.… September 25, 2016 In "News" LAGOS - Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State have summoned Petroleum Products Tanker Drivers' Union and stakeholders to an emergency meeting on Monday, June 8. The meeting, Ambode said, would address the incessant petrol tanker-induced fires in the state. The governor gave the directive on Saturday during a visit to… June 6, 2015 In "News"