Chrisland University, Abeokuta, Ogun State, has churned out 28 graduates at its 2O2O Convocation programme with five students – all girls, making it to the First Class honours list. The Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Chinedum Babalola who made this known to The Nation, said that it appears “girls” are today more academically ‘focused” than their males’ counterparts. Mrs. Babalola explained that it should not be seen as strange or new that Chrisland produced only girls First Class graduands this time in an institution where there were also male students, recalling that similar phenomenon had also been observed at the nation’s premier university – the University of Ibadan, wherein a particular year, only girls made it to the First Class honours list. Addressing reporters ahead of the Convocation ceremony slated for tomorrow (Thursday) at the institution’s campus, Ajebo, Abeokuta, the Professor of Pharmacy said the best student scored over 5 Grade Point Aggregate(GPA). She noted that the school is out to bring out the best products that could compete effectively with their peers anywhere in the world, saying the institution made progress during the year 2019 with 12 new additional programmes introduced between January and March, last year. According to her, the 12 programmes have also been fully approved by the National University Commission (NUC). Babalola further explained that the university despite the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, the university experienced unbroken academic calendar, having to be about the first university in Nigeria to kick – start virtual class and virtual matriculations for its students. The Nation By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta One hundred and twelve first class students are among 3, 222 who will be graduating from the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, (FUNAAB) will on Tuesday, the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Kolawole Salako, has said. Salako made the fact known at a news conference held at the school… January 28, 2020 In "Education" By Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta - The Vice- Chancellor of Chrisland University, Abeokuta, Prof. Chinedum Babalola, has called for more laboratories across the country to enhance clinical trials of herbal drugs developed for cure of COVID-19. Babalola made the call on Wednesday at a press conference in Abeokuta. The New Agency… June 10, 2020 In "News" Lokoja -  The Federal University Lokoja (FUL), on Saturday, honoured the Late Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Mr James Ocholi (SAN), with Posthumous Honorary Doctor of Law Honoris Causa. The award was received on behalf of the late minister by his son at the Maiden Convocation ceremony of… October 23, 2016 In "Education"