Manchester United have been hit by a cyber attack on their systems, but they are not “currently aware of any breach of personal data associated with our fans and customers”. The Red Devils confirmed the hacking on Friday evening, but said they are confident that Saturday’s Premier League game against West Bromwich Albion at Old Trafford will go ahead. A club statement read: “Manchester United can confirm that the club has experienced a cyber attack on our systems.  “The club has taken swift action to contain the attack and is currently working with expert advisers to investigate the incident and minimise the ongoing IT disruption. “Although this is a sophisticated operation by organised cyber criminals, the club has extensive protocols and procedures in place for such an event and had rehearsed for this eventuality. “Our cyber defences identified the attack and shut down affected systems to contain the damage and protect data.“Club media channels, including our website and app, are unaffected and we are not currently aware of any breach of personal data associated with our fans and customers. “We are confident that all critical systems required for matches to take place at Old Trafford remain secure and operational and that tomorrow’s game against West Bromwich Albion will go ahead.” A spokesman for United added: “These type of attacks are becoming more and more common and are something you have to rehearse for.” United have informed the Information Commissioner’s Office, as required, and the club say forensic tracing is being carried out in a bid to establish further detail about the attack. (www.newsnow.co.uk) Manchester United are working on identifying individuals who racially abused Paul Pogba online after the midfielder missed a penalty in Monday’s 1-1 draw at Wolverhampton Wanderers, the Premier League club said on Tuesday.Manchester United's Paul Pogba reacts after the match. Reuters/Carl Recine Pogba won a late penalty but had his… August 20, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester (UK) - Ole Gunnar Solskjaer should be the favourite to be named new Manchester United manager next season, according to former club goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel. The Dane said this was because the Norwegian Solskjaer has restored the club’s “culture and identity” after being put in caretaker charge. Solskjaer’s impact… February 28, 2019 In "Sports" By Tolu Aiyegbusi, Dada Ahmed Few years ago, the concept of cyber terrororism was, at best, a figment of imagination of most Nigerians as it was considered a subject of academic exercise in the university community and similar institutions in the country. Experts note that the trend has, however, changed… October 21, 2019 In "News"