Governor Sule of Nasarawa state has suspended the directors of finance and supplies (DFS) and directors of personnel management (DPMs) for inflating salary figures.  Spokesperson of the Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Alhaji Adamu Shigafarta who disclosed that the directive came through the Local Government Service Commission, added that the directors were suspended for three months. Shigafarta said the Directors were suspended because they refused to work with the directive of the committee set up by the government to investigate the discrepancies and high wage bills incurred by the local governments. He further revealed that the local government workers were audited over some abnormalities following the decision of the government to use April 2012 payment vouchers to get to the root of the fraud. He Said; “Council salaries as at 2012 was N1.1 billion, but now that there are no employment, promotions, people died, some retired, while others left for greener pasture, from nowhere local government salaries skyrocketed to N1.3 billion monthly. “That was why two months ago, the state government constituted a committee headed by the accountant-general, auditor-general, permanent secretary, three chairmen and director in the ministry, to look into the problem. “The committee, after investigation, discovered that after payment of salaries and other entitlements, over N600 million was remaining; so they directed local governments to go back and pay salaries with 2012 payment vouchers, but the DFS refused. “From the ministry they were directed to use 2012 payment vouchers to pay salaries and if there is any genuine complaint, they should be forwarded to the committee for ratification, but they refused; they held payment of salaries to ransom. That was why the government directed that they be suspended.” Source Abuja - In spite of concerns in many states where teachers were owed many months of salaries, some state governments were up-to-speed in payment of the salaries. The state governments had ensured prompt payment of salaries, thereby not owing both primary and secondary school teachers any salary arrears. A survey… August 15, 2015 In "News" ….Tasks Local Government Chairmen, Political Appointees on Selfless, Sacrificial, Dedicated Services By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nasarawa state Governor, Abdullahi Sule has said under no guise should workers and pensioners not be paid their salaries and pensions. According to him, “Those who work for us should be paid… August 1, 2020 In "News" By Reporters  Abuja - The Nigeria Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) says most local government councils in the South East have been granted financial autonomy in line with the Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) directive. NFIU had directed that federal allocations be paid directly to individual council’s account starting… July 29, 2019 In "News"