A love of football is one thing that can bring Nigerians together more than just about anything else. Playing and watching football is something that Nigerians have remained passionate about for decades, so it is no surprise that many of these same fans also enjoy wagering on their favorite pastime as well. Until relatively recently, Nigerians could only wager on a few football matches here and there based on a limited selection. Punters could fill out paper tickets that listed the few possible bets on selected matches, and this was the only way to place bets and potentially make money. Fortunately for players, this is no longer the case. Both local and international online casinos took notice of the huge, untapped market for sports betting in Nigeria, and now there is a booming industry surrounding online football betting. There are dozens of online bookmakers and twice that many web pages touting expert football prediction tips. On the one hand, all of these new online opportunities are exciting because they give Nigerians far more options when it comes to making money by wagering on football matches and other sports. However, it can also be overwhelming to go from having a single ticket of limited wagers to hundreds of betting options across multiple platforms. How Players Can Get Started Quickly Most people don’t want to spend hours trying to decide where to deposit and how to start betting. Generally speaking, punters prefer to have a few reputable names to pick from and a simple sign-up process so that they can get in on the action without a lot of fuss. Both new and more experienced online bettors can benefit from sites like betnaija.ng that take all of the guesswork out of choosing an online sportsbook. Betnaija and similar sites go through the process of vetting online sportsbooks based on criteria that would be important to players. All of the sites listed on Betnaija are checked for authenticity, reliability, ease of use, quality of customer service, lucrative bonus offers and competitive bet lines. This means that players can simply scan the star ratings and highlighted features to find the ones that are most appealing, and then they can immediately click through to sign up and make their first deposit. In addition to this, Betnaija also has a separate page that offers betting strategies, football prediction tips and other helpful advice that can aid players when they are placing wagers. How to Make Money With Sports Betting Even when punters are betting for fun, it is still preferable to turn a profit whenever possible. However, it’s worth noting that many players get into sports betting as a sort of “side hustle” to bring in extra income. When this is the primary goal, placing wagers needs to be viewed as more than just a hobby. To really make money, bettors need to understand that they must invest time into becoming more skilled at placing bets. There are a few ways that this can be done. Abuja - Many Nigerian football supporters and enthusiasts have greeted the new football season in major European countries with excitement and anticipation. In the next eight months, football crazy Nigerians will have the opportunity to watch their favourite clubs challenge for honours in England, Spain, Germany, Italy, France and other… August 12, 2019 In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) –Millions of unemployed, underemployed and middle-class population in Nigeria are turning to sports betting and lotteries in hope of earning extra incomes to survive the financial hardships in an economy coming out of recession. The gaming industry in the country has seen exponential growth lately… December 15, 2017 In "Business" Lagos  -  The President, Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), Amaju Pinnick , says that managing football in Nigeria is a tough call that requires patience and perseverance. Pinnick made the assertion in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) after he watched the derby between Ikorodu United and MFM… March 7, 2016 In "Sports"