The UK parliament on Monday, November 23, debated a petition seeking to impose sanctions on Nigerian Government officials involved in the shooting incident that occurred during the Endsars protest in Lekki on October 20. The debate stemmed from a petition started by Silas Ojo. The petition garnered more than 220,000 signatories, crossing the 100,000 mark needed for a petition to be debated by the lawmakers. However one of the highlights of the debate was the moment a member of the parliament urged his government to place sanctions on Nigerians who flee to the UK with ill-gotten wealth. He also spoke about Nigeria’s former military ruler, Yakubu Gowon’s alleged looting of the Central Bank of Nigeria. He said; “What we are seeing in Nigeria today is part of that story. It is a tragedy we are all witnessing because we see things falling apart. “The problem this time is not foreign pressure known as colonialism. The pressure instead is corruption and violence and attempts at control (of power). “We need to call out the corruption, we need to use the powers that we have in this country to stop those who are profiting from the wealth of that great nation and hiding it here. “Now some people will remember when general Gowon left Nigeria, he took half of the Central Bank, so it is said, and moved to London. “We know today, even now in this great city of ours, there are sadly some people who have taken the wealth of Nigerian people and hidden their ill-gotten gains here. “We know that our banks sadly have been used for that profit or that illegal transfer of asset and that means that the UK is in a unique position in being able to actually do something to really exert pressure on those who have robbed Nigerians.” Watch the video below; The Nation Members of the United Kingdom Parliament on Monday took turns to lambast the regime of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), for the attack and intimidation of protesters who took part in the #EndSARS demonstrations. They demanded sanctions on government officials and security agents such as visa ban, freezing… November 24, 2020 In "News" No fewer than 148,864 individuals have signed a petition asking the United Kingdom to sanction members of the Nigerian government and police force for human rights abuses over the #EndSARS movement.   This was as of 09.20am when our correspondent visted official webiste of the British parliarment. The petition,… October 21, 2020 In "News" The world woke up Wednesday to chilling news that Nigerian soldiers had turned their guns on peaceful protesters, a development now set to worsen risk perception in Africa’s biggest economy.   Following over a dozen days of youth-led protests at strategic locations across Nigeria against brutality by a rogue police… October 22, 2020 In "News"