A former commissioner of Health in Bauchi state has died in a fatal road accident at the age of 46.  According to Punch, the victim, Dr. Zuwaira Hassan, was also the Head of Department, Community Medicine, College of Medicine, Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital, Bauchi before her sad death. The crash occurred on Monday morning at Zaranda village, about 36 kilometers away from Bauchi metropolis. Details of the crash were still sketchy as of the time of filing this report. The funeral prayers will hold at 1.30 pm at the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital Central Mosque on Monday. This will be followed by the burial at the Muslim burial ground along Gombe Road in accordance with Islamic rites. A younger brother to the deceased, Garkwu Adamu, the Public Relations Officer, Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps, Bauchi State Command, who confirmed the incident to Punch in a telephone interview said that the news of the death was shocking and devastating. He said: “Yes, it is true, she died this morning in an accident at Zaranda village on her way to Bauchi from Jos, Plateau State. “They were three driving in the vehicle when the incident happened. It is a really sad and tragic incident that you will just wake up with someone and the next moment, that same person is gone, it is really sad. “She was really hard working and dedicated to her work. We will really miss her a lot.” When contacted, the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps, Yusuf Abdullahi, said he was yet to get details of the crash. She left behind a husband and three children.  Source Bauchi - The Bauchi State Police Command said on Monday that four persons died in an auto crash on the Jos - Bauchi Road. Haruna Mohammed, the command’s Public Relations Officer, in a statement in Bauchi, said that the accident followed a head on collision between a commercial vehicle and… May 23, 2016 In "News" By Ayinde Olaide Bauchi -  Bauchi State Commissioner for Health, Zuwaira Hassan, on Friday, confirmed that 14 people died in the state following outbreak of cholera and Lassa fever. Hassan made this known while briefing newsmen at Abubakar Tafawa Balewa Teaching Hospital (ATBU- TH) Bauchi during her visit to the… March 23, 2018 In "Health" By Hafsat Abdulhamid Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No fewer than 15 new cases of the dreaded Lassa fever infection have been discovered in Bauchi State, out of which 3 have been confirmed and are presently receiving treatment at the infectious diseases isolation centre of the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching… January 25, 2020 In "Top Stories"