In the two-and-a-half long prayer meeting streamed on Facebook live, she begs: “We break every demonic altar that has been erected over the White House, specifically Donald J Trump.  President Donald Trump’s spiritual adviser, Paula White Cain has led a prayer service asking God to support his re-election efforts, with Angel’s from Africa. The teleganvelist prayed for “angels” to help the Republican in the US election in a service posted online, according to a report from the Evening Standard. In the service, she takes aim at the “demonic confederacies that are attempting to steal the election from Trump”. She also claimed that angels had “been dispatched from Africa right now” to help Mr. Trump reach victory The clip of White-Cain, who lead the prayer when the president was sworn into the White House in 2016, was shared widely online. She adds, “I hear a sound of victory. The Lord says it is done.” In the two-and-a-half long prayer meeting streamed on Facebook live, she begs: “We break every demonic altar that has been erected over the White House, specifically Donald J Trump. “The angels are coming here in the name of Jesus from Africa.” Source: Theinterview.ng Washington - President Donald Trump on Tuesday named political strategist, Brad Parscale, as manager of his 2020 presidential re-election campaign, rewarding a digital expert, who was critical to Trump’s 2016 victory. In a statement, the Trump campaign said it planned to use Parscale’s talent to help Republicans in the 2018… February 27, 2018 In "Foreign" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Since he took office in January last year, American President, Mr Donald Trump has not only disagreed with members of the oppossition but even with his own cabinet members and other appointees. Between that time and now, over 20 people have either been sacked or have resigned… March 13, 2018 In "Foreign" Femi Fani-Kayode, an ex-aviation minister has shown his support for Donald Trump by praying for him to emerge winner in the ongoing US election.   Trump who is a Republican is contesting against, former Vice-President Joe Biden, a Democrats. Biden according to yesterday’s report was leading by a narrower margin… November 3, 2020 In "Politics"