Tragedy struck in Makurdi, Benue state as a middle aged man set himself and girlfriend ablaze. It was gathered that the man whose identity was unknown as at the time of filing this report, bought fuel, locked his girlfriend inside the room before setting both of them ablaze. The man who is about 40 years died on the spot as a result of the inferno, while the girl friend, also got burnt beyond recognition.  The incident occurred on the end of Inikpi Street, high-level area in Makurdi on Saturday evening at about 6:30 pm. When The Nation visited, officers of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) were seen evacuation the corpse of the young man and that of his girlfriend to the hospital. Fire fighters fought hand to put out the fire and prevent it spreading to other houses. Neighbours told The Nation that the young man had a wife and children somewhere but he was always complaining that “his wife is threatening his life even though they are not living together.” Others said it was a case of mental health. The Nation [8:17 PM, 4/30/2019] Chidubem: 45-year-old Deji Adenuga who was alleged to have burnt nine members of his ex-girlfriend family where eight have been reported dead has confessed to the crime. Adenuga, a palm wine tapper who was popularly known as, “Davar Oluodo,” owned up to have brutally killed his ex-girlfriend,… April 30, 2019 In "Metro" Igbodigho community in Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State has been thrown into mourning following the setting ablaze of a family of nine by a middle age man identified Deji Adenuga. Adenuga, popularly known as “Davar” in the community where the incident occurred, was said to have set the… April 24, 2019 In "Metro" A Pastor of the New Baptist Church and his female assistant have allegedly been burnt to death by a 40-year-old jealous lover in Igbogene area of Yenagoa Local Government Area, Bayelsa State.     Obukulubu allegedly set the home of his girlfriend on fire over suspicion of cheating. The incident… November 2, 2020 In "News"