 Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo state has said that his administration would continue to sustain and develop the three state owned Universities despite the financial challenges.  He spoke while playing host to top management staff of Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba -Akoko(AAUA) at his office in Akure. Akeredolu who noted that “although the burden running three Universities is draining the resources,noted his administration will continue to do its best to keep the institutions going in line with the desire of the people of the state. ‘’Running three universities is not a child’s play. We are going through some trying times, particularly financial’’.  Akeredolu said “it was unfortunate that the exercise will be holding at the same period for the three state owned universities but was quick to add that Adekunle Ajasin University being the flagship of the institutions will not be abandoned. ‘’We are facing a lot of challenges but the accreditation cannot wait. It is not what we can postpone, we will do our best and see what we can do and make sure that we at least get something for the university to scale through this exercise’, the governor assured. He assured that his administration will continue to raise the banner of excellence at the AAUA and sustain the already attained status of the institution as one of the best in the country. Akeredolu gives seven days ultimatum for submission of illegal arms Earlier, the Acting Vice Chancellor, Professor Olugbenga Ige said the governors re-election for another term of four years was consequent upon the sound leadership which the governor has brought to bear on the people of the state ‘lge said that ’Mr Governor sir, we want to rejoice with you as critical stakeholder in the educational sector of Ondo State. And to inform you that your re-election is a testimony of the impact which your leadership has effected in the lives of the people of Ondo State.   Vanguard  Enugu - Pan-African Socialist Movement (PSM), a pressure group, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to call retrogressive All Progressives Congress (APC) governors, who inflated tertiary institution tuition fees, to order. The President of PSM in Nigeria, Mr Bestman Okereafor, made the appeal in a statement on Thursday in Enugu. Okereafor… May 9, 2019 In "News" By Muftau Ogunyemi   Akure -   Workers in the Ondo State Government-owned tertiary institutions, under the auspices of the Joint Action Committee (JAC), has decried the continuous poor funding of the state universities and polytechnics. The JAC Chairman, Mr Chris Olowolade and the Secretary, Temitope Aguda, made the workers’ position… December 26, 2018 In "News" By Segun Giwa Akure - The National Association Ondo State Students (NAOSS), has elected new executives to pilot its affairs for the next two years. The election, which took place during the 11th national convention/election of the association, on Sunday in Akure, had David Kikiowo emerging as the newly-elected president.… August 19, 2019 In "News"