The government of Nigeria has faulted the CNN report on the Lekki shootings.  According to The PUNCH, the Federal Government threatened to sanction the foreign media outlet, CNN, over its report on the alleged shooting of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki toll plaza on October 20, 2020. The government described the report by the foreign news medium as “irresponsible journalism”. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, made this known at a press conference in Abuja today conveyed to address lingering issues regarding the #EndSARS protests for police reform that rocked the nation last month. He described the event of October 20, 2020 as a “massacre without bodies”, insisting that not a single body has been produced or a single family has come out to claim their family member was killed at the Lekki tollgate. The minister alleged that CNN relied on social media video without verification to produce its report. “This should earn CNN a serious sanction for irresponsible reporting,” Mohammed said. He also said the government stands by last Saturday’s testimony of the Commander of 81 Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island, Lagos, Brig. Gen. Ahmed Taiwo, who told the Judicial Panel of Inquiry instituted by the Lagos State Government that blank bullets were fired at the toll gate. He advised persons with evidence on the Lekki shootings to give its testimony before the panel. He also said some “unscrupulous persons” including celebrities circulated fake news on the social media that aggravated the violence that trailed the two-week demonstration. Details later…  Source The government of Nigeria has insisted that no mass killings took place at the Lekki toll gate. According to The PUNCH, the Federal Government on Thursday insisted that there were no mass killings at the Lekki toll gate in the wake of the #EndSARS protests contrary to the general belief.… November 19, 2020 In "Politics" Watch the Video below: https://youtu.be/ip8QQ_X14Tk Sometime after midnight on October 21, Elisha Sunday Ibanga answered a phone call from his older brother's number.The person on the other end of the line -- a stranger -- broke the news that Ibanga's brother, Victor, had been shot dead at the Lekki toll… November 18, 2020 In "News" A CNN investigation into the alleged shooting of #EndSARS protesters at Lekki Toll Gate on October 21 has revealed that soldiers shot live bullets at protesters. The video footage released on Wednesday by the cable network shows the moment the soldiers left their military base in Bonny Camp and when… November 18, 2020 In "News"