American politician, Kamala Harris has reacted the triumph of Joe Biden over Donald Trump.  Harris, Joe Biden’s running mate, made after making history as the first woman and black person to be named vice president-elect after Biden was named President-elect. It will be recalled that Joe Biden became the 46th President of the United States of America by clinching Pennsylvania and its 20 electoral votes on Saturday November 7, ending Donald Trump’s hopes of re-election. The win in Pennsylvania took Biden’s electoral college vote to 284, surpassing the 270 needed to win the White House. After Biden’s victory was announced, Harris called Biden to congratulate him on winning US presidential election and put the video online. We did it, @JoeBiden. A post shared by  Kamala Harris (@kamalaharris) on Nov 7, 2020 at 9:27am PST Harris also tweeted a statement and video. “This election is about so much more than Joe Biden or me,” she wrote in her caption. “It’s about the soul of America and our willingness to fight for it. We have a lot of work ahead of us. Let’s get started.” The 56-year-old politician has also changed her Twitter bio to “Vice President-Elect of the United States.” This election is about so much more than @JoeBiden or me. It’s about the soul of America and our willingness to fight for it. We have a lot of work ahead of us. Let’s get started.pic.twitter.com/Bb9JZpggLN Abuja (Sundiata Post) - European Union leaders Charles Michel and Ursula von der Leyen hailed Joe Biden’s electoral victory as president of the United States on Saturday and called for stronger transatlantic ties. “I warmly congratulate Mr Joe Biden on his victory in the US presidential election and look forward… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" Democratic presidential candidate, Joe Biden has named Kamala Harris as his running mate for the US 2020 presidential elections. Biden's campaign announced on Tuesday August 11 that the former California attorney general Harris will be his vice-presidential pick, making her the first Black and South Asian American woman to run… August 12, 2020 In "Foreign" The United States Secret Service has ramped up the protection provided for the nation’s former vice president and the strong contender for the Washington Office, Joe Biden. Joe Biden based on the election count is leading the incumbent president, Donald Trump. As at the time of this publication, based on… November 6, 2020 In "Foreign"