The government of Nigeria has insisted that no mass killings took place at the Lekki toll gate.  According to The PUNCH, the Federal Government on Thursday insisted that there were no mass killings at the Lekki toll gate in the wake of the #EndSARS protests contrary to the general belief. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, said this at a press conference in Abuja. Mohammed said those who alleged massacre at the toll gate only succeeded in misleading the world. He said while government awaits the outcome of the panel investigating the matter, “we can say that the world has just witnessed a massacre without bodies” in Lekki. The minister insisted that the military did not shoot at protesters at the toll gate. He asked anyone who has contrary proofs to make them available to the panel investigating the matter. Mohammed said the government was satisfied with the way security agencies handled the protests. The minister took a swipe at CNN for its piece on the Lekki incident, describing it as “blatantly irresponsible.” He called for a sanction for the foreign media organisation but did not disclose where the sanction should come from. Details later… Source Five bullet shells were found at the Lekki toll gate, scene of the #EndSARS protest during the panel’s visit to the toll gate. The Managing Director of Lekki Concession Company (LCC), the operators of Lekki Toll Gate, Abayomi Omomuwa, disclosed this Friday to the panel members, led by its Chairman,… October 30, 2020 In "News" The global rights group, Amnesty International, has collated and released a timeline of the killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate, Lagos on October 20.   The AI said its crisis response experts investigated and verified social media videos and photographs that confirmed the security forces were… October 29, 2020 In "News" The Lagos state judicial panel on police brutality has accused Minister for Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola of tampering with evidence at the Lekki Toll Gate during yesterday's inspection of the premises. The former governor, Mr Babatunde Fashola yesterday, discovered a hidden camera at the Lekki Toll Gate, Admiralty… October 27, 2020 In "News"