Former Vice President Joe Biden is projected to receive more votes for president than any other candidate in U.S. election history. With many precincts still reporting results, he had already gathered 69,165,955 votes on Wednesday morning, compared to former President Barack Obama’s 2008 popular vote total of 69,498,516. The news follows reports on Tuesday night that the 2020 election was shaping up to have the highest voter turnout since 1908, when 65 percent of eligible Americans voted, The New York Times reports. The country was on track for around 160 million votes this year, which would put the eligible turnout rate at around 67 percent.  Wild that we just brush this aside now, but Biden cracked 50% in the popular vote as many people slept. He has a nearly 3 million vote lead, a number that is sure to grow in the coming days and weeks. https://t.co/m701L1VwCy pic.twitter.com/Am3nGoTpmC Biden’s lead over President Trump in the popular vote isn’t likely to let up either; experts, in fact, say his margin over Trump is only likely to grow at this point. Even so, Trump’s totals are also appearing like they’re going to pass Obama’s 2008 record, FiveThirtyEight’s Nate Silver tweeted. Maybe 11-12m outstanding votes between these states, which might be +25%-ish for Biden. Also a few more in CT, WA and OR. Not much outstanding vote left in red states. (The Week) WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump voted in his adopted home of Florida before hitting the campaign trail for rallies in three swing states on Saturday, joining more than 54 million Americans who have cast early ballots at a record-setting pace ahead of the Nov. 3 election.… October 24, 2020 In "Foreign" President Trump prematurely declared that he had won reelection early Wednesday morning, while millions of votes had yet to be counted in the key states that could decide the contest in former Vice President Joe Biden’s favor. “Millions and millions of people voted for us tonight, and a very sad… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign" In a Democratic System of Government, the election is an essential process of choosing a leader or other representatives by popular vote.   One of such is the forthcoming Presidential election in the United States of America slated for November 3 where over 50 million voters will be deciding who… October 30, 2020 In "Foreign"