Director-General Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim has praised the Federal Government for its various programmes aimed at empowering the Nigerian youths. He made the commendation while addressing the 2020 Batch ‘B’ Stream 1A Corps members at the new NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Okada, Edo State. Shuaibu noted that the establishment of the Seventy-Five Billion Naira Nigerian Youth Investment Fund (NYIF), the Presidential Youth Empowerment Scheme (P-YES), and the National Young Farmers’ Scheme (NYFS), amongst others would go a long way in making the youth self-employed and turn around the economy. He said the NYSC Skill Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development (SAED) programme was also aimed at equipping Corps members with skills as well as linking them with funding sources to enable them establish their dream businesses. The Director-General reminded them that white collar jobs were not readily available, and urged them to avail themselves of the opportunities provided by the Government through the empowerment programmes. “We have trained thousands of Corps Members and most of them are doing very well and are employers of labour and wealth creators today. “For you to succeed you must respect the dignity of labour,” Ibrahim said. While addressing Corps Members at Ebonyi State Orientation Camp, General Ibrahim urged them to execute projects that would improve the living standard of their host communities. He urged them to use the social media to promote national unity and avoid the spread of fake news, hate speeches and inciting comments. Adenike Adeyemi (Mrs) Director, Press and Public Relations From PRNigeria By Lucy Osuizigbo and Yinka Olawale Lagos - Gov.  Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State on Monday said that his administration would partner with the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in the areas of  youth empowerment, skills acquisition and entrepreneurship. Sanwo-Olu, who was represented by his deputy,  Dr Obafemi Hamzat, said… June 10, 2019 In "News" By Habibu Harisu   Sokoto   -     The Director-General, National Youth Service Corp (NYSC), Brig.-Gen. Suleiman Kazaure, on Sunday, urged corps members to actively participate in skills acquisition trainings in order to make them self-reliant. Kazaure gave this charge in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Sokoto.… August 13, 2018 In "News" Abuja  - The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Thursday in Abuja flagged off the pilot phase of the Youth Entrepreneurship Development Programme (YEDP) aimed at empowering 1,500 youths with a total of N2.5 billion loan. The CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele in his remarks said that the inability of… June 30, 2016 In "Business"