A new report has stated that an ex-aide of a Melania Trump has revealed that the first lady plans to divorce her husband once he leaves the White House. According to a new claim from a former aide, Melania Trump is “counting down the minutes” until she can divorce Donald Trump after he lost the 2020 presidential election to Joe Biden. Trump has yet to concede defeat in the US 2020 election, despite Joe Biden winning more than 270 of the electoral college votes. Former aide to Melania, Stephanie Wolkoff, who recently released a book, has come out to claim that Melania is already negotiating a post-nuptial agreement that would give her son, Barron, an equal share of the Trump fortune. A new report in the Mail Online, also claims former aide Omarosa Manigault Newman alleged Melania’s 15-year marriage with Donald Trump is already over. She said: “Melania is counting every minute until he is out of office and she can divorce. “If Melania were to try to pull the ultimate humiliation and leave while he’s in office, he would find a way to punish her.” It was once reported that Melania did not expect her husband to win in the 2016 election and when she heard the news that they would soon be expected to move into the White House, she burst into tears. At the time the First Lady’s communications director dismissed the book, saying it is “clearly going to be sold in the bargain fiction section”. “Mrs Trump supported her husband’s decision to run for president and in fact, encouraged him to do so. She was confident he would win and was very happy when he did,” said Stephanie Grisham.  Source New York  - Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden has expressed solidarity with President Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, after they tested positive for COVID-19. “Jill and I send our thoughts to President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump for a swift recovery. “We will continue to pray for… October 2, 2020 In "Foreign" Early indications suggested Trump would win Georgia - but it's now looking very close. Why? The chart below shows how the vote share in narrowing as more mail-in votes are counted. Mail-in votes are thought to favour Biden - one theory being that Democrats are taking the pandemic more seriously… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" •Donald Trump The campaign of President Donald Trump has filed a lawsuit in Michigan to stop the counting of ballots in the presidential election. "We have filed suit today in the Michigan Court of Claims to halt counting until meaningful access has been granted. We also demand to review those… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign"