Sarah McBride defeated Republican opponent Steve Washington in Delaware’s First State Senate District race by a large margin, the New York Times reports. The Democratic lawmaker is now the first transgender person to hold office in a state Senate, according to the LGBTQ Victory Fund. “We did it. We won the general election,” McBride, 30, tweeted on Tuesday night. “I hope tonight shows an LGBTQ kid that our democracy is big enough for them, too.” McBride is now among five transgender state legislators, according to the Washington Blade. The others are Danica Roem, a member of the Virginia House of Delegates; New Hampshire state Reps. Lisa Bunker and Gerri Cannon; and Colorado state Rep. Brianna Titone, all Democrats. In a statement Tuesday, LGBTQ Victory Fund CEO Annise Parker said McBride won in a “polarizing year.” “Throughout this election cycle, Donald Trump and other cynical politicians attempted to use trans people as a political weapon, believing they could gain popularity by stoking fear and hate,” Parker said. “For Sarah to shatter a lavender ceiling in such a polarizing year is a powerful reminder that voters are increasingly rejecting the politics of bigotry in favor of candidates who stand for fairness and equality. Her victory will inspire more trans people to follow in her footsteps and run for public office.” AP reports that McBride was the first openly transgender person to speak at a major party convention when she addressed the Democratic National Convention in 2016. Also on Tuesday, in the presidential race, Democrat Joe Biden was the projected winner of Delaware, his home state. Yahoo News The Electoral College count currently stands at 238 votes for Biden and 213 votes for Donald Trump.   In the race to 270 Electoral Votes, Democratic challenger Joe Biden took an early lead on President Donald Trump and maintained it heading into the overnight hours of Tuesday to Wednesday morning’s… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign" (CNN)After six years of Republican rule, Democrats are hoping to take back control of the Senate, but Republicans have narrowed their path. Republicans have so far thwarted well-funded Democratic bids in Iowa, South Carolina, Kansas, Texas and Montana and taken back a Democratic seat in Alabama.Democrats have captured a seat… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign" The outcome of the US presidential election is on a knife edge, with Donald Trump and his rival Joe Biden neck and neck in key swing states. Mr Biden, a Democrat, said he was "on track" to victory, while Mr Trump, a Republican, claimed "a big win". The president is… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign"