The Peoples Democratic Party has dismissed claims that federal lawmakers from Ebonyi state have been suspended.  The party made the declaration on a Twitter post. The post read: “The @OfficialPDPNig dismisses misleading publications suggesting that some key leaders in Ebonyi state, including former Governor of Ebonyi state, Senator Sam Egwu and 23 other leaders were suspended from our party. The @OfficialPDPNig stated that no PDP leader in Ebonyi has been suspended adding that the document purporting the suspension is fictitious and did not emanate from the Ebonyi state chapter of our party as suggested. For the avoidance of doubt the @OfficialPDPNig does not have a state working committee in Ebonyi state as presented by the said fictitious document. As such, any such body said to have met to arrive at any decision or any action claimed to have been taken by such non-existent body is at best imaginary. The public is already aware that the body vested with the task of piloting the affairs of our party in Ebonyi state is the State Caretaker Committee, which has since assumed its mandate to the approval and delight of the leaders and members of our party in Ebonyi state since the dissolution of our state executive in the state. Moreover, a check at the records of our party in Ebonyi affirms that no such meeting as purported in the said document was held to take any such decision at any time. However, we have been made aware that the fabricated document emanated from a former leader of our party in Ebonyi state who left on a personal voyage to another party, but seeks to cause confusion in the state, having failed to pull our leaders and members in his expedition.” PDP Dismisses Purported Suspension of Egwu, Others, in EbonyiThe @OfficialPDPNig dismisses misleading publications suggesting that some key leaders in Ebonyi state, including former Governor of Ebonyi state, Senator Sam Egwu and 23 other leaders were suspended from our party. pic.twitter.com/fH8lrNCxj1 Source