President-elect Joe Biden is calling for access to the Trump administration’s COVID-19 vaccine distribution plan, saying “more people may die” if there’s no coordination with his transition team.  During an address on Monday, Biden celebrated the “great news” that COVID-19 vaccines from Moderna and Pfizer appear to be more than 90 percent effective, but said “the sooner we have access to the administration’s distribution plan, the sooner this transition would smoothly move forward.” As President Trump continues to refuse to concede the 2020 presidential election, Biden’s transition team “does not have access to the administration’s COVID-19 data and vaccine distribution plans,” CNN reports. Asked what is the biggest threat of Trump obstructing a smooth transfer of power, Biden said, “More people may die if we don’t coordinate.” It’s crucial for his transition team to know what the “game plan” is for the “huge undertaking” of vaccinating over 300 million Americans, he added. “If we have to wait until January 20th to start that planning, it puts us behind, over a month, month and a half,” Biden said. “And so it’s important that there be coordination now, now or as rapidly as we can get that done.” Ron Klain, Biden’s chief of staff pick, previously emphasized the importance of the transition being able to access the administration’s vaccine distribution plan, saying, “Our experts need to talk to those people as soon as possible so nothing drops in this change of power we’re going to have on January 20th.” And asked on Sunday whether it would be best if health officials could begin working with Biden’s team, Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s top infectious disease expert, told CNN “of course” it would be, adding, “That’s obvious.” "More people may die if we don't coordinate," Biden says about Trump administration's refusal to help his transition and COVID-19 plans https://t.co/kFrcNHA9Vf pic.twitter.com/BVDTk1mu7y US President-elect Joe Biden took the first steps Sunday towards moving into the White House in 73 days, as Donald Trump again refused to admit defeat and tried to sow doubt about the election results. With congratulations pouring in from world leaders and supporters nursing hangovers after a night of… November 9, 2020 In "Foreign" President-elect Joe Biden’s task force to combat the growing coronavirus emergency will include a former Trump administration official who sounded the alarm over untested drugs promoted by the president as his aides ignored warnings and rewarded cronies while the nation’s case count surged. Rick Bright, whose office was responsible for… November 9, 2020 In "News" By Maeve Reston and Stephen Collinson President Donald Trump will win the crucial swing state of Florida, whose 29 electoral votes were considered critical to his reelection push. Trump and Joe Biden are slugging out a tight battle for the White House across the country with signs that a momentous… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign"