Traditional rulers in Njaba Local Government Area of Imo State have accused the acting coucil chairman, Emeka Iheanacho, and other politicians, of sabotaging the recruitment of constables for community policing. Chairman of Njaba Council of Traditional Rulers and monarch of Amazano community Caesar Duruegbusuo made the allegation at a stakeholders’ meeting at Nkume Community Hall. Duruegbusuo said politicians hijacked the recruitment and sidelined the royal fathers who are the chief security officers of their communities. According to him, this negated the instructions of Governor Hope Uzodimma, and said it could sabotage government’s security efforts. He said: “Governor Uzodimma said traditional rulers should select people to fill up the community policing list. Unfortunately, politicians in the council decided to select their boys. We’re talking about security, and there is no way you will bring someone to secure any community without the leadership knowing who it is. “We therefore reject the list sent for community policing from Njaba. The people we selected were rejected by politicians who substituted them with their loyalists. No monarch should be held accountable for any security breach in any community in Njaba. Our governor should note this.” But Chairman of the Interim Management Chairman (IMC) Emeka Iheanacho debunked the allegation, saying, “We chose only qualified candidates from the communities in Njaba”. Iheanacho also denied that the royal fathers were sidelined in the selection process as they made contributions. He promised that the monarchs would be given the opportunity to make substantial contributions in future recruitments. The Nation Umuahia  -  Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has called for cordial relationship between community leaders and security agencies. Ikpeazu made the call said at a one-day Peace and Security Summit organised by the State Government for the state’s traditional rulers in Umuahia on Friday. He said such a relationship would… May 14, 2016 In "News" The Inspector General of Police, Mr. Mohammed Adamu, has said the 36 Nigerians arrested for allegedly vandalising businesses belonging to South Africans in reaction to the xenophobic attacks will be prosecuted. Adamu said Nigeria is a country being governed by laws, describing those displaying such anti-xenophobic destruction as criminals and… September 5, 2019 In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari says that collaboration between traditional and state authorities is crucial in community policing. Buhari, represented by Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, made this submission while declaring open the 2019 General Assembly of the National Council of Traditional Rulers of Nigeria (NCTRN) on Wednesday in… December 11, 2019 In "News"