Boxers have expressed delight at the return of GOtv Boxing Night. The 21st edition of the event has been scheduled to hold on April 12, but was postponed due to Coronavirus pandemic and lockdown subsequently imposed. The edition, which is now scheduled to hold on November 27 at the Rowe Park Sports Centre, Lagos, has thrilled most of the pugilsits. The event will be headlined by a national bantamweight title bout between Habeeb Oladeji and Tunde ‘Turning Star’ Olojede. Other bouts include a national light heavyweight challenge contest between Segun ‘Success’ Olanrewaju and Cosmos David and national super featherweight challenge between Sikiru ‘Omo Iya Eleja’ Shogbesan and Kazeem Oliwo. Speaking during an interview yesterday, Rilwan “Babyface” Babatunde, the West African Boxing Union (WABU) welterweight champion, said he is thrilled to return to action after a seven-month break. Babatunde, who is billed to fight Jubril Olalekan in a challenge duel, said: “I can’t wait to fight again. I never stopped training even for one day, so I fully prepared for the fight,” he said. Former African Boxing Union (ABU) light welterweight champion, Olaide ‘Fijaborn’ Fijabi, who is making a ring return after two years, also said he is excited at the chance to fight again. Fijabi, who will fight Dennis Mbat, said he expects to make a triumphant ring return. “I’m happy to be back. Covid-19 disrupted my programme, but I am grateful to God that the ban on sporting activities has been lifted. Mbat will fall in three rounds,” Fijabi said. WABU lightweight champion, Rilwan “Real One” Oladosu, who has his eyes on the African title, said GOtv Boxing Night 21 has given him the opportunity to restart his bid for the continental title. The Nation By Babatunde Ogunrinde Lagos - The organisers of the GOtv Boxing Night extravaganza on Tuesday said that the 18th edition of the boxing show would hold in Ibadan on April 21 to celebrate he Easter. Jenkins Alumona, the Chief EXecutive Officer (CEO) of Flykite Productions, told newsmen in Lagos that… April 2, 2019 In "Sports" By Babtunde Ogunrinde   Seven bouts are scheduled to take place in the 12th Gotv Boxing Nigth, tagged “The Independence Edition’’ to celebrate Nigeria on her 57th anniversary on Oct. 1, the organizers have said. Flykite Producions in collaboration with Multichoice Nigeria, owners of Gotv Networks announced this in on… September 12, 2017 In "Sports" By Babatunde Ogunrinde Lagos - Ghanaian welterweight boxer Eden Biki will now take on reigning West African Boxing Union (WABU) champion Rilwan “Babyface” Babatunde of Nigeria at GOtv Boxing Night 19 on July 14. Biki was chosen for the bout after Daniel Lartey, the Ghanaian earlier scheduled to face Babatunde,… June 19, 2019 In "Sports"