Former President George W. Bush congratulated President-elect Joe Biden in a telephone call on Sunday. He said while President Donald Trump has the right to pursue legal challenges and recounts, the race was “fundamentally fair” and “its outcome is clear.” The gesture by Bush, the only living former Republican president, was a break from his party’s outgoing president, Trump, who has so far refused to concede the race. In the statement, Bush said he had called Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris on Sunday. The statement reads: “Though we have political differences, I know Joe Biden to be a good man, who has won his opportunity to lead and unify our country. “The President-elect reiterated that while he ran as a Democrat, he will govern for all Americans. I offered him the same thing I offered Presidents Trump and Obama: my prayers for his success, and my pledge to help in any way I can.” Bush also offered congratulations in the statement to Trump “on a hard-fought campaign,” nodding to his “extraordinary political achievement” of winning the votes of more than 70 million Americans, the second-most in history behind Biden. “They have spoken, and their voices will continue to be heard through elected Republicans at every level of government,” Bush said. The Nation Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Democrat Joe Biden took a huge step Wednesday to capturing the White House, with wins in Michigan and Wisconsin bringing him close to a majority, but President Donald Trump responded with fury as his campaign sued to suspend vote counting.In a brief address on national television,… November 5, 2020 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - European Union leaders Charles Michel and Ursula von der Leyen hailed Joe Biden’s electoral victory as president of the United States on Saturday and called for stronger transatlantic ties. “I warmly congratulate Mr Joe Biden on his victory in the US presidential election and look forward… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Harrison Arubu New York - Sen. Kamala Harris was a fierce critic of Joe Biden during the Democratic Party’s presidential primary won by the latter. Harris, 55, contested against Biden for the party’s ticket and dealt him severe blows during the debates in 2019. But on Tuesday, Biden named… August 12, 2020 In "Foreign"