Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Democratic Party candidate, Joe Biden, needs six more electoral votes to win the 2020 US presidential election, even as incumbent Donald Trump had demanded a stop to vote counting, the Daily Mail reports.Trump has launched a lawsuit in Nevada, a city which could hand Biden the victory.The Nevada lawsuit is similar to legal action the Trump campaign is launching in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Georgia as Biden approaches the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency.In Wisconsin, a state called for Biden, the campaign has requested a recount.Trump has spent the past few days inside the White House, consulting his advisers about the race.If state officials stop counting now and the election were called on the current tallies, Biden would be declared winner.Trump needs to make up vote gaps in Arizona and Nevada in order to win the election, which ironically means he needs officials there to keep counting the ballots.The Associated Press has awarded Biden 264 electoral votes and Nevada’s six electoral votes would put him exactly at 270, handing him the presidency.Nevada, where Biden leads by less than 8,000 votes, is expected to release another tranche of votes later Thursday. Georgia and Pennsylvania are also expected to release additional vote counts today. Early indications suggested Trump would win Georgia - but it's now looking very close. Why? The chart below shows how the vote share in narrowing as more mail-in votes are counted. Mail-in votes are thought to favour Biden - one theory being that Democrats are taking the pandemic more seriously… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Donald Trump is "alive and kicking" as he prepares to launch legal action to stop some counts and challenge results in key battlegrounds he is projected to lose, his team has said. The US president's campaign manager gave an update on their tactics and claimed Americans had lost faith in… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" A tense US presidential election was still undecided on Wednesday, even as Democratic candidate Joe Biden’s path to the White House became clearer with projected wins in battlegrounds Wisconsin and Michigan. Biden expressed confidence in winning the race, while President Donald Trump claimed victories in a number of swing states… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign"