ZARIA – In what seems fast becoming a sort of epidemic, bandits again struck in the far north this time at Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), one of Nigeria’s premier universities where they spirited away an entire family from the staff quarters in Zaria. In the daredevil attack, which is becoming an everyday story, the bandits were said to have abducted a staff, his wife and daughter in the incident which occurred barely 24 hours after nine students of the university, kidnapped on Kaduna-Abuja highway last Sunday regained freedom. Malam Auwalu Umar, spokesman of the institution, who confirmed the incident in a statement on Monday, said security operatives engaged the kidnappers in exchange of fire, but added that the two women were released when the security chased the kidnappers into the bush. Umar, University’s Director of Public Affairs, said: “At about 12:50am on Monday, 23rd November, 2020 kidnappers invaded the house of a staff member of the University on Sardauna Crescent, Area BZ, Main Campus, Samaru, Zaria. They went away with him along with his wife and daughter. “The University Security Division quickly informed the operatives of the Police Intelligence Response Team that advanced to the scene following the distress call. “There was an exchange of fire between the kidnappers and the mobile police operatives. When it was clear that they would be overpowered, the kidnappers ran into the bush along with the victims. “As the police went after them up to Kasuwar Da’a village bordering the University, the kidnappers then released the wife and the daughter and went away with the husband. Some empty shells were recovered from the scene. “The Inspector General of Police and other security agencies, as well as all relevant government establishments have been duly informed of the unfortunate incident. The Vice-Chancellor, Professor Kabir Bala, urges the University community to remain calm and vigilant to avoid the recurrence of the incident.” By Mohammad Tijjani Kaduna - The Kaduna State Police Command, on Friday said it had arrested three suspects alleged to have killed a personnel of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC). The Command’s Public Relation Officer, ASP Aliyu Usman, said in a statement issued in Kaduna, that the command… September 30, 2016 In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Gunmen have abducted the daughter of the former Vice-Chancellor of the Ahamdu Bello University (ABU) Zaria, Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, from their residence in Zaria, Kaduna State. According to a statement by the spokesperson of the Kaduna State Police command, DSP Yakubu Sabo, the gunmen stormed the… February 10, 2020 In "Top Stories" More details have emerged the ABU students who were kidnapped by bandits before regaining freedom. A parent of one of the students of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Kaduna state, who was abducted a week ago, says his daughter’s abductors threatened to turn her into a sex slave if he did… November 22, 2020 In "News"