A middle-age man, Olatunji Atangbayila, has raised the alarm over a threat to his life and family members by suspected herdsmen in Akure, Ondo State. Atangbayila raised the alarm at his residence in Akure, Ondo State, while conducting newsmen round his home which was destroyed by herdsmen in an attack that coincided with the recent #EndSARS protests. It would be recalled that the farmland of a former Secretary to the Federal Government, Chief Olu Falae in Ilado, Akure, a few kilometers from Atangbayila’s residence, was penultimate Sunday ravaged, for the umpteenth time by suspected herdsmen. According to Atangbayila, no fewer than ten herdsmen visited his house on September 19, 2020 when he and his family had travelled out of the state. ”They pulled down my perimeter fence, worth hundreds of thousands of naira, accusing me of blocking the way to the stream where their cattle graze and drink water”. The Nation •Grief! 94–year–old Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti, being consoled by Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu in Akure, yesterday. . .Photo: SEUN AKINGBOYE By Seye Olumide, Terhemba Daka (Abuja), Charles Coffie Gyamfi (Abeokuta), Rotimi Agboluaje (Ibadan), Ayodele Afolabi (Ado Ekiti) and Oluwaseun Akingboye (Akure) • Buhari Calls Grieving Pa Fasoranti• Death… July 14, 2019 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Reports across the South-West states have shown that the insecurity level occasioned by the activities of herdsmen has reached a threatening point. The situation is now being likened to an existential threat by most stakeholders in the region. Villages are being attacked at will by herdsmen… May 31, 2019 In "Top Stories" Hack 70-year-old to death, chop off son’s hand Monarch: they rape our women and daughters incessantly We’re already addressing the problem –Police Suspected herdsmen have continued to wreak havoc at Oja Odan and 28 other communities in Yewa North Local Government Area of Ogun State, where they recently killed a… February 15, 2020 In "News"