The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has described the killing of a newspaper vendor in Abuja by one of the security details as horrible, saying he is distraught by the incident.  Gbajabiamila, in a statement he personally signed and issued in the early hours of Friday, said he did not know that someone was killed in the attempt to protect him until he arrived his destination. The PUNCH had reported how a security aide to the Speaker shot the vendor in the head. The incident, which occurred at the Federal Secretariat, Abuja, around 3 pm on Thursday, had caused panic in the area. The victim, identified as Ifeanyi Okereke, was subsequently rushed to the National Hospital by his brother and some police officers, where he reportedly died. It was learnt that the shooting happened when Okereke and other street vendors selling on the Shehu Shagari Way, Three Arms Zone, flocked around the convoy of the Speaker, who was said to be in the habit of giving out money anytime he passed them. The Speaker’s statement read, “A horrible incident has taken place. This evening as I left the national assembly, I stopped as usual to exchange pleasantries with the newspaper vendors at the corner. Many of them have known me since I first moved to Abuja and it was a friendly exchange. “Unfortunately, after the convoy set out in continuation of movement, unidentified men obstructed the convoy which got the attention of security men in the convoy who shot into the air to disperse them.  Source By Femi Ogunshola Abuja - As the race for the 9th Speaker of the House of Representatives intensifies, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila has appointed Rep. Abdularaheem Olawuyi from Kwara as his North central mobilisation coordinator. Mr Lanre Agas, the Senior Legislative Aide to Olawuyi, said in a statement on Tuesday in… April 2, 2019 In "Politics" …Wase Settles for Deputy Speaker amidst Christian-Muslim Rivalry Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The route to the Speakership of the 9th House of Representatives seems to be getting smoother for Mr. Femi Gbajabiamila (APC, Surulere, Lagos State) as four of his co-contestants for the position have pulled out of the race for… May 19, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Femi Ogunshola   Abuja   - Rep Femi Gbajabiamila, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, has said that all arms of government must work to address security challenges in the country.   The speaker said this in a statement issued and made available to newsmen by Lanre Lasisi, his… September 24, 2020 In "Politics"