Amid the reactions trailing the defection of Governor Dave Umahi from the Peoples Democratic Party to the All Progressives Congress, Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has suggested that one more governor will leave the party. “I can tell you, there is one PDP governor that will leave,” he said Wednesday during an appearance on Politics Today, a Channels Television programme. Governor Wike, however, declined to give the name of the governor or when he will leave the party. Just like Umahi, he expects the governor to “come up with another excuse” when giving reasons for his defection. “The point is that these are the people who have been playing anti-party (politics). They will be romancing with the APC in the night and coming out to PDP in the day time,” he said. Anti-party activities have bothered Governor Wike for some time but he does not think the PDP is taking the problem as seriously as it should. “My problem with our party is that when you speak the truth, they want to crucify you. I have raised this issue severally and severally and severally,” he said. Umahi’s defection has created a political storm, sparking angry reactions from the PDP and cutting down the number of governors the party has in the South-East to two (Abia and Enugu). The APC controls Imo and now Ebonyi, while APGA holds sway in Anambra. Governor Wike believes that people attribute too much power to governors when the real power lies with the people. Citing the 2019 victories PDP recorded over incumbent APC governors in Bauchi and Adamawa, he downplayed the impact of Umahi’s defection on future elections. “We didn’t have party structure in Adamawa, we won because the people spoke. We didn’t have party structure in Bauchi, we won. The people spoke,” he said. “As I speak to you today, performance is what gives any party, assuming a ruling party in that state, an advantage to win a future election. It is not because you are the governor.” (Channels TV) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rivers Stat koe Governor, Nyesom Wike, on Wednesday, slams his Ebonyi State counterpart, Dave Umahi, for calling him a dictator who controls the structure of the Peoples Democratic Party.Wike also said Umahi was wrong to have said he singlehandedly imposed Uche Secondus as the National Chairman… November 19, 2020 In "Top Stories" THERE was disquiet in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday, following the defection of Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi to the All Progressives Congress (APC). It was learnt that the defection unsettled the party’s leadership after making a last-minute effort to dissuade Umahi from leaving its fold. The party… November 18, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Over the years, political actors in Rivers State have made it extremely difficult for public affairs watchers not to read meanings into what ordinary folks would dismiss. Although the 2023 political calendar is more than two years away observers have started making their own calculations and… September 6, 2020 In "Top Stories"