Air Vice Marshall Ahmed Mu’azu (retd) has taken over the affairs of the Independent National Electoral Commission on Monday.  This comes after Prof. Mahmood Yakubu stepped aside pending his confirmation by the Senate. Yakubu said, “You may recall that the current Commission was inaugurated in three batches. The chairman and five Commissioners were sworn-in on 9th November 2015, followed by another six Commissioners on December 7, 2016, and one more Commissioner on July 21, 2018. “The commission is a constitutional body whose members are appointed for five years which may be renewed for a second and final term. This means that my tenure and that of the first set of five Commissioners ends today. “As you are already aware, the renewal of my tenure as Chairman of the Commission has been announced, subject to confirmation by the Senate. Our work as election managers requires us to enforce the law, regulations, and guidelines. In doing so, we must demonstrate strict respect for, and compliance with, the Constitution of Nigeria and subsidiary laws. “Consequently, it will be inappropriate for me to remain in office beyond today, 9th November 2020, without confirmation by the Senate and swearing to another oath of office as provided by law. “Pending the conclusion of the statutory process, the remaining National Commissioners have resolved that AVM Ahmed Mu’azu (retd) will oversee the affairs of the Commission. “It is therefore my pleasure to hand over to him in the interim. We have worked as a team for the last four years. Therefore, there is nothing new to anyone of them. “I wish to express my appreciation for the support of the Commission members, the Resident Electoral Commissioners, the Secretary to the Commission, the Director-General of the Electoral Institute, Directors, members of the technical team, heads of the various security agencies deployed to INEC and all staff of the Commission nationwide. I look forward to working with you again.”  Source  •Prof Umar Danbatta at the Senate Committee screening on Wednesday ABUJA - The Nigerian Senate has poured commendation on the Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission, (NCC), Prof Umar Garba Danbatta, describing him as a round peg in a round hole, TNTV Network learnt Prof. Danbatta who appeared… July 15, 2020 In "Technology" Abuja  - President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday inaugurated the new INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, and five national commissioners of the commission. Speaking at the inaugural ceremony at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, Buhari enjoined the new INEC chairman and the national commissioners to resist undue external influence. The President, who… November 9, 2015 In "News" Abuja  -   Seven out of 13 commissioners of the National Assembly Service Commission on Thursday passed a vote of no confidence on their Chairman, Dr Adamu Fika, over the appointment of the assembly clerk. The commissioners, who made their position known in a letter to the chairman in Abuja… April 29, 2016 In "News"