Bahrain’s Prince Khalifa bin Salman al-Khalifa, the world’s longest-serving prime minister who had held the post since independence in 1971, died Wednesday at the age of 84, state media announced.  “The Royal Court mourns His Royal Highness… who passed away this morning at Mayo Clinic Hospital in the United States of America,” the Bahrain News Agency said, adding that the country will hold a week of official mourning. The burial ceremony will take place after the body has been transported home from the United States, and will be limited to a “specific number” of relatives in line with coronavirus restrictions. During the mourning period, flags will be flown at half-mast and government ministries and departments closed for three days. Prince Khalifa was a controversial figure during his long time in office — and deeply unpopular with the Sunni-ruled kingdom’s Shiite majority.  When Shiite-led protesters occupied Manama’s Pearl Square for a month in 2011, before being driven out by Saudi-backed security forces, their main demand was for Khalifa to step down.  (AFP) •Streets were almost empty in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on Tuesday. The kingdom’s biggest cities are all under a 24-hour lockdown.Credit...Ahmed Yosri/Reuters By David D. Kirkpatrick and Ben Hubbard The senior Saudi prince who is governor of Riyadh is in intensive care with the coronavirus. Several dozen other members of the… April 8, 2020 In "Foreign" DUBAI - The United Arab Emirates said on Thursday that “extremist militias” were controlling the Libyan capital which its ally Khalifa Haftar is fighting to capture from forces allied to Libya’s internationally recognised government. A Libyan man carries a picture of Khalifa Haftar during a demonstration to support Libyan National… May 2, 2019 In "Foreign" By Ulf Laessing BAYDA, Libya In a hotel lit by a generator in the eastern Libyan town of Bayda, Economy Minister Munir Ali Asr outlines optimistic plans to attract investment to a country ravaged by war and political chaos. Outside, Bayda lies in darkness after another power cut. Hundreds of… February 23, 2015 In "Foreign"