The campaign of President Donald Trump has filed a lawsuit in Michigan to stop the counting of ballots in the presidential election. “We have filed suit today in the Michigan Court of Claims to halt counting until meaningful access has been granted. We also demand to review those ballots which were opened and counted while we did not have meaningful access,” the campaign said in a statement. There is no clear presidential winner in the swing state, which has 16 electoral votes, according to Edison Research. Republican Trump’s opponent, Democrat Joe Biden, has a razor-thin margin in Michigan, where 92% of the expected vote is in. Trump’s campaign is also demanding a recount in Wisconsin, another state where he is neck and neck with Biden. As at about 9pm Nigerian Time on Wednesday, Biden had already won 248 electoral votes, remaining only 22 to hit the 270 he requires to be declared President. This is in addition of having already won over 50 percent of the popular votes (70,437,962 or 50.15%). Trump trailed with 214 electoral votes and 67,752,977 (48.23%) popular votes. •Based on reports by Reuters and Yahoo News. Joe Biden’s White House campaign slammed US President Donald Trump’s threat to try to stop the election vote count as “outrageous” early Wednesday, saying its legal team was ready to prevent such an “unprecedented” act. “The president’s statement tonight about trying to shut down the counting of duly cast ballots… November 4, 2020 In "Foreign" President Donald Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden had one last chance to make their case to voters in critical battleground states on Monday – the final full day of a campaign that laid bare their dramatically different visions for tackling the nation’s pressing problems and for the office of… November 3, 2020 In "Foreign" President Donald Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden had one last chance to make their case to voters in critical battleground states on Monday – the final full day of a campaign that laid bare their dramatically different visions for tackling the nation’s pressing problems and for the office of… November 3, 2020 In "Foreign"