Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Delta state Governor Ifeanyi Okowa  has said that his administration has no plan to stop the pensions of past governors and their deputies in the state.Okowa said this while reacting to the decision of his counterpart in Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to repeal the pension laws for former governors of Lagos state.Speaking with journalists in Asaba, the Delta state capital on November 11, Governor Okowa said:“There is an existing law in Delta State on what accrued to the governors and their deputies, that I don’t want to touch. We are not thinking in that direction. My counterpart in Lagos may have reasons why he wants the law repealed but we in Delta don’t want to go into that.I don’t want to comment on the decision of Lagos State Governor. Each state has the power to make a decision concerning its governance.”Reacting to the decision of the Federal government to allow Zamfara state government to manage their resources, Governor Okowa said the South-South governors will be meeting with the Chief of Staff of President Buhari, Ibrahim Gambari,  to address the issue.“That’s why South-South governors are insisting on restructuring and for us to manage our resources. We will be meeting with the President’s Chief of Staff on Friday in Port -Harcourt, so we believe our voice should be heard.If FG should allow Zamfara to manage their resources, South-South should be also be allowed to manage our own,” he said. By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba -   Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has assured that his administration would implement the law on financial autonomy for the legislature and the Judiciary as soon as it gets to his table. The governor made this known on Monday at the swearing-in of Mr Tony… June 11, 2018 In "Politics" ... Ex-President is a man who stabilised the nation, says Okowa ASABA (Sundiata Post) - Former President Goodluck Jonathan on Tuesday charged traditional rulers across the country not to shirk from their responsibility of working towards ensuring that peace reigns in their domains. Jonathan gave the advice in Oporoza, Delta… December 6, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba -   The Delta State chapter of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners (NUP), on Monday staged a peaceful protest in Asaba, requesting the state government to pay N8.1 billion owed its members. The State Chairman, Ogbuefi Robert Chukwunyem, told newsmen that the protest preceded the 2016… December 13, 2016 In "News"