Ivana, the first wife of Donald Trump has branded him a “bad loser” following his bitter US election defeat.  The 71-year-old, who is the mother of Trump’s three eldest children, suggested he should go down to Palm Beach, where he owns a luxury estate, to accept his political career is over. Ivana said: “He’s not a good loser. He doesn’t like to lose, so he’s going to fight and fight and fight. “He has to go and declare that he lost. “I just want this whole thing to be over with, one way or another. I really don’t care. “I don’t think he has a choice. He’s going to go down to Palm Beach and play golf and live the normal life, I think. “This is the best choice for what he can do. “He hates to be a loser, that I’m sure of. But if he loses, he loses.” Ivana, a former model from the Czech Republic, married Mr Trump in 1977. They share children Donald Jr, 42, Ivanka, 39, and Eric, 36. They divorced in 1992 after Mr Trump’s affair with actress Marla Marples, who went on to become his second wife. Ivana said her children were doing “fine” but added that she hoped they could lead more normal lives now the election campaign is over. She said: “I think they enjoyed being around Donald and running the election and seeing what will happen, but now it is – thank God – over. “I’m not really sure what they are going to be up to. I just want them to be able to live their normal lives. “Not the Washington life and all that, just in New York or wherever they’re going to be and just live their normal lives.”  Source •US President Donald Trump After three and a half years of his presidency, US President Donald Trump appears to have exhausted all surprises in the bag, except, of course, the next one. And that next one could be the big one: Will Trump leave the White House if he loses… July 9, 2020 In "Opinion" If there was any hope­ that Donald Trump wo­uld change tactics an­d be more restrained ­after winning the Rep­ublican party Preside­ntial nomination for ­the November 8 US ele­ction, that hope is n­ow lost.  The fellow ­has remained aggressi­ve, incorrigibly bras­h and completely negative. Washington Post­ columnist Eugene Rob­inson has asked:… August 5, 2016 In "Opinion" Donald Trump, president of the United States, disparaged Joe Biden, his opponent for the American presidency, over the wearing of masks in this era of the coronavirus pandemic. In his typical macho fashion, Trump mocked Biden and castigated him as a sissy. He boasted: “I don’t wear a mask like… October 5, 2020 In "Opinion"