A fatal accident has claimed the life of a Lance Corporal of the Nigerian army in Calabar. According to Vanguard, the sad incident happened in the early hours of today. It was gathered that the victim identified as Lance Corporal Hassan Haruna, was an officer of the Nigerian Army with the Amphibious Training School, ATS in Calabar, Cross River State capital. The victim who was identified as Lance Corporal Hassan Haruna died on the spot due to the impact from the accident as he sustained serious head injury during the accident which led to his death. Vanguard learned that the tragic incident occurred on Monday at about 7:25am at Ikot Ansa Bus Stop along Muritala Mohammed Highway, Calabar Municipality LGA. An eyewitness who pleaded anonymity told Vanguard that the Army officer was trying to overtake the truck which belongs to Flour Mills (Niger Mills) when the truck rammed into him, crushing him to death on the spot. The truck was coming from 8 miles and was on the speed lane. Immediately I saw the army man on a motorcycle speeding, I had a premonition that something bad will happen . “It was like a dream,in a twinkle of an eye I heard a loud vehicular break sound and everyone started shouting and screaming Jesus!! Jesus!!. “Before we could look ahead, we saw the army officer lying dead in his uniform. At first, we were praying for him to be alive but those who tried to help him confirmed he was already death due to the impact from the truck, because his skull was badly affected . “The truck driver ran away immediately he hit the soldier but he was later arrested around Calabar-Calabar (RCC) round-about. However the death of the soldier sparked anger amongst his colleagues and they started arresting truck drivers from Flour Mill as many of them decided to stay of the Muritala Mohammed highway. Another eyewitness said: ”Some soldiers came here after the incident and carried the dead body of the army man. They arrested one of the Flour Mills truck driver that was also coming into the town and took him away. They later came back with him and took him alongside his truck. “Now, all trucks belonging to Flour Mills, when they heard about the incident, they started packing by the roadside. You can see about three trucks lining up the road already. No one wants to drive because of the fear of being arrested by the Army”, he said . Source •Abubakar Mallam, AGF and Minister of Justice ADELANI ADEPEGBA writes on the alleged involvement of 10 soldiers in the killing of policemen, who were assigned to arrest a kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu, in Taraba State, and the statements made by the soldiers at the sitting of the joint investigation panel… June 11, 2020 In "Features" Lagos- A motor accident, allegedly caused by a staff of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), on Wednesday killed two commercial motorcyclists and injured at least eight customs officers. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the incident occurred at Ports and Terminal Multiservices Ltd (PTML), Mile 2, Lagos.… January 15, 2015 In "News" ABUJA - A member of the Intelligence Response Team, Inspector Sanni Habeeb, who survived the attack by soldiers, who killed three policemen and two civilians, has narrated how he narrowly escaped being murdered during the incident. Habeeb, 38, explained that the soldiers attached to Battalion 93 shot the driver of… June 17, 2020 In "News"