Troops of Operation Accord in Sokoto State have rescued scores of motorists and also foiled a robbery operation along Tashan Bawa-Kuyelo road. The troops, deployed at Dungun Muazu had received a distress call from motorists that suspected bandits barricaded the road, in an attempt to rob road users. According to the Defence Media Operations (DMO), the troops, who swiftly responded, made contact with robbers. Its Coordinator, Maj. Gen. John Enenche, in a statement, said troops’ superior firepower forced robbers to escape into the bush, adding that normalcy has since been restored to the general area. Part of the statement reads: “Troops of Operation Accord have intensified the onslaught against criminal elements with attendant successes. Following credible intelligence on the presence of kidnappers in Garin Arawa of Tangaza LGA of Sokoto State on 16 November 2020, troops immediately mobilized to the village and made contact with kidnappers. “In the course of the encounter, one kidnapper was killed in contact while others escaped with gunshot wounds. Items recovered from the operation, include one AK-47 rifle, one magazine and one motorcycle. “In another development, troops deployed at Jibia arrested 2 suspected kidnappers named Malam Ismail Isah and Malam Sale Samaila at Tsembe Kolumbo village in Jibia Local Government Area of Katsina State. Suspects are currently in custody for further investigation. “In the same vein, one suspected bandit named Bello Ardo from Yargoje town in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State was arrested on 16 November 2020 by the gallant troops. The suspect is currently in custody undergoing investigation.” Source GENERAL UPDATE ON ARMED FORCES OF NIGERIA OPERATIONS FROM 22 TO 29 OCTOBER 2020 1.   In line with our weekly schedule, this morning I will be briefing you on operations of the Armed Forces of Nigeria in conjunction other security agencies across the Country from 22 to 29 October… October 30, 2020 In "News" Abuja -  Troops of 33 Brigade, Nigerian Army, have killed 3 armed kidnappers and destroyed their camps in Bauchi State. This is contained in a statement issued by Col. Sani Usman, the Acting Director, Army Public Relations, and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. ``Troops… August 22, 2016 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Nigerian Army says its troops of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD), have continued to pounce on Boko Haram and Islamic State for West Africa (ISWAP) terrorists in the North East. The Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator, Col. Aminu Iliyasu, in a statement on Sunday, said… January 26, 2020 In "News"