Residents of Maraba, a town in Nasarawa State, bordering the Federal Capital Territory, staged a protest against poor electricity supply and overbilling by officials of Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC). The residents on Thursday morning assembled outside the Maraba branch of the AEDC office and displayed various placards lamenting over poor electricity supply and describing it as injustice. They lamented that the poor power supply has remained for four years despite promises of improvement from the electricity company. The residents also accused the AEDC officials of power racketeering. Meanwhile, the branch manager of the AEDC office in Maraba, Kingsly Ehikame, who addressed the protesters denied the allegations of power racketeering. He insisted that the complaint of residents have long been forwarded to the head office of the AEDC company. See photos from the protest below… (Channels TV) ABUJA - Some electricity consumers in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) on Wednesday called on the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) to ensure stable power supply during the Christmas and New Year periods. The consumers told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that every family deserved to celebrate the season… December 10, 2014 In "News" Olukayode Babalola Lafia -  Some residents of  Lafia on Saturday lamented poor service being rendered by the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC), saying the company had no business remaining in the town. The residents voiced out their feelings during a Townhall meeting organised by Nigeria Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) held… July 15, 2017 In "News" Lokoja -  The Kogi State Government on Saturday averted a mass protest planned by aggrieved electricity consumers in Ogori/Magongo Local Government Area, over poor power supply and abnormal billing. The Special Adviser on Energy and Power to the Governor, Mr Otayitie Eminefo, convened an emergency stakeholders town hall meeting in… December 8, 2018 In "News"