Operatives of the Kaduna State Police Command have arrested three suspects in connection with the stealing of a three-day-old baby at Rigasa in Igabi Local Government Area of the state. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalige, said the baby stolen from Kaduna shortly after birth, was found by a crack team of detectives from the command in Bauchi State. Jalige said those apprehended by the command in connection with the crime included a couple and another accomplice. He identified the suspects as Kabir Suleiman 30 years (husband), Aisha Musa 19 years (wife) and Salamatu Musa 27 years, all of Abuja road, Rigasa, a suburb in the state. The police spokesman said they have all confessed to the crime and would soon be charged to court for prosecution. Jalige quoted the State Police Commissioner, Umar Muri, to have cautioned parents to be wary of those they entrust their children to avoid unpleasant consequences. A statement by Jalige on the matter on Friday read: “On 9th November 2020, the Kaduna State Police Command received a complaint of a missing three (3) days old baby boy. On receipt of the complaint, the operatives of the command immediately swung into action, gathered sufficient intelligence, and succeeded in arresting the suspects namely; Kabiru Suleiman 30 years (Husband), Aisha Musa 19 years (Wife), and Salamatu Musa 27 years of age all resident of Abuja Road Rigasa. “It is worthy to note that the suspects started nurturing the evil plan during the early period of the pregnancy by coming closer to the expectant mother in the guise of friendship and succeeded in whisking away the baby three days after delivery to an unknown destination. “The suspects were arrested by the Command’s Operatives on 26th November 2020 about 1300hrs in their hideout at Unguwan Baraya Jos Road, Bauchi, Bauchi State and recovered the baby safely and subsequently handed him over to his parents. Upon investigation, the suspects confessed to the crime and will be charged to court to face the consequences of their action. “In light of the above, the Commissioner of Police Kaduna Command CP Umar M. Muri is calling on the people of Kaduna State to be wary of whom they entrust their children and wards, to avoid the repeat of such incident as children are a precious gift from God which should be guided. Punch It has been revealed that Nigeria's minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi yesterday narrowly escaped from kidnappers. Hundreds of Abuja-Kaduna train passengers, including the minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, have escaped attack by kidnappers on Sunday evening, according to a report by Daily Nigeria. The report further revealed that the kidnappers… February 17, 2020 In "Politics" KADUNA - Four youths have allegedly been killed by Policemen at Tirkania community, a suburb of Kaduna metropolis. Our reporter gathered that 10 others sustained gun shot injuries with seven in critical condition. The injured are receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospitals in the area, Daily Trust was informed. Daily… April 7, 2020 In "News" A 32 year old wife of a student pastor, Mrs. Leritshimwa Diyal has revealed why She stole a three day old baby at the Plateau state specialist hospital in Jos, Plateau State. Mrs. Diyal who has been married for seven years without a child told Journalists that She stole the… June 20, 2019 In "News"