Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki has arrived Ilorin, the Kwara State capital. The arrival to his GRA to his hometown is the first since the 2019 general elections where he lost his bid to return to the Senate. Bukola’s visit to the town is for the eight-year Fidau prayer for his late dad, Olushola Saraki and the silver jubilee anniversary of the coronation of the Emir of Ilorin, Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari. The ex-Senate President was welcomed by a huge crowd of supporters at the Ilorin International Airport. Supporters lined up the route leading to the palace of the Emir of Ilorin. Thereafter, Saraki arrived his family’s GRA residence where the Chief Imam of Ilorin, Alhaji Muhammad Bashir led the prayers. Also present is his younger sister who is also the Minister of State for Transport, Gbemisola Saraki. Saraki lost the February 23 National Assembly election to represent Kwara Central Senatorial District. Although he contested under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), he polled 68,994 votes to trail behind Dr Ibrahim Oloriegbe of the All Progressives Congress (APC) who garnered 123,808. See Photos Below: Channels TV Everyone who isn’t a victim of the current fascist mass hypnotism in Nigeria knows that Bukola Saraki was the target of a carefully executed and well-funded rigging assault by the Buhari presidency. For instance, a few days before the February 16 election, which was suspiciously canceled at the last minute,… March 11, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate President, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, was on Sunday conferred with the traditional title ‘Wazirin Ilorin’ by the Emir of Ilorin, Alhaji Ibrahim Sulu-Gambari, at a Special Thanksgiving Prayer Session organized by the Emirate over the recent victory of Saraki at the Supreme… July 22, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Abiodun Esan   Ilorin   -     Residents of Kwara, including prominent indigenes of the state, on Tuesday engaged in heated debate over the probe of the allegations made against Senate President Bukola Saraki by suspects arrested over the April 5 Offa bank robbery in which no fewer… June 5, 2018 In "News"