A northerner, Mubarak Ibrahim Lawan has taken to Facebook to lament how bandits are killing innocent villagers without any intervention from the police.  While lamenting President Muhammadu Buhari’s failure to secure lives and properties of citizens, he added that Buhari has refused to listen to the people. He wrote: “Yesterday, bandits spent about 5 hours killing, maiming, raping, stealing and vandalising in a village at Maradun LG, Zamfara, without any interference from whatever force. Moreover, this is not the first, second or third! Remember Wurma in Buhari’s Katsina and other villages under Jibia LG of the same Katsina!If truly Buhari is alive and mentally sound; if truly our senators, members of House of Reps and governors have iota of sense left in them; if all emirs and all of us here who can talk to hundreds or thousands of people are not mentally deranged, this issue should be practically, not theoretically as Buhari does, addressed. We should all stop every talk here but insecurity or risk being stopped breathing at all! I wonder how a DPO sleep well when at a village under the supervision of his division burns. Same goes to the Dagaci, Me unguwa and the Emir of the region. What lie does the governor have for the people when he can not deal with the DPO or ask for more security personnel to protect the lives of those who voted him to protect their lives and properties? As Governor Zulum sleeps less or only when it is necessary; goes round and supervising his people, listening to their cries and addressing their problems; stops his convoy to listen to his people by the roadside, wallahi no leader in Nigeria has an excuse here or in the day of judgment. May Allah protect professor Zulum!Arewa is burning seriously and so Buhari should be decisive to #SecureNorth now. He should deal with the security chiefs and the governors now. He should listen to experts about his Draconian border closure policy, study why this banditry worsens in border-neighbourhoods and how much profit the closure so far brought to the Country! Mubarak!” Source By YUSHA’U ADAMU IBRAHIM & HABIBU UMAR AMINU KATSINA - It was a terrifying moment for residents of Yankara village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State when dozens of armed bandits stormed the village and kidnapped a bride-to-be and her best friend 48 hours to her wedding Fatiha.… May 24, 2020 In "Metro" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has charged the military to be more spontaneous in restoring peace to the country, particularly states troubled by bandits. He gave the order in Katsina on Saturday while ordering them “not to spare bandits’’. A statement by his Senior Special Assistant on… August 17, 2019 In "News" A coalition of Northern groups, on Monday, bemoaned the growing insecurity in the region and called on the Federal Government to implement sweeping measures. It asked President Muhammadu Buhari to “immediately relieve the service chiefs of their duties,” saying unless killings in the region stop within 14 days, the coalition… June 16, 2020 In "News"