President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress (APC) have been advised to hands off the management of the economy. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), which gave the advice, believes they have failed. In a statement on Sunday by its spokesman Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP said the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) report that the economy has plunged into another recession within five years, confirmed its position that the APC-government lacked the competence to run a national economy. The party accused the government of insincerity in its performance claims and rating. The PDP claimed it handed over to the APC in 2015 an economy that was rated as one fastest growing in world. The statement reads: “Indeed, President Buhari will be the first, in our history, to score a hat-trick, in plunging his nation into economic recession, both as military and civilian leader.” It blamed the economy’s relapse into recession on alleged “restrictive and anti-trade policies, bizarre foreign exchange controls and monetary policies that impede growth.” Besides, the PDP blamed the development on over-bloated public sector that encourages sharp practices. “This has crippled domestic production and competiveness, eroded investors’ confidence and occasioned a dearth in foreign direct investment, leading to the economic contraction we have continued to witness under Buhari’s watch.” According to the PDP, more than 60 million Nigerians have been rendered jobless, lamenting that the rising insecurity had forced millions of businesses to close shops and millions of farmers abandoning their farmlands. The party lamented that the latest petrol price has impacted negatively on the disposable incomes of Nigerians. The statement reads: “We however insist that poor management and not the high cost of crude oil in the international market is responsible for high costs of domestic price of fuel.” It also condemned the border closure policy, urging the government to reflate the economy with funds allegedly stolen by public officials. The Nation By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja - The All Progressives Congress (APC) has urged Nigerians not to vote for politicians who will loot the country’s treasury if elected into office. Malam Lanre Issa-Onilu, the APC National Publicity Secretary, made the appeal in a statement on Thursday in Abuja. He called on Nigerians… February 22, 2019 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said that Governor Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo of Gombe State achievement is enough to instill confidence in people that he can rule the country come 2019. Reacting on the raging controversy surrounding the New Year predictions of a Catholic priest,… January 7, 2018 In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A frontline politici­an and businessman, Mr Gbenga Olawepo-Ha­shim, has said that Nigeria needs a new ideological party that could bring take the country out of the current so­cio-economic predica­ment and political challenges. He said a great futu­re lies ahead of the country only if the citizenry… June 12, 2018 In "Politics"