Nigerian musician, Davido has opened up on his relationship with his fiancee Chioma and why they are not married.  Speaking about their relationship, Davido said he felt pressured to marry Chioma. Davido and Chioma, who have a son together named Ifeanyi, got engaged in 2019. He revealed Chioma as his girlfriend in the video of his hit song, ‘Assurance’ Since then, Davido on Tuesday in his interview with Ndani TV disclosed that Chioma has received hate messages from people on social media . According to ‘Fem’ crooner, making his relationship with Chioma public affected her life and their relationship. Davido said: “After the Assurance video, Chioma received hate messages from people. Her parents even got hateful messages. “It affected our relationship too. Chioma went from being a private person. It affected our relationship a lot then I realized people don’t like something good. “We started having issues at some point and we decided not to tell anyone anything about us, that’s was when I decided to go offline for a while “Before Assurance video, our relationship was so good. The dynamics between us changed after our relationship became Public. It was like everybody’s relationship and business. “I felt pressured at some point to officially do the wedding but now I don’t. At the end of the day it’s between both of us and our families.” When asked if they would still get married, Davido affirmed that but said it’s not the right time. According to him, “We would get married but not now. We are trying to make the foundation solid and I’m so happy now that Chioma is focused on making money. “We are not riding on the wave that people want this for us.” Watch video below: Singer Davido’s brother Adewale has debunked the rumours that the singer and his fiancee, Chioma Avril have broken up. According to a report by Stella Dimoko Korkus, the break up may not be unconnected to the recent baby mama issue trailing the singer. It was reported earlier that Davido welcomed… June 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" As Davido gets set to settle down with his lover, Chioma, here are some things you may not know about the woman.   We have never thought we would live to see the day whenDavido would talk about settling down. But this magical (and very mysterious) young woman has apparently worked… September 6, 2019 In "Entertainment" David Adedeji Adeleke, better known by his stage name Davido, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, and record producer. He was born in Atlanta and raised in Lagos. Davido made his music debut as a member of the music group KB International. He studied business administration at Oakwood University before dropping… October 27, 2019 In "Features"