The New Diplomat has obtained more details about how eminent Nigerian stockbroker, and colossal financial expert, Chief Albert Egbaroghene Okumagba, scion of the famous Okumagba dynasty of Okere-Urhobo, Warri died in the early hours of Thursday in Abuja. The New Diplomat gathered from family sources that the prominent economist and frontline financial analyst had complained about stomach ache, chest pains a few days ago. According to family sources, he had attended a meeting in Abuja Thursday and was on his way back to his base when he complained again of stomach pains and was quickly rushed to hospital. Thereafter, he was certified dead. An autopsy is been awaited to ascertain the actual cause of the sudden death of Albert Okumagba, who was quite phenomenal among his peers, colleagues and members of the business community. Recall that about two days ago, foremost Nigerian Professor of Political Science, distinguished international scholar and the globally acknowledged father of The Two Publics in Africa , Professor Peter Ekeh, who is of Urhobo origin, also died. Professor whose Ekeh’s ground-breaking academic work “Colonialism and the Two Publics in Africa: A Theoretical Statement” first published in 1975, and one of the most cited study in the field of African, political and sociological studies in various Universities across the world. Expectedly, Okumagba’s death has thrown up an atmosphere of mourning in Urhobo nation, the business community and in Delta state where he once ran for the governorship in 2017. Born on April 4, 1964, the late foremost Nigerian Stock broker, and accomplished banker was regarded as highly jovial among friends, and a asset in the investment community. Okumagba, was considered among colleagues as a star financial expert and one of Nigeria’s most celebrated Capital markets analysts and economics guru of global stature. As the Group Managing Director of BGL Group, parent body to BGL Securities Limited and BGL Asset Management Limited, he was reputed to have played very significant roles in the nation’s stocks brokerage subsector. At various times, he was chairman of the Capital Market bodies association and led high-profile investment and economic growth initiatives at various levels including national and international levels. A Scion of the very famous and outstanding Okumagba dynasty of Okere-Urhobo, Warri, Delta state, Albert Okumagba made his mark in Nigeria’s economic terrain at an early age, traversing various sub-sectors of national economic development. A fine technocrat with finesse, coming from an aristocratic background, Albert Okumagba was well educated. He attended Kings College, Lagos, FGC Warri and University of Ibadan were he earned Bachelors and graduate degrees in Economics. Mourning Okumagba’s passage, the Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers (CIS), described him as a stocbroker per excellence who has contributed immensely to the growth and sustenance of the professional organisation, where he served as President between 2014-2015. In a statement signed by the Registrar and Chief Executive of CIS, Mr. Adedeji D. Ajadi, the body wrote: “Mr Okumagba was a dedicated stockbroker who demonstrated uncommon commitment to the Institute and the profession as a whole. An astute thinker and big dreamer, Albert initiated several laudable initiatives which benefitted the Institute immensely. “His untimely death is a great loss to the Institute and the Nigerian Capital Market. He will be sorely missed by all of us who knew him and worked with him.” Source Foremost Nigerian Stock Broker, and a onetime Delta State governorship candidate, Albert Okumagba, is dead. He died in the early hours of Thursday, at the age of 56. Okumagba, the Group Managing Director of BGL Group, parent body to BGL Securities Limited and BGL Asset Management Limited, was reputed for… November 19, 2020 In "News" LAGOS - The Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers (CIS) on Tuesday vowed to protect the interest of stockbrokers in the ongoing Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) broad-based recapitalisation for market operators. The President of CIS, Mr Albert Okumagba, gave capital market operators’ the assurance at his investiture in Lagos. Okumagba said… August 13, 2014 In "Business" LAGOS - The Chartered Institute of Stockbrokers (CIS), Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) and Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) have signed a five-year collaboration agreement for the development of Nigerians’ socio-economic life. A joint statement by the three professional organisations said on Thursday the tripartite agreement, tagged ``The Project’’,… February 19, 2015 In "Business"