A Pakistani bank manager was shot dead by its security guard allegedly over blasphemy allegations in Khushab city of Punjab province, police and relatives said on Thursday. Malik Imran Hanif, the manager of the National Bank of Pakistan branch in Quaidabad tehsil of Khushab, was shifted to a local hospital after he was shot by the guard from a rifle. Due to his critical injuries, he was taken to Lahore where he succumbed to his wounds at the Services Hospital. Khushab District Police Officer (DPO) retired Capt Tariq Wilayat said it would be premature to comment on the motive behind the murder, but confirmed that the security guard, who was arrested after the incident, had claimed to have killed Hanif over blasphemy. In a video of the suspect that was shared on social media, the guard could be heard saying that the deceased manager had “insulted the prophet.” The DPO said police were investigating the incident. Quoting initial reports, he said the security guard and the manager had been quarrelling for some time. The guard was reportedly fired a few months ago; he was subsequently rehired and had an argument with Hanif a few days ago, the officer added. Police also expressed doubt over the guard’s claim that he had killed the manager over blasphemy. They suggested that the guard had committed the murder due to personal grievances. Videos shared on Twitter showed the guard being greeted by a crowd of supporters after killing the manager. The security guard and the mob then raised slogans as they walked on the street. The suspect was then joined by the leaders of a religious group, all of whom raised slogans and addressed supporters from the rooftop of the Quaidabad Police Station. Police personnel could be seen standing nearby recording videos. In another video, a maternal uncle of the deceased manager stated that the security guard had shot dead Hanif due to a personal issue. He denied the suspect’s claim that Hanif had insulted any prophet, saying they were Muslims and not Ahmadis. He demanded that the murder be investigated on merit and the suspect be brought to justice. (Agency report) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC and candidate for Ughelli North local government council in the last local government elections in Delta State, Chief Evans Akponana who was kidnapped last Thursday, has been released by his abductors. Chief Evans was reportedly kidnapped last Thursday at… December 17, 2019 In "Top Stories" (Reuters) - Israeli security forces killed two knife-wielding Palestinian attackers in separate incidents in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem on Saturday, police said. In the West Bank city of Hebron, a Palestinian was shot dead by a paramilitary Israeli border police patrol after stabbing one of its men… April 25, 2015 In "Foreign" Sokoto -  The Sokoto State Police Command, on Monday confirmed the arrest of six workers of a four-star hotel in Sokoto over the death of a Police Inspector, Mr Nura Hashimu, on Saturday. The Command's spokesman, Mr El-Mustapha Sani told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) that the deceased… August 3, 2015 In "News"