EKITI State government has taken delivery of multi-million naira medical equipment and health facilities to combat COVID-19 pandemic from the Federal Government. This is just as Governor Kayode Fayemi said the state under him, was ready to fight the pandemic to standstill, especially as second wave of the pandemic looms. Speaking at the inauguration of the equipment, Fayemi said his government would continue to collaborate with private and public organisations to ensure better health care delivery for the people. The items include 12,000 KN95 nose masks, 12 tricycle ambulances, 100 mattresses, beddings and pillows as well as bedside lockers among others. The governor lauded President Muhammadu Buhari, through his Senior Special Assistant on SDGs, saying he was delighted that the donation was meant to strengthen the state’s efforts at reinforcing the health sector as well as fight any potential resurgence of Covid-19. He noted that Ekiti had already put structures and adequate measures in place to combat the deadly disease far before the index case was recorded, adding that the preparation helped the state to check the spread ahead of time. The governor revealed that the state government knew from the onset that it was clear that the magnitude of the challenges posed by the pandemic would require collaborative efforts of government, the private and public sectors and also good spirited individuals to enable the country to defeat the common enemy. Fayemi reassured the people that his administration would continue to enhance their living standard and make life better for them, adding that the security of their lives would be paramount in the agenda of government through responsive and pragmatic healthcare services. By Opeyemi Aremu-Gbemiro Ado Ekiti - The organised labour in Ekiti State has appealed to Gov. Kayode Fayemi not to contemplate salary reduction of the state public servants despite the slump in the revenues of the state government. The union said that the lockdown by the government to combat the… April 30, 2020 In "News" Ariwodola Idowu Ado-Ekiti - Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti has called for the support of the road transport unions in the state in enforcing the ban on inter-state travels to prevent further spread of the Coronavirus. He made the call at a meeting between the members of the Ekiti State… May 6, 2020 In "Politics" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - Sen. Opeyemi Bamidele, Chairman, Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters, has donated N10 million to contain the coronavirus pandemic in Ekiti State. The senator made the disclosure of his donation to Ekiti government in a statement he issued in Abuja on Wednesday.… April 1, 2020 In "Politics"