The New York City Sheriff’s Office broke up an illegal sex party of over 80, mask-less attendees in Astoria, Queens for violating state COVID-19 regulations on Sunday.  Officials walked into the venue to find a crowd of people at the event hosted by self-described swinger’s club Caligula New York. The New York City Sheriff’s Office told Insider that deeper in the party, officers found three couples having sex in a back room with multiple mattresses set up covering the floor, which was scattered with condoms. The party took place in a COVID-19 yellow zone, which prohibits gatherings of over 25 people. Two party organizers and an attendee of the event were charged with several misdemeanors for breaking COVID-19 regulations and serving alcohol without a liquor license. The club venue was issued a $15,000 fine. The party is only the latest large event to be broken up by authorities for COVID-19 violations, including a 200-person fight club “Rumble in the Bronx.” Caligula’s party was broken up less than a week after New York City Schools closed indefinitely because of rising COVID-19 positive test rates. Organizers of Caligula did not immediately respond for comment. (Text, excluding headline, courtesy Insider)  Source By Danielle Zoellner New York City will freeze the bodies of COVID-19 victims instead of burying them on Hart Island, the city’s designated burial ground for unclaimed bodies. The temporary initiative was put in place to ease the strain on hospitals and funeral homes, both of which have seen an… April 23, 2020 In "Foreign" •Andrew Cuomo, Governor of New York State The entire world is presently in a state of ‘war’. This is not the normal war we all know of that involves soldiers with their ammunition. This is rather a war against an ‘invisible enemy’ with medical personnel fighting against it. But it… May 1, 2020 In "Opinion" Saturday, 7 November 2020 was a great and remarkable day in the annals of the political history of the United States of America. Regardless of the political inclinations and preferences of people in different parts of the world, every one of us reacted in an idiosyncratic manner to the outcome… November 13, 2020 In "column - Friday"