Ex-Super Eagles midfielder, Christian Obodo, has spoken after his abduction along the Refinery Road, Warri, Delta State on Sunday. The Police Public Relations Officer, Delta State Command, Onome Onovawakpoyeya, confirmed that Obodo was kidnapped while buying bananas along the road. Speaking after his release, the former Udinese star who has 21 caps for Nigeria, told Brila FM on Monday that his kidnappers had lost a bet on the Super Eagles. Recall that Gernot Rohr’s men gave away a four-goal lead against the Leone Stars of Sierra Leone on Sunday as they played out a 4-4 draw in the African Cup of Nations qualifier. “It was really discomforting locked up in a hot car trunk for hours,” Obodo told Brila FM. “The kidnappers were even telling me about how they lost money for placing bets on Nigeria to score in the second half. “They didn’t hurt me or intimidate me but I can’t understand the reason for anyone to want to put me through this sort of thing over again.” It’s the second time the former Udinese midfielder will be kidnapped by gunmen. He was first abducted on June 9, 2012, on his way to church in Effurun, Warri. But the day after he was taken, police tracked his abductors to Isoko, just outside Warri, where they found Obodo and arrested some suspects. Meanwhile, the Super Eagles have a chance to bounce back as head to Freetown for a return leg against Sierra Leone on Tuesday. The Nation A former Nigerian international has been abducted after stopping to buy banana. According to Punch, former Super Eagles midfielder, Christian Obodo was kidnapped again in Warri Delta state on Sunday. He is a Nigerian former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. The 36-year-old was abducted when he stopped to… November 16, 2020 In "Sports" Former Super Eagles player, Christian Obodo, who was kidnapped on Sunday evening, in Delta has been freed. According to The Nation Obodo was kidnapped along Refinery road in Effurun, Uvwie council area around 5pm on Sunday. But he was reportedly released on Sunday night. Confirming his release, Monday morning, a… November 16, 2020 In "Sports" Former Super Eagles forward and Nigeria’s soccer ambassador, Daniel Amokachi, has revealed that he slept at the altar of Prophet T.B Joshua’s Synagogue Church of All Nations for weeks in search of miracle but to no avail. Amokachi had flown back to the Lagos-based Synagogue Church of All Nations, while… April 25, 2020 In "Metro"