Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, on Thursday, sacked the coordinators of Ivo and Echiele Development Centres, Okorie Daniel and Fabian Ovoke, respectively.  This is as the Governor had dissolved members of Commissions and Boards, whose appointments are not tenured by law. The PUNCH reports that Governor Umahi, on Tuesday, also dissolved boards of Ebonyi State University, Abakaliki, and Ebonyi State College of Education, Ikwo. The Secretary to the State Government, Dr. Kenneth Ugbala, announced this on the state-owned radio station, the Ebonyi Broadcasting Corporation, on Thursday. Ugbala said, “His Excellency, the Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr Dr David Nweze Umahi, FNSE, FNATE, has approved the removal from office of the following Coordinators of Development Centers in Ebonyi State: Okorie Daniel of Ivo D/C; and Fabian Ivoke of Echiele D/C. “Consequently, the two former officials are directed to hand over all government property in their possession to the Secretary to the State Government/Coordinating Commissioner before the close of work on Thursday, 26th November, 2020. “Please, ensure strict compliance with the directive.”  Source Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State, has sacked his Special Assistant on Internal Security and Utility (Urban), Mr. Saint Nchekwube Anakor for non performance and prevailing security challenges in the state.   The Governor also sacked the Development Centre Coordinator of Anuagata, Barr. Amos Ogbonnaya, Coordinator Okposi Development Center ,… October 25, 2020 In "Politics" The Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi of Ebonyi has sacked two of his aides. The sack followed their alleged involvement in the murder of a member of the Peoples Democratic Party in Afikpo LGA on 21 February. The sacked aides have been identified as Uche Ibiam, the Coordinator of… February 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki - Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has appointed Dr Kenneth Ugbala as the Secretary to the State Government (SSG). The governor also re-appointed Dr Offor Okorie as his Chief of Staff and Chief Clement Nweke as Principal Secretary. The appointments were contained in a statement signed… June 19, 2019 In "News"