South-South leaders on Tuesday demanded an unreserved apology from the presidency for abruptly canceling a stakeholders meeting scheduled to hold in Port Harcourt.  According to a statement from the Rivers State Government, the presidency had fixed a meeting for Tuesday with the Governors and other leaders of the region to discuss burning national issues, including the aftermath of the #EndSARS protest. The federal government delegation was supposed to include all the Ministers from the geopolitical zone. However, after the meeting was adjusted twice from 11am to 1pm, Chief of Staff to the President, Ibrahim Gambari, put a call through to the Chairman of the South-South Governors Forum, Ifeanyi Okowa and cancelled the meeting. Okowa said the people of the region have been embarrassed, disgraced and disrespected. He stated that the South-South geopolitical zone is a very important component part of the nation and the governors feel insulted because the traditional rulers who had gathered for the meeting, deserved to be revered. “As governors, we feel very touched and very sad about what has happened. And having also listened to our youths, we can feel the anger. As a mark of respect for our people, because you are actually the stakeholders of our region, we felt it was necessary for us to consult with you before taking any decision, if we take our decision without consulting with you, then we would have added to the disrespect that has just been meted on you. “We call for a public apology, not for the governors alone. We call for a public apology because this meeting was not called at our instance. It was called at the instance of the Presidency. The time was changed last night. We understood and we talked to our people. Some of us did not sleep in trying to put things together. We have gotten to a very bad start. So we are going to convey this message to the chief of staff to the president. He added: “We deserve as a region unreserved public apology to the region, particularly to our traditional rulers and the leaders in this zone, which include our Christian leaders, opinion leaders, our women and our youths, and also the governors of the zone who were voted into office and that is the least that we expect for us to accept the reconvene of this meeting.” Present for the cancelled meeting were Governor Ben Ayade of Cross River; Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom; Governor Douye Diri of Bayelsa State; and Godwin Obaseki of Edo State. Others were the National Chairman of the Pan Niger Delta Forum, Air Commodore Idongesit Nkanga; former President, Nigerian Bar Association, Onueze Okocha (SAN), among others.  Source The six governors from the South-south geopolitical zone and other important personalities from the Niger Delta region have expressed their angst at the Presidency for failing to attend a major stakeholders’ meeting scheduled in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, on Tuesday. It was gathered that the meeting was convened at the… November 17, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The South South Governors Forum and a former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, have urged the Chief Justice of the Federation, Justice Walter Onnoghen, not to appear before the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) on Monday for trial. The South South Governors rose from an… January 14, 2019 In "Top Stories" Following the spate of insecurity in the country, South South governors have agreed to float a regional security outfit to mitigate the ugly trend. This was part of decisions reached at the South South governors Forum meeting held at Government House Asaba on Thursday, 5th March, 2020. Briefing the press… March 5, 2020 In "News"