The decision of the Central Bank of Nigeria to freeze accounts of #EndSARS protesters has attracted the attention of the senate. Reacting on Monday, the Senate said it is not aware that the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN froze the bank accounts of some leaders of the #EndSARS protesters. According to the Senate, the governor of CBN, Godwin Emefiele never wrote to it prior to the taking of such a decision. This came up yesterday when the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, SAN appeared before the Senator Opeyemi Bamidele, All Progressives Congress, APC, Ekiti Central led Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters for the defence of his ministry’s 2021 budget estimates. The Senate has also raised the alarm that the Judgment Debt profile of the Country has reached an alarming and embarrassing state that must be addressed immediately. Speaking with Journalists shorty after Malami appeared before his Committee, Senator Bamidele said that the Senate was awaiting further information on the issue of freezing the accounts of End SARS leaders from the nation’s apex bank. Recall that the bank accounts of some youth leaders were reportedly frozen by the Federal Government over their alleged involvement in the recent #EndSARS protests. Senator Bamidele who spoke when asked what step the Senate was taking on the issue, he said that the matter was at the moment not before the red chamber. Senator Bamidele said, “We read it in the news like everyone of us. Our committee is also interested in knowing what is going on in this regard. As it is our committee is neither in a position to either explain or defend.” The Senator who noted that the legislature would liaise with the executive to know what was going on, said, “We will reach out to the executive. If it is true, we would find out what the stakeholders.”  Source THE President of the Nigerian Bar Association, Olumide Akpata, has expressed displeasure at the clampdown by government on the leaders of the #EndSARS protesters. This was as advocacy group, Access to Justice, condemned the freezing of the bank accounts of 20 of the protest leaders by the Central Bank of… November 9, 2020 In "News" Controversy has trailed the exparte order obtained by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to freeze the accounts of 20 individuals and an organisation linked to the #EndSARS campaign. Many Nigerians especially youths have taken to social media to condemn the move by the apex bank. Also, youth representatives at… November 7, 2020 In "News" There were strong indications on Tuesday that the Federal Government had begun a clampdown on promoters of #EndSARS protests by freezing their bank accounts.   Some #EndSARS promoters, who spoke separately to The PUNCH, said their banks informed them that the Central Bank of Nigeria had directed that their accounts… November 4, 2020 In "Politics"