It is a great and cheering news coming out of the United States after a young Nigerian man was elected into the country’s House of Representatives. Nigerian, Oye Owolewa confirmed the news on his Facebook page. Owolewa from Kwara, who holds a doctor of philosophy (Ph.D.) degree in Pharmacy from the North-Eastern University, Boston, contested on the platform of the Democratic Party as a ‘shadow’ (non-voting) House of Representative member out of the District of Columbia (DC). SaharaReporters gathered the 31-year-old politician is the first Nigerian congressman in the country’s history. Sharing the news on his Facebook page, he wrote, “Good morning. Looks like we did it! I want to thank everyone, from family and close friends to DC residents. Because of your contributions and sacrifices, I stand before you as America’s first Nigerian-American congressman. “In this role, I’m going to fight for DC statehood and bring our values to the lawmaking process. While today is a day for some celebration, the hard work also follows. Again, thanks so much for everything. I wouldnt be here without you all.” See his post below: Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  No fewer than nine Nigerians are on the ballot in Tuesday’s general elections in the United States. Running mostly on the platform of the Democratic Party, the candidates are bidding for different offices at the federal, state and local levels. Besides the presidential election, governorship polls… November 2, 2020 In "Top Stories" Gabe Okoye addressing members of the Democratic Party in Gwinnett as Chairman during a breakfast after the November 2018 mid-term elections By Harrison Arubu New York - A Nigerian, Mr Gabe Okoye, is on the ballot in a forthcoming Democratic Party’s senatorial primary runoff election in the U.S. Okoye, who… August 1, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Speaker, House of Representatives, Hon Femi Gbajabiamila has appointed Olarewaju Lasisi, Musa Abdulahi Krishi and four others as his media aides. The appointments which takes immediate effect was disclosed in a statement the Speaker personally signed and made available to newsmen on Thursday.… July 11, 2019 In "News"