By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  A Federal High Court has ordered Senator Ali Ndume to be remanded at Kuje at Kuje Correctional Centre for failing to produce the former Chairman of the defunct Pension Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina. Ndume stood, who is representing Borno south, as surety for Maina’s bail, who is standing trial on alleged money laundering charges. However, Maina has repeatedly failed to appear in court for the continuation of his trial. In a bench ruling delivered by Justice Okon Abang, the court ordered his remand pending the fulfillment of his bail bond, which is a forfeiture of N500 million to the federal government. The court also empowered the federal government to sell Senator Ndume’s property at Asokoro in order to recover the N500 million bond. Justice Abang added that Ndume will be released from Kuje once he is able to pay the N500 million or if the prosector is able to dispose of the property and payment made to the federal government. Ndume’s lawyer, Marcel Oru, vowed to appeal the court’s ruling. Maina’s trial-in-absentia was adjourned to November 24. (Channels TV). A Nigerian senator who stood as surety for on-the-run former Chairman of the Pension Reform Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina has been ordered to be remanded in custody. A Federal High Court in Abuja gave the order today for Senator Ali Ndume (Borno South) to be remanded in Kuje correctional… November 23, 2020 In "Politics" Senator Mohammed Ndume has expressed frustration over his inability to produce former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT) Abdulrasheed Maina in court in continuation of his (Maina’s) trial for money laundering. Ndume, while speaking before a Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday, said he was helpless… October 19, 2020 In "News" A Federal High Court in Abuja has threatened to penalise Senator Ali Nduma (representing Borno South) should he fail to produce the ex-Chairman, Pension Reformed Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina on October 5. Maina is being prosecuted before the court on offences relating to money laundering. Ndume stood surety for him… October 2, 2020 In "News"