Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday said the Federal Government welcomed new investments in the power sector especially ones that will connect directly with the end consumers on a willing buyer-willing seller basis. Prof. Osinbajo said this while answering questions during a virtual interaction with members of the French Business Confederation (MEDEF), an event that also featured representatives of several top French companies and officials from both governments of Nigeria and France. The Vice President cited the example of the privately built power plant in Edo State to support his advocacy for more private investment in power generation and distribution in particular. “We really want as many private companies as possible to come on stream. We prefer that new companies do not come on the grid and expect government guarantees. We will be happy to have new investments in generation and distribution.” Osinbajo, while speaking on measures to attract foreign investors, said the Buhari administration is promoting the adoption of Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) and creating the necessary infrastructure which will enhance the speedy resolution of business related disputes. The Vice President, while addressing a concern on the resolution of commercial disputes in Nigeria, said “Nigeria has a robust judiciary and most companies engage some of the best lawyers in Nigeria, many of whom are internationally acclaimed.” Source Abuja - The Federal Government on Tuesday promised to unchain the obstacles hampering power supply programme and promised to achieve the 10,000 megawatts envisaged in its Economic Recovery and Growth Programme (ERGP). Vice President Yemi Osinbajo gave the assurance while declaring open the 23rd Nigerian Economic Summit in Abuja, adding… October 10, 2017 In "Business" By Abdul Razaq Ibrahim Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo has disclosed that large scale corrupt practices and dubious awards of contracts in Nigeria's power sector by past administrations, especially as regards contract on power transmission lines are responsible for inadequate and epileptic power supply in the country. He said that despite several… June 13, 2015 In "News" Lagos  -   Vice president Prof. Yemi Osinbajo has said that the Federal Government was working assiduously towards ensuring availability and accessibility of energy and petroleum products. Osinbajo, represented by his Senior Special Assistant on Power Privatisation, Mr Chiedu Ugbo, disclosed this at the ongoing Nigeria Energy Forum (NEF) on… April 13, 2016 In "News"