The Chairman House Committee on Interior, Honourable Nasir, Sani Zangon-Daura has extolled the massive infrastructural boost at the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS). He made the remark when he visited the Service Headquarters of the NIS on Tuesday 10th of November, 2020 for oversight functions with members of the House Committee on Interior. The Chairman said with what his Committee witnessed, Nigerians can be rest assured that NIS is poised to deliver on its core mandate of border management among others. He further stated that the Committee has seen a lot of things and it is very impressive. “We can now confidently say that we have seen where the appropriated money and donor funding for NIS is being utilized” he added. Responding, the Comptroller General of Nigeria Immigration Service, Muhammad Babandede, MFR, said the Honourable Members visit was timely, as more than 14 projects had already been completed at the Service Headquarters. He added that other completed and ongoing projects across the country include; Flag Houses, Command Office Complexes, Transit Camps, Forward Operational Bases and other infrastructures put in place for the Comfort of NIS personnel and to enhance their productivity. Signed DCI Sunday James pcc Service Public Relations Officer For: Comptroller General of Immigration From PRNigeria By Muhyideen Jimoh Abuja -  The House of Representatives Committee on Interior has decried the use of foreign companies by the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS)‎ in the production of passports and other revenue generating services. ‎ The Chairman of the Committee, Rep. Adams Jagaba, stated this on Thursday in Abuja… July 13, 2017 In "News" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja -   The Minister of Interior, Dr Abdulrahmam Dambazau, on Tuesday urged the National Assembly to come up with legislations that would define businesses foreigners living in Nigerian could engage in. The minister made the call when members of House of Representatives Committee on Interior visited… July 18, 2017 In "News" By Muhyideen Jimoh Abuja -   The Comptroller-General of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Mr Muhammad Babandede, has said that plans are underway for the domestication of the production of the Nigerian e-passport. Babandede disclosed this on Thursday in Abuja when members of the House of Representatives Committee on Interior… July 13, 2017 In "Business"