Patrick Obalim-Udoba, lawmaker representing Anambra west in the state house of assembly, has distributed bundles of “high-yield” cassava stems to the people of his constituency.   Obalim-Udoba, said cassava stem will help the communities to mitigate the negative effect of the flood and allow them to kick-start farming in earnest.The distribution held at Umueze Anam and was witnessed by residents of communities that make up the local government area. Obalim-Udoba said flood destroyed all the cassava stems stored by his people who are predominantly farmers and. Noting that cultivation of cassava usually starts between November and December, he said this prompted him to distribute the high yield stems which will germinate soon. He advised the farmers to use the cassava stems judiciously. This is not the first time he would distribute cassava stems to his constituency. In 2019, the lawmaker distributed two truckloads of cassava stems to his constituents. At the presentation, he had said the gesture was to reduce the stress of the farmers going to nearby communities in search of cassava stems after flood disasters and had promised to make it an annual event. Obalim-Udoba’s gesture comes after Murtala Gwarmai, senior special assistant on youth development to Abdullahi Ganduje, governor of Kano, “empowered” some youth in the state with donkeys. Gwarmai had reportedly said the beneficiaries requested the donkeys to aid them in transporting sand, gravel, and blocks so as to boost their business.  Source   By Ifeanyi Olannye Ibusa (Delta) -   The Federal Director of Agriculture in Delta, Mr Felix Kehis, has called on cassava farmers in the state to apply best practice in planting improved cassava stems to ensure high yield. Kehis made the call on Tuesday in Ibusa during the free distribution… July 18, 2017 In "Business" By Peter Okolie Enugwu-Aguleri - Farmers who suffered losses to the 2018 flood disaster in Anambra have commended the Federal Government for supporting them with agricultural inputs. The farmers expressed their appreciation when officials of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) inspected farmlands of the affected victims on Thursday at… July 25, 2019 In "News" Otukpo (Benue)-The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Chief Audu Ogbe, on Saturda distributed improved variety of cassava stem to farmers in Otukpo Local Government Area of Benue. While distributing the stems which were developed by the West Africa Agricultural Productivity Programme (WAAPP-Nigeria), Ogbeh said they were enriched with Vitamin… September 3, 2016 In "News"