A CNN investigation into the alleged shooting of #EndSARS protesters at Lekki Toll Gate on October 21 has revealed that soldiers shot live bullets at protesters. The video footage released on Wednesday by the cable network shows the moment the soldiers left their military base in Bonny Camp and when they arrived at the scene. It also shows the victims who said they were shot at by soldiers on Tuesday, October 21. Nigerians have hailed the investigation by CNN and said that it has put to rest the denials by both the army and the Lagos State government that no one was shot or killed at the scene.  The Lagos Statement government and the army has been going back and forth on the incident with the army saying that they were invited by the Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu to quell the protest. The army also expressed disappointment with the governor for saying he did not invite them. Social media influencer and Nigerian doctor based in the UK, Olufunmilayo said within the intervals of four weeks, a foreign media has unmasked the truth ahead of the Nigerian government. According to him, one day, those looking for dead bodies of those who died at the scene will get it.  Olufunmilayo said the government would unleash an attack on CNN using social media influencers and public officials to create doubts in the minds of Nigerians against the investigation. Others praised the attention to detail by CNN in the doing the video “The CNN footage is very well documented. I also love the fact that they went ahead to run an investigation even after Buhari told the international community to mind their business. It’s human lives taken for absolutely nothing & someone has to answer for them,” one Twitter user said. Source Watch the Video below: https://youtu.be/ip8QQ_X14Tk Sometime after midnight on October 21, Elisha Sunday Ibanga answered a phone call from his older brother's number.The person on the other end of the line -- a stranger -- broke the news that Ibanga's brother, Victor, had been shot dead at the Lekki toll… November 18, 2020 In "News" Almost one week after videos and graphic scenes from eyewitnesses and protesters show that security forces dressed in Nigerian army uniform opened fire on unarmed protesters at the Lekki toll gate in Lagos, the governor of the state, Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Monday admitted to Cable News Network (CNN) that, indeed… October 27, 2020 In "Politics" Five bullet shells were found at the Lekki toll gate, scene of the #EndSARS protest during the panel’s visit to the toll gate. The Managing Director of Lekki Concession Company (LCC), the operators of Lekki Toll Gate, Abayomi Omomuwa, disclosed this Friday to the panel members, led by its Chairman,… October 30, 2020 In "News"