ABUJA – The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, on Monday promoted 82,779 junior police officers including those who were negatively impacted during the #EndSARS protest to their next ranks. “The promotion of the officers comprising 56,779 Sergeants to Inspector, 17,569 Corporal to Sergeants, and 8,431 Constables to Corporal is part of the on-going efforts at boosting the morale of personnel and repositioning the Force for greater efficiency,” police spokesman Frank MBA said in a statement. “Those promoted also include 86 junior officers negatively impacted by the ENDSARS riots – 16 got special posthumous promotion while 70 others injured during the violence arising from the ENDSARS protests.” MBA further stated that the posthumous promotion of the officers who were killed during the EndSARS protest is a symbolic gesture in recognition of the ultimate price they paid in the service of the nation. He said the IGP has promised to work with all relevant agencies, organs of Government and other stakeholders in driving a successful reform of the Police for improved welfare and conditions of service towards better service delivery to the people. (The Guardian) Muhammed Adamu, The Inspector-General of Police, has stated that police officers who died and those injured following the aftermath of the #EndSARS protests will be promoted to the next rank. The IGP who said this after assessing burnt police stations in Edo state on Wednesday November 4, stated that police… November 5, 2020 In "News" ...describes the Amnesty Int’l report as untrue and misleading By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu has decried the discriminatory tendencies exhibited by Amnesty International for failure to mention or pay tribute to Police officers who were gruesomely murdered during the #EndSARS protests… October 30, 2020 In "Top Stories" Lafia - Alhaji Lawal Shehu-Batsari, Commissioner of Police, Nasarawa State, on Wednesday decorated nine policemen offered special promotion by Mr Solomon Arase, the Inspector General of Police during his recent visit to the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that the IGP was impressed by their display… March 23, 2016 In "News"