Muhammad Dingyadi, The Nigerian Minister of Police affairs, has disclosed why the Police force speedily created the Special Weapons and Tactics Team SWAT as a replacement for the recently dissolved Special Anti-Robbery Squad unit SARS. The Minister who appeared on Channels television’s ‘Politics Today’ said the new police unit was created because there are insecurity problem and assignments initially carried out by the defunct SARS unit that had to be done by another. He Said; “Many people have expressed concerns about the swift reaction but we need to understand that this issue of insecurity is at every hour presence and we have to take steps to fill in the gap and that is why we established a new unit to replace SARS. The assignment being done by SARS before they were disbanded is there to be performed by somebody. “So, we needed to quicken the process to ensure that there is a unit in place that is in charge of these things. And we can not take them in to take charge of these without giving them training and a new order so that they do not go and repeat the same mistake as SARS.” Muhammad Dingyadi also revealed that the new police unit will continue carrying the AK-47 rifle, but will combine it with intelligence. He Added; “The AK-47 you are talking about, we think we are satisfied with the way it is being used and we have no intention to change the weapon that they are using. But with the changing trends in this century, we may consider the possibility of bringing in new types of weapons that you see in other places. But for now, we are going to continue with the AK-47, it serves the purpose that they are meant to serve.”  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The new police unit called Special Weapons and Tactics Unit (SWAT) on Monday began its training with over 400 personnel at the Police Mobile College in Eggon, Nasarawa State. Present at the training ground was the Minister of Police Affairs, Muhammad Dingyadi, and other officials who… November 2, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Monday Ijeh Abuja  -The Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Muhammad Dingyadi, has pledged to ensure a comprehensive investigation into allegations of infractions against personnel of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) of the Nigeria Police. The Press Secretary to the Minister, Mr Osaigbovo Ehisienmen, disclosed this in a statement on… October 6, 2020 In "Security" The Nigerian Bar Association on Tuesday urged the Federal Government to show sincerity in its disbanding of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad by throwing all detention centres of SARS open.   The NBA president, Mr Olumide Akpata, who made the call at a press conference in Abuja, listed some of the… October 14, 2020 In "News"