Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Suspected Boko Haram fighters have killed at least forty rice farmers in Borno state. An unspecified number were also taken away by the criminals. The farmers were waylaid on their way to their rice farms which they were harvesting before the surprise attack happened. The attack occurred around Marrabati and Hammayya villages, near Zabarmari in Jere local government of Borno state on Saturday morning. Civilian Joint Task Force sources say sixty of the farmers were gathered before the assailants shot at close range or beheaded their victims. It is not clear how many of the farmers were taken away, or how many were spared but a total of sixty persons were assembled before the bloodletting. Sources say the location, which is a distance from the last Jere town with inhabitants, is a known stronghold of the insurgents. Local government elections were conducted in the state today, with voter apathy witnessed in some parts of the state. It is not clear if the ill-fated farmers cast their vote before proceeding to meet their deaths. N MAIDUGURI - Islamic State claimed responsibility on Wednesday for an attack on the convoy of a state governor who was headed to a rally in northeastern Nigeria ahead of Saturday’s presidential election. The group said in a statement on its Amaq news agency that 42 people were killed in… February 14, 2019 In "Foreign" ABUJA - Boko Haram terrorists have killed 53 soldiers and farmers in three days of attacks in Nigeria’s troubled northeast region.The Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), a Boko Haram splinter group, killed at least 44 soldiers in attacks on three military bases at the weekend, security sources told AFP… November 21, 2018 In "Top Stories" MAIDUGURI - The Maisandari Rice Farmers Association in Borno said that Boko Haram insurgency had forced its members to abandon farming this year. Malam Garba Ibrahim, the Chairman of the association, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Maisandari, Jere Local Government Area of the… June 15, 2014 In "Business"