Uche Secondus, the National chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has lamented about the insecurity across the nation.  Secondus in his speech at the party’s 90th national executive committee (NEC) meeting in Abuja on Thursday November 19, said the country’s current challenges is due to the “poor governance” of the All Progressives Congress (APC) government. He said that Buhari is not providing the leadership needed to address insecurity. The PDP chairman said; “Great leaders of our party, before the COVID-19 lockdown our country was already going through some socio-political and economic challenges all arising from the poor governance delivery by the ruling APC. “The security problem of the country has refused to abate, instead, it has multiplied with no clear solution in sight. “President Muhammadu Buhari led APC government, under whose watch the situation got worsened and complicated has remained clearly helpless and incapable of providing the needed leadership. “The consequences of all these came to the fore when the youths, last month, poured out their anger on the country through a nationwide protest. “Even though the protest was triggered off by accumulated police brutality, particularly by the defunct Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), it developed into a wider rebellion against injustice and poor leadership in the country.” On Governor Umahi’s defection, Secondus said; “You must have read the eventual defection of PDP Governor in Ebonyi state, His Excellency Dave Umahi to the ruling APC on Tuesday and his provocative reason of allegations of injustice against the south-east by the party. “We have refused to join issues with him in any way but we cannot bow to any blackmail. What I can report to NEC is that the strength of our party in Ebonyi state and south-east is intact and the NWC has taken necessary steps to protect and guard it. “The real season that informed this decision will soon be exposed.”  Source Gbade Ogunwale, Abuja Abuja (Sundiata Post) - THE Presidency and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday clashed over the heightened insecurity in the country, for which President Muhammadu Buhari said he was “taken aback”. The main opposition party said the President’s comment showed a defeatist posture, stressing that Senate… January 31, 2020 In "News" The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday told the National Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Uche Secondus to be focused on salvaging the opposition party from crumbling, as the party was gradually becoming “shockingly rudderless” under his watch. Reacting to the recent comments by the PDP Chairman… August 17, 2020 In "News" •Uche Secondus  ABUJA - National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Uche Secondus, believes Nigeria needs to be rescued from failed leadership. In his Sallah message released by his media office on Saturday, Secondus urged all muslims in the country to seek God’s face as a remedy. Sallah marks… May 23, 2020 In "Politics"