The House of Representatives Committee on Aviation led by Honourable Nnolim Nnaji on Thursday, turned back Minister of Aviation, Captain Hadi Sirika and the heads of agencies from presenting the Ministry’s 2021 budget proposal for failure to forward the documents to the committee in advance.  The chairman, Honourable Nnaji had in his opening remarks at the scheduled budget meeting with the Minister and the chief executives of the agencies, bemoaned the failure of the Ministry to forward the documents despite an earlier request to do so. Nnaji said; “Minister, l don’t know how you expect us to continue this meeting since we just got your 2021 budget proposal this morning despite giving you over a week’s notice so that we can study it before today.  “I am not blaming you for this but i must say that I am disappointed in those who ought to have handled this but failed to do their jobs. For us to do a proper job, we need time to read through,” he stressed. The chairman noted that the 2021 budget required thorough examination and proper considerations because of the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the industry which according to him was precarious.  He further observed that the #EndSARS protests also hit the industry that was just trying to recover adding that the 2021 budget must be such that would help stabilise the industry with the provision of the required critical infrastructure. Nnaji, however, added that he would leave it for the members to decide and therefore sought the views of the members on whether to continue or to reschedule for a new date to enable them study the documents. All the members who voiced their views were unanimous in agreeing that the Minister and his team return on another day for the defense to enable members to study both the 2021 proposal and the implementations of this year’s budget.  The Minister in his response apologised to the chairman and members for the failure of his people to forward the documents before the meeting and pleaded that they give him another date to present the budget. Both the committee and the ministry resolved to meet on Thursday the 12th of Nov. 2020 by 11 am for the budget presentation. The Nation ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Senate Committee on Works on Wednesday in Abuja queried the zero implementation of some 11 road contracts that were awarded by the Ministry of Works, despite the release of their mobilisation fees. Chairman of the committee, Senator Kabiru Gaya, who queried the development during the 2016… February 10, 2016 In "Top Stories" The House of Representatives Committee on Foreign Affairs yesterday threatened the Ministry of Foreign Affairs with zero allocation in the 2021 budget unless it presents some essential documents. Members of the Yusuf Buba Yakub-led committee were angry that the Director of Finance and Administration in the ministry, who appeared alongside… November 4, 2020 In "News" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja -   The House of Representatives Committee on Aviation has threatened not to approve the 2019 budget of the Federal Ministry of Aviation and all its parastatals for the failure of the Minister and the heads of parastatals to appear before the committee. The Chairman of… December 11, 2018 In "Politics"