A former Nigerian international has been abducted after stopping to buy banana.  According to Punch, former Super Eagles midfielder, Christian Obodo was kidnapped again in Warri Delta state on Sunday. He is a Nigerian former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. The 36-year-old was abducted when he stopped to buy bananas along Refinery Road, Warri in Delta State. The Police Public Relations Officer, Delta State Command, Onome Onovawakpoyeya, told the media outlet; “Obodo was kidnapped at about 5pm on Sunday around Ishaka Hotel just along Refinery Road,” “He was with his girlfriend when he was abducted. They both stopped by the road to buy bananas.” This is the second time the former Udinese midfielder has been kidnapped by gunmen. The former Nigeria international was abducted by unknown gunmen on June 9, 2012, on his way to church in Warri. Obodo is not the only Nigerian footballer to have been abducted by kidnappers, ex-defender Onyekachi Apam was also a victim in 2007. Brother of current Super Eagles assistant coach Joseph Yobo was kidnapped in 2018 at Port-Harcourt and was released ten days later. Mikel Obi’s father, as well as the mother of Samuel Kalu, were also abducted in 2019 but police secured their releases a few days later.  \   •Samson Siasia Gunmen have kidnapped the 72-year-old mother of ex-international Nigerian footballer Samson Siasia. Three kidnappers took Ogere Siasia from the family home in Bayelsa state in the oil-rich Niger Delta. Her son appealed for her release, and said the gunmen's motive was unclear. The BBC's Chris Ewokor in the… July 15, 2019 In "Top Stories" Warri (Delta)  - Mr Ovie Anthony, President, Youth Wing of the Urhobo Progress Union (UPU) was reported to have been abducted by unknown gunmen. Anthony, according to a source was abducted by the captors at gun point on Friday night while returning from the UPU's meeting held at the Union's… May 7, 2016 In "Top Stories" Reports reaching SUNDIATA POST have it that unknown gunmen have abducted a former Minister of Environment, Laurencia Laraba Mallam, and her husband, Pius, along the Abuja-Kaduna road. The couple were kidnapped at about 7:00pm yesterday in Jere, Kagarko local government area of Kaduna state. The ex-minister and her 73-year-old husband were… October 4, 2016 In "News"