Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The General Overseer of the Citadel Global Church, Pastor Tunde Bakare on Sunday warned South West governors against regulation of social media.Governors of southwest region demanded that the government employs laws and regulations bench-marked from other countries to provide safeguards against the spread of fake news, 2015 Cyber Act will also be fully used. ”The Federal Government should ensure that technology is used effectively for the advancement of the Nigerian Security and not its destruction by working with the social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, the governors decided at a meeting on Nov. 9th.” However, Bakare on his Twitter page on Sunday warned that anyone that takes Nigerian youth for granted does so at its own peril.He strongly advised the southwest governors to desist from strict regulation of social media. On his Twitter page, Bakare wrote: “ I would like to state at this juncture that there is a ninth power bloc that must not be taken for granted: it is the Nigerian Youth with the power of social media.“Any political group that takes the social media savvy Nigerian youth for granted does so at its own risk or peril. “This is why I strongly advice the power blocs, including the South West Governors who are calling for stricter regulation of social media, to desist from doing so.”Bakare added that Nigerian youths raising their voices on social media against bad governance and End SARS promoters are not enemies of Nigeria but the hope of the nation. “I, therefore, state without equivocation that these young Nigerians who have found their voices on social media are not the enemies of Nigeria. They are the hope of our nation,” his tweet added. In our series of letters from African writers, Nigerian journalist and novelist Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani looks at why the Nigerian authorities are worried about social media and its impact in the era of #EndSars protests. Short presentational grey lineOver the past week, some Nigerian state governors and public officials have… November 7, 2020 In "News" ENUGU - The Federal Government on Saturday solicited the support of South-East governors and leaders in the zone on social media regulation to check fake news and misinformation of Nigerians.The Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Lai Mohammed, made the appeal while speaking at a presidential delegation interaction with South-East… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" Save Nigeria Group (SNG) founder Pastor Tunde Bakare has described as unnecessary the huge wardrobe allowance for National Assembly members. He also called on Nigerians to give President Muhammadu Buhari time to assess what he met on ground to be able to make sound decisions to take the nation forward.… June 23, 2015 In "News"