South African authorities say they have begun deporting 20 refugees and asylum seekers who were part of a months-long sit-in protest against xenophobia. They are mostly from African countries and were demanding to be resettled outside South Africa. Canada was some of the migrants’ preferred choice, said South Africa’s Home Affairs department in a statement. Their sit-in began outside the offices of the UN’s refugee agency (UNHCR) in Cape Town in October 2019. Hundreds of people took part in the protest campaign which lasted five months, and saw the migrants occupy a church where they were given refuge. At the time the migrants said they did not feel safe because of xenophobic attacks in South Africa’s townships, and that they were treated poorly and discriminated against. Since 2008, there have been numerous outbreaks of xenophobic violence targeting foreign nationals from the rest of the continent in townships across the country. Migrants are often targeted in the communities where they live, accused of stealing jobs and resources. A Burundian woman who the BBC spoke to earlier this year said she fled unrest in her home country years earlier for South Africa, a place where she thought she was safe, but was attacked and raped by a man who remained at large. ‘Due process’Despite requests made by the BBC, South African authorities have not disclosed the names nor the destination countries of the 20 people being deported. In a statement, the Department of Home Affairs said it had followed “due process”, adding that “the affected foreign nationals have already been transferred to Lindela Repatriation Centre for deportation purposes”. According to BBC’s Nomsa Maseko in Johannesburg says more migrants are expected to be deported. (BBCAfrica) Nigeria on Monday denied recalling its envoy​s​ from South Africa as a result of the xenophobic attacks on foreign citizens in the country. Reuben Abati, spokesperson for President Goodluck Jonathan said the report that Nigeria recalled its envoys was misinformation that arose from a misunderstanding of a statement issued by… April 28, 2015 In "News" Abuja - Mrs Hadiza Sani-Kangiwa, a Federal Commissioner, National Commission for Refugees, Migrants, and Internally Displaced Persons (NCFRMI) on Thursday described Xenophobia as an act of racism and man’s inhumanity to man. Sani-Kangiwa stated this in a statement signed by Mr Ahmed Danbazau, the Head, Press and Public Relations Unit… April 23, 2015 In "News" Angry mobs that have burnt foreigners alive and ransacked their businesses aren’t enough to deter the tide of immigrants flocking to South Africa. They say it’s worse at home. At least seven people have been killed in the past two weeks, thousands have been displaced and the army has been… April 24, 2015 In "Foreign"