Following the death of Ifeanyi Okereke, his sister has been reduced to tears. Recall that the Abuja vendor was killed by a security aide to the House of Reps speaker Femi Gbajabiamila. In a video shared by the BBC, the late vendors sister can be seen lamenting his death, as she joined what seemed to be a group of protesters. According to her, the vendor was not the troublesome type, only to be shot and killed by the security aide. Watch the video below; The speaker in a statement confirmed on Friday, confirmed the incident while revealing that the officer involved has been suspended. Femi Gbajabiamila said; ”A horrible incident has taken place. This evening as I left the national assembly, I stopped as usual to exchange pleasantries with the newspaper vendors at the corner. Many of them have known me since I first moved to Abuja and it was a friendly exchange. Unfortunately, after the convoy set out in continuation of movement, unidentified men obstructed the convoy which got the attention of security men in the convoy who shot into the air to disperse them. Some hours later, after getting to our destination, it was brought to my attention that someone was hit by a stray bullet, contrary to an earlier report by men in the convoy that they applied their security discretion to shoot in the air. I have caused a report to be made to the local police station and an investigation has commenced. In the meantime; the officer who fired the fatal shot has been suspended from the convoy pending the conclusion of the investigation. My value for human life and my respect for all people – irrespective of social economic status – is what endeared me to these vendors and these are the reasons why I stop my convoy quite often to connect with them. For one of them to have been shot by my security detail is horrific and I cannot begin to imagine the grief and loss Ifeanyi’s family must feel on this sad day. No family should have to go through this. I am personally distraught about this incident and my deepest sympathies go to the victim, his family and Abuja vendors.” Watch the video below: ”My brother is not an armed robber, dey shoot him down unnecessarily" – Ifeanyi Okereke’s sister laments over the killing of her brother by a security aide to the House of Reps speaker Femi Gbajabiamila____Omah Lay Fleet Basket Mouth #EndSARS pic.twitter.com/4iAuk1g6uF The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has described the killing of a newspaper vendor in Abuja by one of the security details as horrible, saying he is distraught by the incident. Gbajabiamila, in a statement he personally signed and issued in the early hours of Friday, said… November 20, 2020 In "News" Newspapers vendors in the Federal Capital Territory on Friday protested the killing of their colleagues, Ifeanyi Elechi, who was shot dead on Thursday by a security aide to the Speaker, House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila. The vendors who were carrying placards, demanded justice, insisting that the errant operative who is… November 20, 2020 In "News" The #EndSARS protest continued in different parts of the country on Thursday, with protesters repelling attacks from thugs and security agents.   The attacks forced some protesters to hire bouncers to increase security at the protest grounds.   In Lagos, tragedy struck when two people were crushed to death during… October 16, 2020 In "News"