 he University of Lagos Muslim Alumni (UMA) has returned Chief of Staff to the Ogun State Governor, Alhaji Shuaib Salisu, as its President for the next two years. Salisu, also called SAS, was re-elected at the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the association held recently at the UNILAG Islamic Centre Hall, Akoka, Lagos. Also re-elected were an Associate Professor and Acting Head of Cell Biology and Genetics Department, Khalid Adekoya as well as Alhaji AbdulMajeed Raji of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), as Deputy Presidents. Head of Family Medicine Department at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH), Dr. Abdulmajeed Babatunde Akodu, joined the duo as the Deputy President. Alhaja Mujidat Isiaka of the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) and Dr. Azeezat Shopeyin-Dosunmu at the LUTH’s Community Medicine Department were elected Vice-Presidents for Akoka and LUTH. An Associate Professor in the Geography Department of UNILAG, Dr. Shakirudeen Odunuga, was announced as the General Secretary while Superheads Nigeria Limited Recruitment Specialist Mustapha Kelani, named as his Assistant. The Nation’s Head of Motoring Desk and National Secretary of the Muslim Media Practitioners of Nigeria (MMPN), Alhaji Tajudeen Adebanjo, and Lagos State government’s Physiotherapist employee, Azeezat Quadri, were elected as the Public Relations Officers (PROs) for Akoka and CMUL. Other members of the exco are: Yusuff Jamiu (Financial Secretary); First Bank of Nigeria (FBN) Principal Manager, Alhaja Muhidat Bello (Treasurer); KPMG Nigeria Risk Consultant, AbdulKabir Kuye (Internal Auditor); Lagos State University (LASU) School of Communication lecturer, Dr. Ganiyat Tijani-Adenle and LUTH’s Senior Registrar, Dr. Aisha AbdulKareem-Yasir (Welfare Officers for Akoka and CMUL) and Mutiat Adeyemo of Stanbic IBTC Legal Unit (Legal Officer). Former UMA’s President Lere Alimi, who chaired the Shurah Committee, said welfare for members reechoed among members of the UMA during the assignment. Alimi enjoined the Exco to focus on economic empowerment, job placement and other forms of welfare support for the members. “The new Executive Council should endeavour to utilise the available expertise, strengths and networks among our membership to obtain more mileage for the association. All members should make themselves available for service when called upon by the Executive Council of UMA,” he said. Mustapha Ogun State Deputy Governor Mrs. Noimot Salako-Oyedele, and UMA’s Board of Trustee (BoT) Chairman Rasak Oladejo, congratulated the exco members. Mrs. Salako-Oyedele prayed to Allah to guide the team towards a successful tenure. Oladejo described the exco as a square peg in a square hole. According to him, the calibre of the new team has what it takes to take the UMA to the next level. Salisu thanked everyone that participated physically and online in the AGM. The UMA president solicited members’ support to strengthen the association. He apologised for the shortcomings of the last exco, promising to build on the achievements recorded.  Source •Dr. Wale Babalakin LAGOS (SundiataPost) - Some lecturers at the University of Lagos, Akoka, Lagos including a former chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Professor Ayo Olowe have pledged loyalty the Governing Council of the university led by the Pro Chancellor, Dr. Wale Babalakin.Consequently, they have declared… July 14, 2020 In "Education" By Siaka Momoh LAGOS - The Nigerian brewing industry is set to host the first Nigerian symposium on beer and health in Lagos. The one-day symposium comes up on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 inside the Iris & Jazmine Halls of the Eko Hotel and Suites, Victoria Island Lagos has as… October 31, 2014 In "Health" Lagos. - The Lagos State University (LASU) Joint Committee of Senate and Governing Council had selected three out of the nine professors initially shortlisted to contest for the post of the Vice-Chancellor. A reliable source within the University told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Lagos on the condition… December 9, 2015 In "News"