The Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to Nigeria’s President Garba Shehu has reacted on behalf of the government of Muhammadu Buhari over the freezing of accounts of #EndSARS promoters by the Central Bank of Nigeria. CBN had prayed an Abuja Federal High Court to freeze about 20 bank accounts of some End SARS promoters pending the conclusion of the outcome of its investigation. However, Shehu said Nigeria is a country governed by law, hence wrong doing won’t be allowed. Appearing on Channels Television’s Sunday Politics, Shehu said: “Know that this country has only one president and constitution, Buhari is responsible for his government and the bulk stops on his table. “The issue we are a country governed by law and there is a constitutional that states clearly under section 33 that defines the right of citizens to freely protest in a peaceful way. “But where the peaceful protest turns into a riot and looting, then there is a law and order duty that must be performed. Everyone is witnessed to the massive looting to the public and private properties particularly in Lagos, Calabar, Plateau, Taraba and even the FCT. “Now the laws of the country must be allowed to rule on the part of wrong doing on the part of anybody and I’m not particular about any celebrity or promoter. This country has been has been harmed enormously and people should be prepared to account for it “It would be of interest to Nigerians if some of those leading politicians who promoted End SARS to the time it was seized and taken over by looters to come out with the same force as they did support to denounce the degeneracy that set in. Some of them have said nothing so far and we are watching. “This country has to be saved from looters and the interest of this country is politics, PDP should come out and denounce these things unequivocally.”  Source There were strong indications on Tuesday that the Federal Government had begun a clampdown on promoters of #EndSARS protests by freezing their bank accounts.   Some #EndSARS promoters, who spoke separately to The PUNCH, said their banks informed them that the Central Bank of Nigeria had directed that their accounts… November 4, 2020 In "Politics" Controversy has trailed the exparte order obtained by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to freeze the accounts of 20 individuals and an organisation linked to the #EndSARS campaign. Many Nigerians especially youths have taken to social media to condemn the move by the apex bank. Also, youth representatives at… November 7, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - The Nigerian political elite took to their battle to Twitter on Saturday as the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mrs. Aisha Buhari, wife of the President and the Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to President Muhammadu Buhari, Malam Garba Shehu, engaged… March 27, 2016 In "Top Stories"