By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Chairman Senate Committee on Airforce, Senator Ibin Na’ Allah has stressed that the timely funding of the Nigerian Air Force will help ensure that lives and properties are protected in the ongoing fight against insurgency and banditry. Speaking at the Budget Defence of the Nigerian Airforce which was attended by the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall Sadique Abubakar, Senator Na’Allah said the senate committee was ready to demonstrate to Nigerians that it could give its life in the continuous effort at keeping Nigerians safe, by going on another tour of the theatre command in the North East of Nigeria. The committee had on Tuesday unanimously adopted the budget of the Nigerian Airforce as it was presented, with major concern expressed by some members of the committee that the undisclosed amount was not enough, giving the achievements recorded by the Airforce in its theatre Operations. Speaking earlier, the Chief of Air Staff. Air Vice Marshal Sadique Abubakar told the committee that the Nigerian Airforce was presently involved in (8) eight Operations across the country, which includes; Lafia Dole, Wild Stroke , Gama Aiki, Delta Safe and Thunder strike along the Kaduna expressway. The Air Chief also used the occasion to inform the senate committee that new bases have been established in Birnin – Gwari, Osun state, Bauchi, Gusau, Owerri, Agatu in Benue state and Bauchi. He said two hundred airmen are currently undergoing various trainings in different locations and will soon be integrated into the theatre command fighting insurgency and banditory in the country. Speaking at the meeting, senator Sani Musa (Niger East) lamented that allocating the sum of one billion naira for the training and retraining of airmen was too meagre. The Niger State senator who commended the Airforce for it’s prowess in combating Ambanditry in Niger East Senatorial District, especially in the Arewa area asked for a unit to be established in the troubled spot. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan has been commended by the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Adesola Amosu, who said that the President has shown more commitment towards tackling the insurgency in the North East than his political ambition to be re-elected in 2015. Amosu, who spoke on… March 5, 2015 In "News" By Tony Akowe Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives Committee has commended the effort of the Nigeria Airforce in destroying Boko Haram logistics facility at Gujeri, Borno State, assuring them of the support of the parliament in efforts aimed at whipping out the terrorist group. In a statement signed… January 5, 2020 In "Politics" By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - The Chief of the Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, says plans have been concluded for the deployment of a special mission aircraft to Benin to secure the maritime environment. Abubakar made this known during an on-the-spot assessment of the facilities at the Benin Unit… August 29, 2020 In "NIMASA & Maritime"