The decomposing body of a bar attendant, Oritoke Manni, has been found at a site in Otolu town, Akodo, in the Lekki Local Council Development Area of Lagos State.  PUNCH Metro gathered that Manni went missing after visiting her boyfriend, Segun Titilayo, at his house in the area. When efforts by Manni’s family members to locate her proved abortive, they reported a case of missing person to the police. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Muyiwa Adejobi, in a statement on Thursday, said the victim’s corpse was found after an engineer reported to the police that his company, while excavating its site at Otolu town, exhumed the body. He noted that Manni was identified by workers of the hotel. Adejobi said, “The Lagos State Police Command has arrested one Segun Titilayo, 29, of Otolu town, Lekki LCDA of Lagos State, for killing and burying the corpse of his girlfriend, Oritoke Manni, 26, a bar attendant at K.C. Hotel, Apakin town, Lekki. “On October 13, 2020, around 11am, it was reported that the suspect, Segun Titilayo, put a call to the deceased and she went to Segun’s house, but Oritoke (Manni) could not be traced or seen afterward. “The police recorded a case of a missing person for the deceased. The police wireless message on the case was widely circulated to all police formations across the state for search and necessary police action as a practice. “However, on November 7, 2020, one Engineer Adegbago David of Adron Homes and Properties reported to the police station at Akodo rea, Lagos State, that while the company was excavating its site at Otolu town, their caterpillar exhumed a decomposing corpse. Police detectives swung into action and the corpse was identified by the staff of the hotel to be Oritoke’s. The corpse was evacuated to a public morgue for autopsy. “The police placed a manhunt on the suspect and he was arrested. He is being detained at the SCID Panti and giving useful information to help the police in their investigation. “The state Commissioner of Police, Lagos State, Hakeem Odumosu, has condemned the crime and directed the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of the State CID, DCP Yetunde Longe, to carry out thorough investigation into the matter. “The CP cautions the youth, especially ladies, against keeping unscrupulous and destructive friends. He also encourages Lagosians to promote moral values and shun crimes and criminality.”  Source It’s sunset at dawn for 20-year-old Toluwalase Kembi, a polytechnic student awaiting industrial training. A visit to her friend in the Ikorodu area sadly led to her death allegedly by boyfriend who claimed he was paid N2m to carry out the act. The 33-year-old suspect, Owolabi Yusuf, also known as… September 20, 2020 In "Metro" The decomposing body of a 16-year-old housemaid allegedly killed and dumped in the bush by the Divisional Police Officer in charge of Mashi Local Government Area, Garba Talawai, has been found by the police, a report by DailyNigerian has revealed. The deceased teenager, Rabi Abdullahi, was a housegirl to the… June 22, 2019 In "Metro" Osun State - Pastor David Daley-Oladele, whose daughter, allegedly by one Owolabi Adeeko; his mother, identified simply as Mrs Adeeko; and the pastor of a white garment church, Segun Philip, in the Ikoyi-Ile area of Osun State, has stated that the dismembered body of the victim was buried on the church… December 30, 2019 In "Metro"