According to The PUNCH, no less than eighty-one professors of African Studies, both Nigerians and non-Nigerians, have written a letter to the United States President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris.  The dons wrote the letter seeking sanctions, including travel ban, for those responsible for the shooting of unarmed protesters at the Lekki tollgate area of Lagos on October 20. In their letter dated November 13, 2020, the dons urged specific policy actions in response to the #EndSARS movement in Nigeria from the incoming Biden/Harris administration. The dons specifically wrote to the Biden-Harris Transition Team, chaired by Ted Kaufman, and co-chaired by Anita Dunn, Cedric Richmond, Michelle Lujan Grisham, and Jeffrey Zients. The professors who signed the letter include Carl LeVan, American University; Chiedo Nwankwor, Johns Hopkins-SAIS; Patrick Ukata, Halsik Group; Rita “Kiki” Edozie, University of Massachusetts – Boston; and Olufemi Vaughan, Amherst College. Others are John Campbell, Council on Foreign Relations; Steve Feldstein, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace; Mojubaolu Olufunke Okome, Brooklyn College – CUNY; Onwubiko Agozino, Virginia Tech; Matthias Chika Mordi, Johns Hopkins – SAIS; Brandon Kendhammer, Ohio University; Omolade Adunbi, University of Michigan – Ann Arbor; and Shobana Shankhar, Stony Brook, SUNY. The letter read in part, “We, therefore, urge the United States to: Use the authority granted under the Global Magnitsky Act to place targeted sanctions, including asset freezes and travel bans, on politicians, officials and other Nigerians implicated in recent human rights abuses. These incidents should include but not be limited to the ‘Lekki Toll Gate Massacre’, various attacks on protestors since October 8, and other abuses of Nigerians engaged in peaceful free speech activities. The scholars also sought the suspension of security assistance and military sales to the Nigeria Police Force and security forces implicated in or broadly culpable for violence utilised against #EndSARS protesters “until the Buhari administration fully complies with relevant laws and policies to ensure accountability for human rights violations.”  Source American politician, Kamala Harris has reacted the triumph of Joe Biden over Donald Trump. Harris, Joe Biden's running mate, made after making history as the first woman and black person to be named vice president-elect after Biden was named President-elect. It will be recalled that Joe Biden became the 46th… November 8, 2020 In "Foreign" •Kamala Harris, US Vice President-elect ABUJA - United States vice president-elect, Kamala Harris, has a Nigerian connection. Her niece, is married to Nicholas Ajagu, an indigene of Nimo, Anambra State.While Nick Ajagu is a top executive at Facebook, Meena Harris is said to be a staff attorney at Uber. The… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" US President-elect Joe Biden took the first steps Sunday towards moving into the White House in 73 days, as Donald Trump again refused to admit defeat and tried to sow doubt about the election results. With congratulations pouring in from world leaders and supporters nursing hangovers after a night of… November 9, 2020 In "Foreign"