By Emeka Nze Abuja – The leadership of the National Consultative Front, NCFront has expressed great regret and sadness about the demise of Alhaji Dr Abdukadir Balarabe Musa, one the revered Elders and Political Icons of the Front, whose sad departure from the world occurred this morning in Kaduna at 84 In a statement issued in Abuja Tuesday, spokesperson of the group, Dr Tanko Yunusa, stated, “Alhaji Balarabe Musa was a true Hero and Martyr of the struggles of poor and masses in his life as he immensely sacrificed his personal comfort and resources for their freedom and wellbeing till his last breath, struggling tenaciously and consistently in various ways and times to ensure that the Nigerian poor are set free from the shackles of oppressive State rulers of Nigeria. “Balarabe Musa, as the leader of the Nigeria United for Democracy, NUD and the Chairman of the Conference of Nigerian Political Parties, CNPP in 2007, who proposed an alliance of opposition political parties in Nigeria against one party state rule in Nigeria, an intervention which later gave birth to Mega Party Movement under the leadership of Chief Anthony Enahoro of blessed memory and later Alhaji Lateef Jakande and Chief Olu Falae respectively.” The NCfront spokesman said the Mega Party had led to new realingnments under Congress of Progressive Change, (CPC) led by General Muhammadu Buhari, the new Social Democratic Party, (SDP) Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) among others, after the political alliance broke down few months to the 2011 Elections. “Alhaji Balarabe Musa in his last days on earth became a major pillar of the NCFront’s agenda to rescue Nigeria, making vital Interventions and contributions to how NCFront can become a credible political alternative to the present self serving ruling political power in Nigeria and how to reenact an ideological and value driven mega political movement to lead the Nigerian peoples to power from the ruling political cartel in Nigeria “We therefore wish to affirm that the various memoranda and writings of Balarabe Musa shall continue to be sources of inspiration to the NCFront agenda to rescue Nigeria in the present popular quest to build a new Nigeria that works for all. NCFront shall therefore be discussing how best to immortalise the struggles and legacies of the departed leader of the Talakawas and the People’s Redemption Party, PRP in the succeeding days.” By Naomi Sharang Abuja   -     Former Governor of Kaduna State, Alhaji Balarabe Musa, says the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) by 39 political parties and groups ahead of the 2019 general elections is an act of “opportunism”. Musa said this in an interview with the… July 10, 2018 In "Politics" The remains of Alhaji Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa, second Republic Governor of Kaduna State, has been laid to rest in Kaduna. The burial was preceded by a funeral prayer led by Sheikh Ahmed Gumi, at Sultan Bello Central Mosque, Kaduna The Sultan Bello Mosque open ground was filled with people from… November 11, 2020 In "News" The immediate past senator, who represented Kaduna Central in the Eighth National Assembly, Shehu Sani, has lampooned those suggesting the idea of the North holding on to power beyond 2023 after President Muhammadu Buhari’s term. Sani, who said it would be ungrateful for the North to attempt retaining power in… September 24, 2019 In "News"