The governor of Bayelsa state, Douye Diri has been called out by veteran musician, Charly Boy for ignoring a first class graduate and appointing an ex-BBNaija housemate, Rebecca Nengi Hampson as political aide.  He said such an act is wrong and a true reflection of a misplaced priority. Nengi recently got an appointment for the role of a Senior Special Adviser to the governor and was also made the Face of Bayelsa and role model to the Bayelsa State girl child. Unhappy with the development, Charly Boy took to Instagram to share his opinion which he titled ‘THE IRONY OF THE NIGERIAN STATE’ He wrote: “The young lady with white is a first-class graduate of the Niger Delta University, Faculty of Law, as well as a first-class graduate Nigeria Law School… she was not honoured by her Bayelsa State Government… “In another development, a girl, who is alleged to be a Third Class Graduate and a participant (A Runner Up) in the “Big Brother Naija” show, was given a state reception and was also honoured with a government appointment and was also declared the role model to the Bayelsa State Girl Child (the Face of the Bayelsa Girl Child). “What an irony and a misplacement of moral priority! “Meanwhile, congratulations to our lawyer, the True Face of the Bayelsa Girl Child, as far as I and every other realist, is concerned.” Aside Nengi, fellow Season 5 Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Tricky Tee also got an appointment from the Bayelsa State governor. See his post below: A post shared by CharlyBoy 🇳🇬 (@areafada1) Source • Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi One thing that is not in short supply since Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi assumed office in 2015 is his generosity in creating political offices and appointing people into them. Sources said the Umahi administration, which is in its fifth year, has rolled out… December 22, 2019 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa state has promised to publish an audited account of his eight years stewardship in line with his administration’s policy of accountability and transparency. A statement by the Special Adviser, Media Relations, Mr Fidelis Soriwei, quoted Governor Dickson as having made the… August 5, 2019 In "News" By Josephine Obute Lagos - Silverbird Group will soon unveil some young beautiful women with potential that will promote  the image of Nigeria positively within and outside the country. The Vice President of Silverbird Group, Guy Murray-Bruce, said this on Thursday during a press conference in Lagos ahead of the… April 25, 2019 In "Entertainment"