The Nigerian Army (NA) wishes to inform the general public that the Computer Based Pre-Selection Examination for Short Service Combatant 47/2020 (SSC 47) and Direct Short Service Commission 26/2020 (DSSC 26) will hold on Saturday 14 November 2020 in 15 centres across the nation. Candidates are advised to check their registered email, phone numbers and visit: www.recruitment.army.mil.ng for names of shortlisted candidates from 1.00am on 10 November 2020. All shortlisted candidates have been allotted New Examination and Seat Numbers. The shortlisted candidates have also been assigned examination centres and are to report to the centres at the times indicated against their names to sit for the Examination. The state centres selected by candidates have been grouped into zonal examination centres. Details of the grouping which constitute each zonal examination centre are shown on the portal. Candidates will not be allowed to write the Examination in any centre or session other than that allotted to the candidate on the portal. Therefore, candidates are to note the specific sessions and time for the examination as stated against their names for strict compliance. All candidates are to come alone and bring the following: * Photocopy of their application Photo Card. * Means of Identification – National ID Card, International passport or driver’s license. * Face Masks. * 3 copies of current passport photograph. Disclaimer Notice: Candidates are to note that any list gotten outside the website is not valid. SAGIR MUSA Colonel Acting Director Army public Relations 10 November 2020 From PRNigeria By Veronica Dariya Bwari (Abuja) -  The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has conducted test for over 37, 000 candidates seeking police jobs at 156 CBT centres nationwide, the registrar, Prof. Ishaq Oloyede has said. Oloyede made this known at the sideline of the 2018 Nigerian Police recruitment examinations,… May 26, 2018 In "News" The Nigeria Navy - invites applications from suitably qualified Nigerians for enlistment into the Nigerian Navy through the Direct Short Service Commission (DSSC) Course 25. Applications are invited for the position below: Job Title: Pharmacist Location: Nationwide Department: Medical Qualification B.Pharm degree and be fully registered with the Pharmacy Council… October 16, 2017 In "Education" The Nigeria Navy - invites applications from suitably qualified Nigerians for enlistment into the Nigerian Navy through the Direct Short Service Commission (DSSC) Course 25. Applications are invited for the position below: Job Title: Optometrist Location: Nationwide Department: Medical Qualifications Doctor of Optometry. Must be a fully registered optometrist, dispensing… October 16, 2017 In "Education"