The Lagos State Government has announced a partial closure of the service lane inbound Maryland from the end of Gani Fawehinmi Park to the end of the second pedestrian bridge, Ojota for six weeks, starting from Tuesday, November 17, 2020.  The statement signed by the State Commissioner for Transportation, Dr Frederic Oladeinde, on Monday, stated that the partial closure is to allow the contractor handling the stretch of the project from Ojota to Maryland to continue with the next phase of the construction, which includes the reconstruction of the Ikorodu road. As a result of this new arrangement, motorists coming from Ikeja axis are advised to use 7UP road through Billings way to link Oregun/Kudirat Abiola Way inbound Ikorodu road by Ojota bus stop. Oladeinde explained that traffic inward Ojota Bus stop/Maryland from the Ibadan-Lagos Expressway could either proceed to Oworonshoki/Gbagada or descend the loop by Abiola Garden to connect Ikorodu road (inbound Ketu). He added that they could ascend the loop back to the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway through the loop beside LAMATA Office to access Ikorodu road to Ojota. Also, the commissioner assured that adequate road signs have been provided to guide motorists movement.  Source Lagos - Lagos motorists and commuters on Saturday experienced light traffic on most of the roads in the metropolis as the New Year festivities continue. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), who monitored traffic situation in the metropolis, reports that the ever-busy Ikeja-Oshodi, Ikorodu-CMS and Orile-Iganmu-Mile 2-Badagry… January 2, 2016 In "News" By Lucy Osuizigbo Lagos -   The Lagos State Government on Wednesday issued a seven-day ultimatum to inter-state transport operators to vacate Ikorodu Road. Mr Steve Ayorinde, the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, disclosed this during the inspection of inter-state bus terminals on Ikorodu road. He said that Gov. Akinwunmi… September 13, 2017 In "News" By Perpetua Onuegbu Abuja - The Federal Government says it has intervened in the maintenance and rehabilitation of 37 bridges across the country including the Third Mainland Bridge. Mr Babatunde Fashola, Minister of Works and Housing, disclosed this at a news conference to update citizens on the forthcoming partial closure… July 21, 2020 In "News"