ABUJA – United States vice president-elect, Kamala Harris, has a Nigerian connection. Her niece, is married to Nicholas Ajagu, an indigene of Nimo, Anambra State.While Nick Ajagu is a top executive at Facebook, Meena Harris is said to be a staff attorney at Uber. The couple live in San Francisco. Dr Ausbeth Ajagu, founder of Pentium Ministries based in Canada, confirmed to Sundiata Post that Nicholas Ajagu is his first cousin. Even then, Nigeria’s former President Olusegun Obasanjo says the United States Vice President-elect, Kamala Harris, has Nigerian DNA because her father is from Jamaica where many slaves were taken to from Africa. Obasanjo said this in a congratulatory message to the President-elect of the US, Joe Biden. He wrote, “I felicitate with Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris as the first female Vice-President of the US. We in Africa are proud of her success. The first African-American President of the US, Barrack Obama, has Kenyan DNA in him and I am reasonably sure that the first African-American female Vice President-Elect of the US will have some Nigerian DNA in her as most of those taken to the Caribbean from Africa went from Nigeria of today.” The former Nigerian leader described Biden’s triumph as that of good over evil. “It is victory of good over evil and it is not victory for you and the people of America alone, but victory for most people of the world, majority of whom watch helplessly as the world that had been steadily and painstakingly built since the end of the Second World War was being pulled down. “Not that the world was perfect and equitable but it was reasonably predictable with some measure of rule of law and respect for international agreements and treaties.” See Obasanjo’s full lettet below: Democratic presidential candidate, Joe Biden has named Kamala Harris as his running mate for the US 2020 presidential elections. Biden's campaign announced on Tuesday August 11 that the former California attorney general Harris will be his vice-presidential pick, making her the first Black and South Asian American woman to run… August 12, 2020 In "Foreign" Kamala Harris will be the United States’ next vice president, CNN projects. She will be the first woman to hold the office. She will also be the nation’s first Black and South Asian vice president. Harris, who has represented California in the Senate since 2017, is the daughter of Jamaican… November 7, 2020 In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - European Union leaders Charles Michel and Ursula von der Leyen hailed Joe Biden’s electoral victory as president of the United States on Saturday and called for stronger transatlantic ties. “I warmly congratulate Mr Joe Biden on his victory in the US presidential election and look forward… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories"