The Edo State Judicial Panel of Inquiry has ordered the mother of a Nigerian actress to appear before it.  Actress Lilian Afegbai’s mother, Mrs. Carol Afegbai was summoned by the panel over the shooting of a University of Benin student, Ibrahim Momodu, by the police on May 27, 2013 in Benin City. According to Vanguard News, the family of the deceased is presently demanding a compensation of N50 million, arrest and prosecution of all police officers who were on duty and present during the shooting for complicity in the murder among others. In a petition by the family lawyer, Mr. Jefferson Uwoghiren dated October 27, 2020, he said that the deceased was allegedly killed by Corporal Amadin Idahosa, on the order of Mrs. Afegbai who was the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) at Ogida Police Station. Uwoghiren said on the fateful day, Momodu was shot on the order of the DPO without provocation, illegally for being an armed robber and was subsequently buried in a shallow grave in a desperate attempt at covering up the deed in a public cemetery in Benin.  Source The mother of a Nollywood actress has been seen on tape confessing to killing a student in 2013. Recall that Nollywood actress, Lilian Afegbai had taken to social media some days ago to defend her mother, Caroline Afegbai who was a former police officer. Her mother was dragged in the… October 20, 2020 In "Entertainment" •The late Superintendent Amawu Gabriel Anang By JACOB KUBEKA, Abuja Five police officers attached to the Obudu Divisional Police Office in Cross River State, have been accused of extra-judicial killing and unlawful shooting of Superintendent Amawu Gabriel Anang on March 10, 2020. Ironically, the deceased, prior to his gruesome murder,… April 30, 2020 In "Metro" The Nigerian Army, contrary to its decision last week, will appear on Saturday before the Lagos State Panel of Inquiry probing the alleged shooting of #EndSARS peaceful protesters by soldiers on October 20 at the Lekki tollgate. Sources close to the retired Justice Doris Okuwobi-led panel confirmed to The PUNCH… November 6, 2020 In "News"