ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari has said the realisation of the refinery roadmap that was rolled out two years ago will enable Nigeria to export petroleum products to neighbouring countries and other markets. Buhari said this on Tuesday at the inauguration of the 5,000 barrels-per-day Waltersmith Modular Refinery and the groundbreaking for a 45,000-bpd plant in Imo State. He commended Waltersmith Group, an indigenous oil firm, and the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board for the collaboration that led to the construction of the refinery.  He directed the Ministry of Petroleum Resources, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, the Department of Petroleum Resources and all other relevant government agencies to provide all the necessary support to the refinery with regards to access to crude oil and condensate feedstock. Buhari said, “We rolled out our refining roadmap in 2018, to address challenges in the downstream sector. After many years of government giving out modular refining licences without any coming on-stream, we are today seeing a commissioning within two years. “The plan to commence the expansion of this refinery to 50,000bpd capacity, to refine crude oil and condensate, is a demonstration of the economic reform Nigeria is undergoing.” According to the President, the refinery roadmap includes the rehabilitation of the existing refineries, collocation of new refineries and construction of greenfield plants. “The realisation of the refinery roadmap will ultimately lead us to becoming a net exporter of petroleum products, not only to our neighbouring countries but to other wide markets,” he said. The Chairman, Waltersmith Group, Mr Abdulrazaq Isa, said the refinery would deliver over 271 million litres of refined petroleum products yearly, including kerosene, diesel, naphtha and heavy fuel oils, to the domestic market. The Punch The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) has said that the 5,000 barrels per day (bpd) Waltersmith Modular Refinery project is fully ready for operations.   The Director of DPR, Mr Sarki Auwalu, stated this during a pre-commissioning visit to the project site located in Ibigwe, Imo State recently. The refinery… October 27, 2020 In "Business" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Ohaji-Egbema (Imo)  - The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, on Wednesday said while previous administrations talked about modular refineries, only President Muhammadu Buhari’s government ensured their establishment. The minister stated this at the pre-commissioning inspection of the Waltersmith’s 5000 barrels per day (bpd) modular… September 16, 2020 In "Politics" By Oluwafunke Ishola   Lagos,   -      Experts on Wednesday called on the Federal Government to urgently revamp the nation’s refineries and create an enabling environment for private investment in refineries to curb the rising importation of petroleum products. The experts spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria… August 8, 2018 In "News"