Charles Idibia, the brother of Legendary Nigerian singer, Tu Baba Idibia has lambasted Blackface over his constant attacks on the singer.  This is coming a week after BlackFace called out 2face for the umpteenth time. This time it was over the death of an ex-driver of the singer. BlackFace had blasted 2Face and his friends for not informing him of the man’s death when he died. Charles while reacting to the incident called BlackFace an idiot and berated him for never telling Nigerians how 2face paid for his house rent for years. He Wrote: “I hope you know you are a few minutes from running stack naked on the streets and singing your dead meaningless songs. Where were you when 2face housed and took care of oga benny for over 12years ? 2face old time driver died now you have something to run to social media with , you are just pitiful faded wasted artist clinging to your last dieing ember of 5minute attention . You will never tell people how 2face paid your house rent for years , until you spent your own paid house rent from 2face on flex and you were kicked out of the house .Your uncle who housed you in festac died ,what did you do ? When last did you visit your own family ? Do you even ever have Oga benny’s phone number ? Your obsession with 2face will be the death of you , fucking idiot. [I. B]” Source Nigerian artiste and former Plantashun boiz member, Blackface has called out his colleague, TuBaba out over the death of Benny who was his former driver. Taking to his Instagram page, Blackface narrated how Benny helped them during the early days of their career and would go on to become the… November 20, 2020 In "Entertainment" By By Busayo Onijala/Justina Auta Abuja - Nigerian music icon, Innocent Idibia aka 2Face has been conferred with the award of the Fellow of the school of music by the Department of Music, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife. The 43 year-old Singer, who is also a songwriter, record producer and… March 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" 2face sharing the post urged Africans to wake up and rescue themselves from 'mental slavery'.  2face Idibia  Nigerian music Legend, 2face Idibia has come under attack for endorsing a post criticising the Holy Bible. Taking to his Instagram page, 2face on Thursday shared a screenshot of a post by Ikhide Ikheloa, popularly… July 19, 2019 In "Entertainment"