Passengers were on Friday evening stranded for hours in the bush, as the Kaduna-Abuja train broke down. A video circulated on social media showed passengers taking fresh air outside the train, while the faulty train was been attended to. The Nation gathered that the two hours journey to Abuja took more than four hours to be completed. In the video, a passenger (name unknown) said, the train stopped for two hours at an unknown location and that forced most passengers to get off for fresh air.” When contacted to confirm the incident through phone, the Manager of Rigasa Station, Aminu Ibrahim, said the incident was a mere mechanical fault, which is normal for any engine. He however said that the fault had since been fixed and the train has since resumed it normal schedule. According to him, “what happened is a normal thing, it was a mechanical fault. As you know, mechanical fault is normal for any engine. But, it has since been fixed and we have since resumed our normal operation. In fact, we did all our schedules today.” (The Nation) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Passengers flared up angrily as a locomotive train with identification SP00003, which took off from Kaduna and heading to Abuja,  broken down on the outskirts of Jere Local Government Area of Kaduna State. According to News Agency of Nigeria, the train which took off at about… September 7, 2018 In "News" The Abuja-Kaduna train on Tuesday broke down in a bush near Rigasa terminal, forcing hundreds of passengers to trek with their luggage to the station. Some of the passengers told DAILY NIGERIAN that the train, which left Abuja 6pm, developed a technical problem in the bush, about 100meters to its terminal… November 27, 2019 In "News" By Taiye Elebiyo-Edeni Abuja - Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) on Friday said that over 4,000 passengers travelled out of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) in the last two days by train. Mr Victor Adamu, the Operations Manager of Abuja-Kaduna Train Service disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency… February 16, 2019 In "News"