Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  United States President Donald Trump said on Tuesday qqqq Russia may be wishing to see his Democratic rival Joe Biden emerge 1victorious on Election Day. Outgoing President of the United States, Donald Trump, remained adamant that he won the election even after projections showed that former vice president, Joe Biden, has gathered enough electoral college votes to emerge the next president. Trump tweeted this just after it was beyond doubt that Joe Biden will be the next president – an occurrence that has now become one of his many attempts to question the whole election process and alleging an attempt to fraudulently force him out of office. In a tweet that was flagged, Trump wrote: “I WON THIS ELECTION, BY A LOT!” Also, Trump’s lawyer, Rudy Giuliani has said the outgoing president will not concede the election. CBS reports that Giuliani said this at a press conference shortly after Joe Biden was projected to become the 46th president of the United States. “Obviously he’s not going to concede when at least 600,000 ballots are in question,” Giuliani said in Philadelphia on Saturday. The president’s attorney alleged that ballots were tampered with in Pennsylvania, the state that gave Biden the needed electoral college numbers to return to the White House as the number one citizen. According to Giuliani, the Trump campaign plans to file several federal lawsuits alleging the “uniform deprivation of the right to inspect” ballots. He accused the “Democratic machine in Philadelphia” of tampering with counting, and “(keeping) the votes of dead people secret. “Seems to me somebody from the Democratic National Committee sent out a note that said don’t let the Republicans look at those mail-in ballots. Early indications suggested Trump would win Georgia - but it's now looking very close. Why? The chart below shows how the vote share in narrowing as more mail-in votes are counted. Mail-in votes are thought to favour Biden - one theory being that Democrats are taking the pandemic more seriously… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" •Joe Biden, US President-elect Joe Biden has won the race to become the next US president, defeating Donald Trump following a cliff-hanger vote count after Tuesday's election. The BBC projects that Mr Biden has won the key battleground of Pennsylvania, propelling him over the 270 electoral college vote threshold required… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Hours after defeating Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential race, Joe Biden, has said that he was honored that Americans chose him as their leader. Biden who said yesterday that Trump was not his enemy but simply his opponent, opined that he would be a president… November 7, 2020 In "Top Stories"