After squandering a 4-0 lead, the Super Eagles will today face the Leone Stars of Sierra Leone for their African Nations Cup qualifying match.  It is a redemption match for the Eagles, to salvage their image. The Eagles squandered a 4-0 lead against the Leone Stars on Saturday at Ogbe Stadium in Benin. Nigerian fans and the players were embarrassed as the Leone stars clawed their way back into the game, forcing a 4-4 draw. Captain Ahmed Musa had since apologised for the blunder, pledging an improvement in Freetown. William Troost-Ekong, one of the Eagles said: “It is our Naija spirit to overcome and succeed. Hungry and ready for redemption Tuesday”. The Eagles left Nigeria earlier today, and upon landing at the Lungi International Airport were ferried to the city. According to reports, the Eagles will be training at Siaka Stevens Stadium today at 5.45pm Nigerian time for the cracker with the hosts. The match will be played at 1700 Nigerian time on Tuesday. Nigeria has a thin lead in Group I with seven points. Second placed member of the group, Benin Republic has six points. Sierra Leone has two and Lesotho just one point. Source Ex-Super Eagles midfielder, Christian Obodo, has spoken after his abduction along the Refinery Road, Warri, Delta State on Sunday. The Police Public Relations Officer, Delta State Command, Onome Onovawakpoyeya, confirmed that Obodo was kidnapped while buying bananas along the road. Speaking after his release, the former Udinese star who has… November 16, 2020 In "Sports" By Cheta Nwanze Our British colonial masters brought us a lot of good stuff. Stuff such as education, Christianity and corruption, among tohers. But probably the best thing the Brits brought to us was football. Today, in homage to the coming World Cup, we take a quick tour of the… June 9, 2014 In "Sports" Reigning African champions Nigeria began its 2015 Cup of African Nations qualifying campaign on a low following a shock 3-2 loss to Congo at the UJ Esuene Stadium in Calabar. The Super Eagles were the better side in the opening exchanges and duly took the lead in the 14th minute… September 6, 2014 In "Sports"