The Speaker of Bauchi State House of Assembly, Hon. Abubakar Suleiman has been elected as the new chairman of the Conference of Speakers of State Legislatures in Nigeria.  Suleiman takes over from the speaker of Lagos State House of Assembly, Hon. Mudashiru Obasa who has served out his tenure. The constitution of the conference stipulates a two-year term of office for its elected leadership which rotates between the north and the southern part of Nigeria. At a meeting held at Reiz Continental Hotel in Abuja late Thursday, Obasa, who, in 2018, took over from the Speaker of the Kebbi State House of Assembly, Ismail Kamba, formally handed over to Suleiman, who is now saddled with leading the conference for the next two years.  Other members of the committee include: Obasa’s tenure saw the push for financial autonomy for state legislatures and the judiciary as well as cooperation with the government of President Muhammadu Buhari to achieve this. Recall that President Buhari, on May 22, 2020, signed Executive Order 10 for the implementation of the financial autonomy after a committee report concerning the issue was handed over to him.  Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Speakers’ conference is grossly dissatisfied with happenings in Edo,and this will be communicated to all those who should know.” There Nation gathered that the Conference of Speakers may publicly disown the sacked speaker of the Edo Assembly, Francis Okiye, if he fails… August 9, 2020 In "Politics" Colleagues of the Speaker of Lagos House of Assembly, Hon. Mudashiru Ajayi Obasa have promised to support him in his political journey as well as constantly set the records straight where necessary. The lawyers made the promise when they paid the Speaker a solidarity visit at his office. The lawyers… August 12, 2020 In "News" By Lucy Osuizigbo and Folasade Adeniran Lago -  Gov.  Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Friday attributed the massive development going on in the state to the harmonious relationship between the state executive and legislature. Ambode said this when he received the Conference of Speakers of State Legislatures of Nigeria… August 4, 2018 In "Politics"