Handsome Nollywood actor, Frederick Leonard has opened up on why he is still single at the age of 44.  Speaking in a recent interview with Allure Vanguard, the actor stressed the need for couples to take their time and be more realistic in order to avoid broken homes. He Said;“I have not lost hope in marriage. It is just the time we live in. I believe in marriage and even the Bible says that it is not good for man to be alone. I do not want to end up alone. I do not want to end up miserable. “I want to be with someone who I have a lot of things in common with; someone I’m compatible with. I believe in the institution of marriage, and I think that people should be more realistic with themselves when it comes to picking a partner.” The actor won the award for Best Supporting Actor in a movie at the Golden Icons Academy Movie Awards in 2014 and in 2016 won the City People Movie Award For Best Supporting Actor of the Year (English) at the City People Entertainment Awards. This is a list of some popular Nigerian actors who have clocked 40 years and are yet unmarried. There are some Nollywood actors who have turned 4 year old and are yet to be married. These are some of those actors. Nonso Diobi - 43 Years The multiple award-winning Nigerian… August 4, 2019 In "Entertainment" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nollywood ace actor, Yul Edochie, has urged people to desist from showcasing fake love, but celebrate people more when they are still alive. The renowned actor took to his twitter page @yuledochie to express dissatisfaction over people’s attitude to death and their refusal to celebrate the… December 4, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos - The President, Actors Guild of Nigeria (AGN), Mr Emeka Rollas, says the association never abandoned its member, Earnest Asuzu, down with stroke for years. Rollas told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Lagos that AGN board was making efforts for another spiritual rehabilitation… February 4, 2020 In "Entertainment"