The Federal Government has begun moves to bring all unions within the university system under one single entity, according to the Executive Secretary of the National Universities Commission (NUC), Professor Abubakar Rasheed. Professor Rasheed said the polarisation of the university system, where each of the unions comes up with its individual demands to the Federal Government had made it difficult for the government to accede to their demands. He noted that this was why university education in Nigeria could not match the academic standards of their peers abroad. He disclosed this while speaking as a special guest at the 2nd Quadrennial National Delegates Conference of Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) in Abuja on Monday. According to him, talks were on to convince the leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) to invite all the various unions to a roundtable discussion on why they needed to come under one umbrella. The unions expected to key into the new proposal are the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities (NASU), the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT) and the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU). He argued that there was a need for the unions to enter into negotiations with the gov¬ernment with one accord. While appealing to the conscience of the unions, the NUC scribe said it was regret-table that most times government and individual unions locked horns while negotiat-ing better welfare packages for staff at the detriment of students. (Daily Independent) By Owei Lakemfa Nigeria, a country of 183 million people hardly has heroes accepted by all. A culture of opportunism, lack of principles, parochial politics, ethnic jingoism and an uncultured elite, has made the national acceptance of our heroes, virtually impossible. The nearest, is a military candidate who was consumed… December 7, 2017 In "Opinion" By Chinyere Nwachukwu   Lagos -  Some education stakeholders have expressed divergent views over the ongoing warning nationwide strike embarked upon by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), the Trade Union Congress (TUC) and United Labour Congress (ULC). The strike began from 12 mid night on Wednesday after the ultimatum the… September 28, 2018 In "News" SSANU, NASU, NAAT Suspend Strike: The Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities (NASU) and the National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT) have suspended the strike they embarked upon 11 days ago. This development is coming after ASUU suspended of her own industrial action.… September 22, 2017 In "Education"