Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Rivers Stat koe Governor, Nyesom Wike, on Wednesday, slams his Ebonyi State counterpart, Dave Umahi, for calling him a dictator who controls the structure of the Peoples Democratic Party.Wike also said Umahi was wrong to have said he singlehandedly imposed Uche Secondus as the National Chairman of the PDP.The Rivers State governor made this known on Wednesday evening while featuring on Channels Television’s Politics Today programme.Controversy continues to trail the defection of Umahi from the PDP to the All Progressives Congress as stakeholders of both parties exchange verbal attacks.Umahi, a longtime member of the PDP, had claimed he defected because of the “injustice” meted to the South-East region by the party, adding that the APC would protect the interest of the region in the 2023 presidential election.Speaking during the program, Wike said Umahi was free to exercise his fundamental right of association but he was wrong to have threatened the PDP with his exit.“If there is one person that has supported Umahi, it is me. But for him to threaten the party is wrong.“Umahi wants to run for President of Nigeria but he has no right to threaten anybody. Politics is dialogue and diplomacy,” he said. Wike added that the Southern region of Nigeria wants to produce a president in the 2023 elections but “who tells Umahi that he is the only qualified South-East person to be president?”The River State governor also said Umahi was “insulting the intelligence of the South-East people” by claiming to have the interest of the region at heart whilst he pursued his personal ambition. He stated, “On the other hand, if you watch him today on Arise TV, he said one of the reasons (he left) is that Wike is a dictator. Wike controls the party. Which one do we take now? Was Wike in charge from 1999? When did Wike become relevant?”Wike also recalled that “Umahi called me on Monday and told me he wanted to move and I said, you are free. However, check yourself, check your conscience, if you are satisfied, you are free. THERE was disquiet in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday, following the defection of Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi to the All Progressives Congress (APC). It was learnt that the defection unsettled the party’s leadership after making a last-minute effort to dissuade Umahi from leaving its fold. The party… November 18, 2020 In "Politics" By Douglas Okoro   Abakaliki   -       Sen. Soni Ogbuji, the Governorship Candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ebonyi State, has warned the state government against reckless spending of public funds. Ogbuoji gave the warning on Monday in Abakaliki in a statement issued by his Campaign… December 17, 2018 In "News" Ebonyi State Governor, Engr. David Umahi, will not be joining the All Progressives Congress (APC) alone, but with a large number of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), News Express has learnt.   Joining the Umahi to APC include the Speaker of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Hon. Francis Nwifuru,… October 19, 2020 In "Politics"