 The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has opened its application for sponsorship of Nigerian startups to the upcoming 40th edition of the Gulf Information Technology Exhibition (GITEX) taking place at the Dubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). GITEX, according to a statement by NITDA Spokesperson, Mrs. Hadiza Umar, is slated to begin on December 6, and will run till December 10, 2020. Over 150,000 trade visitors from over 140 countries, Umar, the spokesperson for the agency, said are expected at the 5-day global tech expo and conferences. “The GITEX Technology Week 2020 is a major meeting point for technology industry professionals; governments, innovators, futurists and corporate buyers. GITEX has now become a major thrust for the Global Startup Movement attracting some of the world’s biggest technology mentors, angel investors, and venture capitalists,” she added. Nigeria has featured an increasingly strong delegation and Country Pavilion presence through NITDA since 2013 to explore cross-nations deals and collaborations. In the last five years also, NITDA has provided strong support for Nigerian startups by featuring over 40 startups at GITEX Future Stars Pavilion through its subsidiary, the Office for ICT Innovation and Entrepreneurship (OIIE). Innovative Technology (and Technology Driven) Startups with solutions addressing 5G, Artificial Intelligence (AI) & Augmented Analytics, Transportation, Digital Economies, Cyber Security and Resilience, Cloud and edge computing, Blockchain technology, can apply for a full sponsorship to represent Nigeria at GITEX. Interested applicants are invited to visit: http://bit.ly/NITDA-GITEX2020 to apply. The application process closes by midnight of November 16, 2020, after which all entries will be evaluated and successful startups will be selected and contacted.  By PRNigeria  By Ijeoma Olorunfemi   Abuja    -       The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has received 407 start-up applications for sponsorship to the annual Gulf Information Technology Exhibition (GITEX) schedule for October. Mrs Hadiza Umar, the Head, Corporate Affairs and External Relations Unit of the agency made… September 12, 2018 In "News" As part of efforts to­ boosts the Federal Gover­nment’s job creation effort ­through the developme­nt of eight Informati­on and Communications­ technology (ICT) hub­s in the six geopolit­ical zones of the cou­ntry, Zinox Technolog­ies Ltd has secured about N7.875 billion ­($25 million) counter­part funding to roll ­out a trio of digital­… August 28, 2016 In "Business" ABUJA - Nigeria is to represent Africa as the Official Country Partner (OCP) at the GITEX Technology Week 2014, scheduled to hold in Dubai, United Arab Emirate, from Oct. 12 to Oct. 16. Dr Peter Jack, the Director-General, National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), stated this in a statement signed… October 3, 2014 In "Features"