Genius ‘Ginimbi Kadungure’, a popular Zimbabwean socialite has died dead. The socialite died early Sunday morning in an accident along Borrowdale Road, in Harare. The crash occurred along a curve just before Hatcliff suburb on the road to Domboshava. “This is unbearable. A young man who worked hard and enjoyed hard is no more! The flower has wilted! Go well Boss Ginimbi”, said exiled former minister, Saviour Kasukuwere. Ginimbi was reportedly speeding when the mishap happened. The impact threw him out of the vehicle which later burst into flames. Witnesses said two other passengers were “burnt beyond recognition”. Ginimbi is the owner of Pioneer Gas and PIKO Group. The deceased owned a mansion in the peri-urban settlement and a fleet of expensive cars including Rolls Royce, Ferrari, Lamborghini. The businessman posted a video on his Instagram story as he was heading out to a birthday party. “Yo my name is Ginimbi, it’s time to go out. It’s gonna be going down, we are going to dreams in the next few minutes. “It’s gonna be going down. We are going to pop champagne, it’s gonna be champagne showers…tonight, see you there.” “Driving Rolls Royce wraith”, Ginimbi added as he turned the music volume up. Video: The last Instagram story posted by Zimbabwean Millionaire #Ginimbi or before he was confirmed dead this morning. Life is short guys. MHSRIP. Cherish each day #Ginimbi #geniusallwhiteparty pic.twitter.com/c5gQz4aWw5 Zimbabwe’s Ginimbi confirmed dead this morning in a high speed motor accident. Just this morning Oo! See the clothes he wore before driving. See him lifeless on the floor with the same clothes. This life en! Be careful out there Ooo please. Drive safe please. See his page @ginimbi, he actually posted some few hours ago before he died. Aaaaaaaaaah! RIP man. A post shared by  Tunde Ednut (@tundeednut) on Nov 8, 2020 at 1:19am PST  Source Popular and controversial former Senator turned actor, Dino Melaye has revealed that everything he owns is a product of his hard work. The flamboyant ex-lawmaker revealed this during an Instagram live interview with popular Journalist, Dele Momodu of Ovation Magazine. He challenged anyone who thinks he got his money illegally… April 27, 2020 In "Politics" Lagos  -  Alhaji Babs Animashaun, the National Coordinator and Founder, National Parent Teacher Association of Nigeria (NAPTAN) died on Sunday, his wife, Alhaja Biola Animashaun, has said. She told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at their Surulere home on Monday in Lagos that he died at about 6.00 a.m.… November 23, 2015 In "News" Talented singer King Promise is out with a new video, ‘Tokyo’, featuring Nigerian music star Wizkid. While the video is amazing, what seems to have caught the attention of many is popular socialite Hajia 4Real, who is one of the many females who made an appearance in the video. Hadia… December 10, 2018 In "Entertainment"