Kachi, a Nigerian reality Tv star who won the Ultimate Love reality show has revealed the reason his relationship with Rosie crashed.  Kachi and Rosie were the winners of the reality dating show “Ultimate love”. However, the relationship hit the rocks weeks ago after rumors emerged on social media. Kachi, with Chude in an interview disclosed that he broke up with Rosie because she had an abortion without his approval. Kachi in tears said he warned Rosie about the abortion, stressing that he would not be part of the process but she went ahead with it “Rosie told me she was pregnant and I was happy about it but then told me she wanted to abort the child, my child. “She said she didn’t want her parents finding out she was pregnant before they got married especially after she had two children out of wedlock “Rosie also brought up her career but insisted her parent was the major reason she wanted to terminate the pregnancy. “Then we set out looking for a particular drug but within me I said if it’s Gods will that we keep this child let us not find the drugs,” he added. However, Rosie is yet to give her side of the story.  Abuja -  Some Abuja-based lawyers have tasked Nigerians to collectively priortise the protection of rights of vulnerable children in the society. The told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Friday that the protection of rights of children should not be limited to government alone. Mrs Kachi Ibeh… March 11, 2016 In "News" BOGOTA - El Salvador’s total ban on abortion is killing women and girls, forcing them to undergo dangerous backstreet abortions and landing them in jail, rights group Amnesty International said on Thursday. Abortion has been illegal in the Central American nation since 1998 - even in cases of rape, incest,… September 26, 2014 In "Health" No young man or old man would pray to be in the shoes of Elias Audu. The accursed fate that has befallen him is terrible and a huge blow to his ego. Last year, one month before he reported at the NYSC camp in Osun State, Audu had married his… May 18, 2019 In "Metro"