Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Mr. Moyosore Onigbanjo (SAN), Lagos State Attorney-General (A-G), has ordered the release of 253 persons arrested by police over their alleged roles in the unrest following the #EndSARS protests.The A-G said in a statement that his office had determined that there was a nondisclosure of a prima-facie case against the 253 persons by the police.The statement, signed by Mr. Kayode Oyekanmi, Director of Public Affairs, Lagos State Ministry of Justice and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday, said 92 persons would, however, be prosecuted.The A-G said the police had, between Nov. 4 and Nov. 5, forwarded 40 case files to the Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP) in respect of the 361 persons arrested in respect of crimes that occurred in connection with the protests.“Legal advice has been issued in respect of all the 40 case files received.“As of Nov. 6, the Directorate has been able to despatch legal advice in respect of 81 persons that are being charged to the various courts.The others will be despatched to court on Monday, Nov. 9.“Out of the 361 persons, the DPP shall be prosecuting 92 persons for different offences ranging from arson, stealing, breaking into buildings, armed robbery, and murder.“The office has advised that 253 persons be released forthwith for non-disclosure of a prima facie case.“In the meantime, two case files in respect of 16 persons have been advised for further investigation by the police,” the statement said.The A-G in the statement assured members of the public that his office would ensure that those arrested by the police are treated in accordance with the due process of the law.Onigbanjo also noted that his office remained committed to maintaining the rule of law and ensuring peace and order in the state. Moyosore Onigbanjo SAN, the Lagos Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, has advised the courts to release arrested EndSARS protesters. Onigbanjo directed the courts to immediately free 253 persons arrested by the Police in connection with the #EndSARS protest in the state, The Nation reports. Onigbanjo said the state’s Directorate of… November 8, 2020 In "News" #EndSARS protesters, the Alliance for Survival of COVID-19 and Beyond, human rights groups and lawyers on Sunday warned the Federal Government against deploying troops to stop Nigerians campaigning for police reforms.   They warned the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), that such an action would backfire.   Campaigners, demanding… October 19, 2020 In "News" Youths protesting against the brutality and extrajudicial killings by men of the now-disbanded Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Nigeria Police Force on Tuesday blocked traffic flow around Secretariat, Ikeja, along the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway.   The protest has brought vehicular movements to a standstill as motorists and commuters are trapped… October 13, 2020 In "News"