By Chuks Nweze Enugu – Former governor of old Anambra state, Senator Jim Nwobodo has expressed deep grief at the demise of his fellow progressive governor in the second republic, Alhaji Balarabe Musa of Kaduna state, who passed, Wednesday. Nwobodo said that Musa’s death was painful to him and described him as a fearless governor who was the first to be impeached in Nigeria because of his strong belief in egalitarianism. He appealed to Governor Nasiru El-Rufai of Kaduna state to take care of Musa’s family knowing full well that he was not a rich man, but one who strived for equity and fair play both in politics and in the society. Nwobodo said: “I mourn over his death and since the second republic he has been my very close friend and in spite his travails we have remained very close. He was the first Governor to be impeached, even when they had the majority he won the election but because he didn’t have the majority in the house, the NPN impeached him but since then and in spite of all that, he had stood his ground. “He said what he felt like saying and he has integrity, fair minded, he was liked by the ordinary people and up till last month I was in touch with him. He was one person who believed in the zoning of the Presidency, saying that it should go round. He spoke out his mind fearlessly. His death has pained me. “I also request for the Governor of Kaduna state, Nasiru El-Rufai, to look after his family. I know that he was not a rich man and his family deserves to be looked after. I wish his family the peace and ability to bear the irreparable loss. May his soul rest in peace.” ABUJA - Former Kaduna-Central Senator, Shehu Sani, has announced the death of a former Governor of Kaduna State, Balarabe Musa. Balarabe, who was the first governor in the history of Nigeria to be impeached, was 84 years old. The PUNCH could not independently confirm if indeed he had passed on.… November 11, 2020 In "Top Stories" Former Kaduna-Central Senator, Shehu Sani, has announced the death of a former Governor of Kaduna State, Balarabe Musa. Balarabe, who was the first governor in the history of Nigeria to be impeached, was 84 years old. The PUNCH could not independently confirm if indeed he had passed on. Announcing the… November 11, 2020 In "Politics" The remains of Alhaji Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa, second Republic Governor of Kaduna State, has been laid to rest in Kaduna. The burial was preceded by a funeral prayer led by Sheikh Ahmed Gumi, at Sultan Bello Central Mosque, Kaduna The Sultan Bello Mosque open ground was filled with people from… November 11, 2020 In "News"