Former Senate President Bukola Saraki on Saturday received a heroic welcome from associates and supporters in Ilorin, Kwara state capital. Senator Saraki was in the town for the 8th year memorial prayer of his late father Dr Olusola Saraki. A mammoth crowd of supporters and well wishers had earlier besieged Ilorin International Airport to welcome Senator Bukola Saraki back home after a long break. Saturday’s homecoming was Saraki’s first pronounced visit to Ilorin since he left office as Senate President in June 2019. Shouts of “idera de”, (comfort has returned) rented the air as chorused by supporters of Saraki along Ilorin International Airport road and adjoining roads in the metropolis.  Human and vehicular movement from the popular Garin Alimi area, Sawmill road and other communities leading to the Emir’s palace became Herculean task as supporters of the former Senate President crowded the places. The scenes at the surrounding streets of Ilofa GRA, the residence of the Saraki family was a beehive of activities, as the crowd of supporters milled around to welcome their political leader back into the town, dressed in customized T-shirts and caps, with such inscriptions as “Saraki we love”, “o su wa”, “ABS-Saraki”. The 8th year fidau prayer was held at the Sarakis’ Iloffa, GRA residence, Ilorin. Other dignitaries present at the event included the minister of state for Transportation, Gbemisola Saraki, Senator Rafiu Ibrahim, the state chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Engr. Kola Shittu, former Acting national chairman of the PDP, Alh Abubakar Kawu Baraje and former speaker of the state House of Assembly, Dr Ali Ahmad among others. The Chief Imam of Ilorin, Sheikh Mohammed Bashir Solihu led the prayer session. He was supported by the Grand Mukadam of Ilorin, Sheikh Sulaiman Dan-Borno, Sheikh Saanu Sheu and Imam AbdulRazaq Aduagba. The clerics, in their separate sermons, admonished parents to bequeath love, good moral and religious teachings to their children for them to benefit remembrance prayers from such responsible children. Sheikh Bashir, said that late Saraki touched lives in all parts of the state and beyond through his philanthropic gestures, adding that the late politician lived an exemplary life being emulated by the children.  The clerics said that the Fidau prayer should be part of the obligations of every responsible child to late parents, adding that it attracts reward from God because it is what God loves and commanded. Chief Mukadam of Ilorin, Sheikh Sulyman Dan-Borno expressed gladness over the presence of both Senators Bukola Saraki and Gbemisola Saraki, at the event. “We hold it that with your togetherness, love and unity, people will not see the secret of Ilorin. Late Olusola Saraki planted goodness, peace, prosperity, in all parts of the state. And people benefitted therefrom. We are assured that Saraki is happy in his grave with what is happening among the children and the people he left behind,” he said. Also, Imam AbdulRazaq Aduagba said that the people of Kwara are happy with the children of the late political icon, adding that, “Saraki is a symbol of love. ” The cleric urged people to discourage bad publicity against Bukola Saraki, saying that Allah has His ways of controlling affairs of life. “We can all see the difference in what happened before and what’s happening now in the political situation of Kwara. Our people, should, therefore, change their ways to love one another. Let’s forgive ourselves and accept God’s ways,” he admonished. The Nation Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki has arrived Ilorin, the Kwara State capital. The arrival to his GRA to his hometown is the first since the 2019 general elections where he lost his bid to return to the Senate. Bukola’s visit to the town is for the eight-year Fidau prayer for… November 14, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -   Senate President, Dr.  Bukola Saraki has just been accorded a heroic reception by mammoth crowd of supporters and admirers that gathered at Ilorin International Airport to welcome him to Ilorin, his hometown, some ten days after the Supreme Court discharged and acquitted him… July 17, 2018 In "Top Stories" OMU-ARAN (KWARA) - Some traditional rulers in Kwara have described the election of Sen. Bukola Saraki as President of the 8th Senate as ``unprecedented in the political history of Kwara.’’ The traditional rulers made the assertion during separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) at their palaces in… June 9, 2015 In "News"