The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has denied allegations it did not remit N21bn revenue from Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) to the Federation Account. Its Group Managing Director (GMD) Mele Kyari dismissed the allegation as pedestrian and false. The Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC) had in a report submitted to the House of Representatives Committee on Public Accounts accused the NNPC of failing to remit dividends paid into the NLNG dividend account. RMAFC alleged the NNPC spent the money without remitting same to government coffers. Reacting to the allegation during an interview with reporters in Lagos, Kyari said it was practically impossible not to remit money into the federation account. He said: “I think it is just impossible not to remit money into the Federation Account. It is also impossible to withdraw any money illegally from any account of government. By the way, the NLNG accounts are Treasury Single Accounts (TSA) and domiciled with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). “It is practically impossible. We thought the accusation was very pedestrian and we didn’t bother to react to it because we know that it is impossible.” Source The House of Representatives has accused the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr Mele Kyari, of refusing to respond to an audit query issued against the corporation over alleged illegal withdrawals from the Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas Limited’s Dividends Account, totalling of $20.30bn. The Chairman of… November 9, 2020 In "Politics" (Sundiata Post) -- The Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) on Wednesday said it had no evidence to show that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation remitted the $15.8 billion dividend it received from the Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas company to the Federation Account. In a bid to explain the facts and… June 15, 2017 In "Business" Abuja  -  The Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC) said on Monday that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) was yet to remit N4.9 trillion into the Federation Account. A statement from the commission’s Head of Public Communications, Mr Ibrahim Mohammed, said that its records showed that the NNPC… March 22, 2016 In "Business"