Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Bandits who kidnapped six Assistant Superintendents of Police in Katsina State for over one week are demanding N100m ransom for their release.The abducted ASPs were among the nine who were just promoted to their current rank. They were attached to the Mobile Police Squadron 6, Maiduguri, Borno State. Findings on Wednesday, November 18, indicated that the ASPs were demobilised from the riot unit and eight of them were on their way to the Zamfara State Police Command on transfer when they were ambushed in the Dogondaji area of Katsina State and taken into the forest, Punch reports.While being led away, two of them escaped and one of them was shot in the leg but survived. He found himself at a village and the villagers took him to a police station and he was taken to a hospital.The other six officers are still with the bandits who are demanding N100m ransom.The families of the missing police officers were anxious about the safety of their breadwinners following the N100m ransom demanded by the bandits, Punch reports, adding that the families were attempting to raise N3m for the release of the captives or N500,000 each. By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The Katsina State Police Command says it has succeeded in killing six kidnappers and rescued 18 passengers including 13 prospective corps members abducted on their way to NYSC orientation camp in Zamfara. The Commissioner of Police, Mr Sanusi Buba, said those rescued were kidnapped along… March 12, 2020 In "News" Unknown gunmen, on Sunday, abducted a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party in Benue State, Ben Akile. The abductors, who have opened contact with the wife of the chieftain, were said to have demanded N50m ransom. The state Publicity Secretary of the party, Bemgba Ioryyom, who confirmed the abduction of… September 24, 2019 In "News" *As Five Female Farmers Were Rescued From Kidnappers Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Suspected kidnapped engaged a team of policemen in a gun battle in their bid to escape with six abducted farmers, all women, in farmland at Mata-Mulki village of Batsari Local Government Area of Katsina State. The abductees rescued… January 2, 2020 In "Top Stories"