Rochas Okorocha, the Senator representing Imo West Senatorial district and former governor of Imo State has hinted on contesting in the 2023 presidential election.  The former Governor who spoke as he received a group called Igbos for Rochas 2023 President, led by Jeff Nwaoha from the five states of the Southeast zone, stated that it is time for the Igbos to produce the next president of Nigeria. Okorocha noted that all regions have produced a president asides the South-East. He said; “I am happy because you find me worthy. I am happy because you have made huge sacrifices driving through the long distance to meet with me on Nigeria’s presidency. I have read in between lines of your submission. That you want a Nigerian presidency of Igbo extraction and you have found me worthy for this position. I feel honoured and I am happy. “Let me salute you in the manner which you have conducted yourself in a more peaceful approach and this is commendable. “It is true that Igbo are highly misunderstood but allow me to say that Igbo are the most peaceful Nigerians and wherever you find them they are building bridges of peace and economic development. The Igbos are the only people that have invested more outside than what they had invested in their own land. “Igbo people alone cannot make the president of Nigeria. We need the support of other regions of this country to produce the president of Nigeria. We need the Hausa, Yoruba and other regions to be able to produce the presidency. “For me, I have run for this office of the presidency using different political parties and up to three times now, I have run for the office of the presidency under the ANPP, and the second time under PDP, the third time in APC, and now If I must run it is for the unity of Nigeria. If I must run, it must be for the empowerment of the youths of Nigeria, and if I must run for the presidency, it will be to make this nation compete with other greater nations of the world economically. “The North has produced a president, the West has produced the president and the South-south has also produced a president of this country and we have seen all they have done. It is time for Igbo to produce a president and let us see how the Igbo will change this country.”  Source By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - Former Imo Action Alliance (AA) governorship candidate, Mr Uche Nwosu, has expressed optimism that achievements of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration were obvious to earn the All Progressives Congress (APC) continuity in power by 2023. Nwosu, who recently returned to the APC along with his supporters,… January 9, 2020 In "Politics" Imo State Governor, Rochas Okorocha, on Thursday lamented that the Igbo might lose the chance of producing the next Senate President, except the All Progressives Congress (APC) senatorial candidates, regain their mandates that was stolen by the leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The state governor blamed Igbo leaders… April 3, 2015 In "News" A political association, Igbo for President Solidarity Group, has suggested 11 politicians from the South-Eastern states that are “qualified to be presented as presidential candidates in 2023 general elections”. The president of the association, Dr. Olukayode Oshiariyo, announced the names after the meeting of the congress in Abuja on Friday,… August 29, 2020 In "Top Stories"