Josephine Okereke, the wife of the newspaper vendor shot and killed by a Department of State Services operative attached to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has disowned her husband’s family over their demand for N500m compensation.  Josephine spoke at a press conference in Abuja on Thursday. The family of Ifeanyichukwu Okereke had written to Gbajabiamila, demanding N500m. Lawyer to the family, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN), in a letter dated November 23, 2020, said he was given the mandate to write the letter by the father of the deceased, Okorie Okereke; and the younger brother to the deceased, Destiny Okereke. The DSS had last week arrested the operative, Abdullahi Hassan, who shot Okereke while Gbajabiamila had also visited the family of the deceased and promised to ensure that they do not suffer. However, the family demanded more, adding that nothing could bring the dead vendor back to life. The widow, however, said she was not aware of the pre-litigation process, urging the Speaker to ignore the family fulfil his promises to her and her two children. Details later…  Source The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, on Sunday met with newspapers distributors and vendors in Abuja over the Thursday killing of one of them, Ifeanyi Okereke, by an operative of the Department of State Services attached to his convoy. This is just as one of his colleagues,… November 23, 2020 In "News" The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has described the killing of a newspaper vendor in Abuja by one of the security details as horrible, saying he is distraught by the incident. Gbajabiamila, in a statement he personally signed and issued in the early hours of Friday, said… November 20, 2020 In "News" Following the death of Ifeanyi Okereke, his sister has been reduced to tears. Recall that the Abuja vendor was killed by a security aide to the House of Reps speaker Femi Gbajabiamila. In a video shared by the BBC, the late vendors sister can be seen lamenting his death, as… November 20, 2020 In "News"