After showing off the house she built for her mother, Nigerian superstar comedienne, Emmanuella Samuel, has shared the story behind it.  Recall that social media went agog last week Saturday, after the young girl shared photos of the house she built for her mother. She said she built her mother a house for all the encouragement she gave her. As people praised her, some pointed out that she could have equally gotten her dad a similar gift as he also deserve praises. Emmanuella has now addressed those reactions in an interactive session on a PUNCH Facebook Live Interview as she explained that the house belongs to both her parents. According to her, since both parents are married, a gift for her mom is for everyone which includes her dad. She explained; “I wanted to buy another car for my dad but Uncle Mark now told me to save more money and build the house that I promised my mom. So, I talked with my manager and they built the house and furnished it. See the house now, is it not fine? “If it is for my mom, it is for everybody; it’s for my dad too. My dad is married to my mom. After all, they are living together.” “Everything is God’s grace. I never ‘experrit’. When God wants to use you, He will use you at the right time,”   Popular comedienne, Emanuella Samuel, says the early Christmas house gift to her mother also belongs to her father. Social media has been abuzz since the 10-year-old comedienne announced last week that she built her mother a house. “I built this for you mom. For all the prayers; all the encouragement… November 16, 2020 In "News" Popular comedienne, Emanuella Samuel, has given her mother an early Christmas gift. She took to her official Instagram account to announce to her 471,000 followers that she built her mother a house. “I built this for you mom. For all the prayers; all the encouragement and support. Mummy, I know… November 14, 2020 In "News" Many Nigerians yesterday was thrown into mourning when it was announced that one of the much loved radio presenter Emmauella Pobeni Adepolu lost her life after a brief illness. The news of her death was confirmed by TVC Communications owners of TVC and Max FM yesterday afternoon. It is indeed… July 25, 2020 In "News"