The Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria (FRCN), Kaduna earlier today hosted the Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Danbatta, where he a wide range of issues affecting the telecommunications industry. Appearing on “Hannu da yawa”, a popular programme on Radio Nigeria Kaduna, broadcast in Hausa language and which has hosted governors, ministers and top government officials in the country, Danbatta discussed various telecoms issues bordering on connectivity and consumer protection in the telecom industry. Anchored by the duo of Yusuf Zain Dogara and Abba Bashir, Danbatta extensively discussed various milestones already recorded under his leadership in the last five years through diligent implementation of the NCC’s Strategic Vision Plan (SVP) driven by the 8-Point Agenda which has ensured more service availability, accessibility and affordability to Nigerians. Danbatta also answered questions on a wide range of issues affecting telecoms industry, especially those bordering on consumer-related issues. He eloquently provided answers to various questions asked from by the anchors and those received directly through phone-in by listening consumers, who took advantage of the EVC’s featuring on the radios programme to clarify issues bordering them and raise concerns telecommunications services provided to them by their respective networks. The EVC used the opportunity to informed the consumers on NCC’s consumer-centric initiatives such as the NCC’s toll-free Number 622, the Do-Not-Disturb (DND) 2442 Short Code, the 112 Emergency Communications Number among others and educated them on how these facilities scan be used to protect them from unwholesome practices by the networks. He re-emphasised the NCC’s commitment to creating a more competitive telecom market to achieve increased connectivity among Nigerians as well and strengthening initiatives at protecting the over 205 million telecoms consumers in the country. END. By Jessica Dogo Abuja - The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) said it recorded 271,112 complaints from Jan. 2015 till July 2019 from which 95 per cent has been successfully resolved. The Executive Vice Chairman (EVC) of the Commission, Prof. Umar Danbatta revealed this on Tuesday at the opening of the… August 21, 2019 In "News" Prof Umar Danbatta, EVC of NCC By Sani Abdulrahman Kaduna - The Nigeria Communications Commission (NCC), on Friday pledged to tackle cyber crimes and e-fraud through enlightenments and protection of consumers for the betterment of the nation’s economy. The Executive Vice Chairman of the NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta, made the… March 6, 2020 In "News" A News Analysis by Constance Imasuen, News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) In today’s world, Information Communications Technology (ICT) has taken the front burner in the formulation of government policies because of its importance to the growth and development of the economies of nations. However, educating telecom consumers is important as… December 31, 2018 In "Features"