According to the Guide to Charges by Banks, other financial and non-financial institutions published by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the charge will only apply to transactions that fail due to the account being unfunded.  Customers will be required to pay either one percent of the amount or N5,000 (whichever is higher) as the penal charge. Direct debit is an arrangement made with a bank that allows a third party to transfer money from a person’s account on agreed dates.  Stanbic IBTC notified customers of the penal charge through email on Thursday. “In line with the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) Guide to Charges, a failed direct debit transaction resulting from an unfunded account is liable to a charge of 1% of the transaction amount or N5,000 – the higher amount is applicable,” the email read. “While this penal charge is only applicable if a customer’s account is insufficiently funded at the time of the transaction, the qualifying amount shall be debited to customers account once it is funded. “We, therefore, wish to advise that you ensure your account is adequately funded at all times to facilitate a successful transaction, especially if you activate any form of direct debit instruction on your account.” A screenshot from the CBN guide Some customers are already questioning the directive on social media. I still haven’t gotten an answer for this. @StanbicIBTC what do you mean by this mail? https://t.co/0q1gmxaJyG What exactly is direct debit sef? It confuses me Good morning @StanbicIBTC Did you really send an email to your customers charging them for failed transactions?Reports say you're imposing a penalty of one percent of the amount being transferred.Please confirm. Thank you. "The penal charge is ONLY APPLICABLE IF THE CUSTOMER'S ACCOUNT IS INSUFFICIENTLY FUNDED at the time of the transaction". pic.twitter.com/c5tkjTorIc   THE volume of electronic payment transactions through Point of Sale (PoS) terminals dropped by 4.83 billion in one month. It dipped from 46.13 billion deals in December 2019 to 41.3 billion in January, according to the Nigerian Interbank Settlement System (NIBSS) report. The PoS transaction drop in cash value is… March 9, 2020 In "News" LAGOS - The Consumer Advocacy Foundation of Nigeria (CAFON) has called on Nigerians from all walks of life to shun all banking transactions on March 1 to protest excessive charges by financial institutions in the country. Mrs. Sola Salako, President, CAFON, noted that the era of arbitrary charges by the… February 29, 2016 In "News" By Racheal Ishaya April 8 -   The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), said any bank that deducts monies illegally from a customer’s account for products and services would be forced to refund the money to the customer with interest. Mr Fada David, Consumer Complaints Management, Consumer Protection Department, CBN,… May 8, 2018 In "Business"