About 1,000 ex-workers of the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc have issued a two-week ultimatum to the Bureau of Public Enterprises over the continued delay in addressing issues affecting the payment of their N1.3bn severance package. Speaking at a press conference in Lagos on Friday, human rights activist and counsel to the ex-workers, Mr Joe Nwokedi, said many of the ex-workers had died of health-related challenges in recent months even as BPE continue to delay the payment of their life-time entitlements. Nwokedi, who is the Principal Partner, Interveners and Joe Nwokedi Solicitors, said the firm was forced to take over the case of the Ex-NAHCO Workers Forum against the BPE as he could not imagine how Nigerians who had laboured to serve their organisation for many years could be made to face delays in getting their hard-earned entitlements. According to Nwokedi, the forum will be proceeding to court to press the case, if the BPE fails to respond to a letter demanding details of payments to be made to the EX-NAHCO workers numbering about 1,000. The human rights activist noted that since October 7, 2020 when his firm wrote the BPE on behalf of the ex-workers demanding details of the payment and how it would be paid, the agency had yet responded. The continued delay, according to him, showed the BPE had many things to hide regarding the N1.3bn severance package. Source By Mohammed Ahmed KaigamaBauchi. -. Not Less than 48,000 disengaged staff of Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN) have engaged the services of law firm to press home their retiring benefits from the Bureau for Public Enterprise (BPE). Malam Hassan Gar, the National Chairman of the ex-PHCN workers, told newsmen… June 9, 2019 In "News" ABUJA - Former staff of the defunct Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN ) on Thursday disrupted business activities at the Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE) for hours, demanding payment of their severance package. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that the protesters, who besieged the agency as early as… May 21, 2015 In "News" Abuja- The Minister of Power, Prof. Chinedu Nebo, on Wednesday said Government had raised a validation list to pay for Pension Fund Administration (PFAs) and severance entitlements for 1,669 workers of the defunct PHCN. Nebo, represented by his Chief of Staff, Prof. Chidi Onyia, made the disclosure at an interactive… January 21, 2015 In "Business"