Hon. Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chairman/CEO, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM) has rejoiced with another Nigerian-American, Esther Agbaje who becomes the first Nigerian-American in the Minnesota Legislature. In the congratulatory message, the NIDCOM boss was excited that more Nigerians are showing their interest in impacting good governance in their countries of residence.  She said the election of Ms. Esther Agbaje in the Minnesota House of Representatives is a testimony that Nigerians are capable of being trusted with the position of authority.  As a three-term lawmaker in the House of Representatives (2003 to 2015), Dabiri Erewa wishes her continued and unparalleled success Ms Esther Agbaje, 35, who contested to represent District 59B in the Minnesota House of Representatives on the platform of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, an affiliate of the US Democratic Party, is a Nigerian-born American. Agbaje’s victory makes her the first Nigerian-American in the Minnesota legislature. It is expected that more Nigerians will win their polls in the ongoing national elections in the US. Channels TV Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  No fewer than nine Nigerians are on the ballot in Tuesday’s general elections in the United States. Running mostly on the platform of the Democratic Party, the candidates are bidding for different offices at the federal, state and local levels. Besides the presidential election, governorship polls… November 2, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Esther Adeniji The Chairman Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has denied a report accusing some foreign airlines of running drug cartels in the country. Dabiri- Erewa said in a statement through  her Media Aide,  Mr Abdur-Rahman Balogun on Thursday in Abuja that the report was not… May 24, 2019 In "News" By: Temitope Ponle Abuja - Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chief Executive Officer, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM). has urged the National Assembly to enact a bill that would enable Nigerians in diaspora to vote in whatever country they reside. Dabiri-Erewa said this when she appeared before the House of Representatives committee… October 29, 2019 In "News"