Presidential Spokesman, Femi Adesina during a recent interview on with Attah Ikideh, has disclosed that President Buhari tried severally to settle the rift between All Progressives Congress national chairman, Adams Oshiomole and Edo State, Godwin Obaseki but failed. The revelation is coming after Obaseki announced his decision to leave the APC on Tuesday shortly after meeting President Muhammadu Buhari. Shedding light on the issue, Adesina said: “One thing about the president is that he likes to be fair to everybody,” “So those who are complaining he has not done this, he has not done that, they don’t know what he has done.” “What he has done is to meet with the parties separately. And he has been doing this for more than a year since the crisis in Edo began. So, if the people are in entrenched positions and refuse to shift ground, what would the president do as a democrat? You allow the process to run its course.” He further disclosed that the President met with both men separately on more than one occasion, admonishing them to follow the party’s constitution. “What people expect the president to do is to legislate things, to order Obaseki ‘No, step down’ or order Oshiomhole ‘No, give him the ticket’. That is not democracy. When you begin to order and legislate things like that you would be unfair to one party,” he said. Recall that Obaseki was disqualified from contesting the Party’s gubernatorial primaries by a screening committee last week. He officially left the party today alongside his deputy, Philip Shuaibu. Source By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari will on Sunday depart for New York to participate in the 73rd Session of United Nations General Assembly (UNGA73) which officially opened on Sept. 18, presidential spokesman Femi Adesina has disclosed. The theme for this year’s Session is: “Making the… September 22, 2018 In "Top Stories" •Adams Oshiomhole Any good student of Nigerian politics can see the looming expulsion of the All Progressives Congress from the south-east and south-south geopolitical zones. Although it currently boasts one elected governor and a few lawmakers from the two zones, APC as a force may be smothered in both zones… July 21, 2019 In "Opinion" Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha, has drummed support for continuity of the All Progressives Congress, APC, leadership in Edo state. Aisha assured the candidate of the APC in the Edo State governorship election, Godwin Obaseki, of massive support from women in the state during the election in September. She… August 10, 2016 In "Politics"