KATSINA – Residents of Yantumaki in Dan-Musa local government area of Katsina State took to the streets on Tuesday to protest the spate of attacks and abduction by bandits in the area. The street protest came on the heels of the latest incident in the early hours of Tuesday when hoodlums stormed the house of one Alhaji Mansir Yusuf and abducted him along with one of his daughters at Yantumaki. The victims are neighbours of the late District Head of Yantumaki, Alhaji Abu Atiku, who was killed about a week ago when bandits attacked his residence on May 31st. The protest disrupted vehicular and human traffic in the area for several hours as the aggrieved residents made bonfires on the streets and chanted anti-government slogans. The Police Public Relations Officer at the Katsina State Police Command, SP Gambo Isah, confirmed the report noting that, “the Commissioner of Police has detailed the Area Commander at Dutsinma to relocate to Yantumaki as more senior officers are being deployed to the area to take care of the situation. ‘We are monitoring the situation and our men are firmly on the ground controlling the situation to ensure that the protesters do not take the law into their hands as miscreants can take over the situation and start looting or burning property. ‘The Command and indeed other security agencies are not leaving any stone unturned to ensure those responsible for the two recent crimes are brought to book,’ the police said. (Daily Sun) A former Nigerian lawmaker, Shehu Sani, has added his voice to issues following the burning of President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Aminu Masari’s billboard by angry youths in Katsina State. Recall that we reported that some angry residents of Yantumaki town in Danmusa Local Government Area of the state, mostly… June 10, 2020 In "News" According to a report by Punch Metro, some bandits have invaded Juji Community in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The heavily armed men, it was gathered, kidnapped the wife of a popular medical doctor, children as well as his security guards on Saturday morning. The gunmen reportedly attacked… January 25, 2020 In "News" More than 10 people were feared killed on Wednesday evening by bandits who attacked four communities in two local government areas of Katsina State. It was learnt that dozens of the armed bandits who rode on motorcycles stormed the communities in Danmusa and Kankara council areas to commit the crime.… July 5, 2019 In "News"