London  –  Arsenal Manager Mikel Arteta says David Luiz is a key role model, and hopes the Brazilian defender will extend his contract at the Premier League club beyond this season. Luiz joined Arsenal from London rival, Chelsea, in August, with British media reporting he had joined on a two-year deal but his agent told Sky Sports last week that the 33-year-old had only signed for one year. “I’m really happy with David, I want to keep him here with us. He’s been a key role model since I joined,” Arteta said at a news conference ahead of Wednesday’s game against Manchester City as the league resumes following the COVID-19 disruption. “I like what he produces on the pitch, I like his influence around the players and the club; I would love to keep him.” Arteta also said the side needed improvement but was unsure about his options in the transfer market due to the financial impact of the novel coronavirus outbreak. “The plans I had were not considering the coronavirus and all the side effects,” Arteta added.“ We know what we need to improve the team, that is for sure. Whether we are going to be able to do it the way we want is a different story.” Arsenal are ninth with 40 points from 28 matches. (NAN) Manchester   -     Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola said he would understand if assistant coach Mikel Arteta was lured to Arsenal to become their next manager. But he hopes the Spaniard remains at the Premier League champions to finish what they started. Guardiola’s assistant at City since 2016,… May 14, 2018 In "Sports" London - Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta kept his transfer cards close to his chest on Monday, saying the club was not close to signing new players in the January transfer window. The north London side has been linked with Paris St-Germain (PSG) left-back Layvin Kurzawa in the past week. But… January 20, 2020 In "Sports" Doha - Spaniard Mikel Arteta, in talks to be the next Arsenal coach, has “no experience” as a manager and will need help, former Gunners manager Arsene Wenger said on Wednesday. Former Arsenal captain Arteta, assistant to Pep Guardiola at Manchester City, is the leading candidate to succeed Unai Emery… December 20, 2019 In "Sports"