Uyo –   The Police Command in Akwa Ibom says it arrested a community leader, a pastor and three others for alleged defilement and rape in the state. The command Spokesman, CSP Nnudam Fredrick, said in a statement in Uyo, on Tuesday, that the community leader in Ikot Inyang in Ibesikpo Asutan Local Government Area (LGA) of the state for allegedly defiling an 11-year-old girl. Fredrick said that the community leader, 60, bought bean-cake (akara) from the 11-year-old and asked her to follow him to his room in order to take her money. “On reaching the room, the suspect grabbed the victim and forcefully raped her,” he stated. He said that the command, following intelligence report, also arrested one pastor in one of the churches in Ntak Inyang in Etim Ekpo LGA for allegedly defiling an eight-year-old girl. Fredrick said the girl was sent by her guardian to deliver a tin of milk to the pastor when the pastor allegedly committed the illicit act. Within the same period, he said the command also arrested three other persons (names withheld) for alleged defilement and rape. “The other three suspects conspired and lured a 26-year-old lady to their house and unlawfully assaulted her with fist blows and machete and in the process raped the victim,’’ he stated. Fredrick said that all suspects would be arraigned in court on completion of investigations. He reassured the people of the state that the command would tackle the issue of rape, gender-based violence and other crimes by ensuring the perpetrators do not escape justice. (NAN) Abakaliki  -   The Ebonyi Police Command has confirmed the arrest of a Pastor, David Ibe, for allegedly raping Miss Nnenaya Okute, a member of his congregation. Mr George Okafor, the Command’s Public Relations Officer confirmed the arrest to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abakaliki. He… March 7, 2016 In "Metro" Anambra State - Anambra State police command has paraded the General Overseer of Mount Zion Ministries, in Obosi, Anambra State, Evangelist Chukwudi Chukwumezie, also known as Agudo Jesus, for defiling a minor.Chukwumezie, who was confirmed by witnesses to have been involved in previous cases of rape, involving minors, was said… December 5, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A 30-year-old banker, Chidi Agu, has been accused of drugging and impregnating a 13-year-old orphan in SSS Quarters, Jikwoyi, Abuja.   Agu was alleged to have taken advantage of the victim while his in-law, a pastor, whom the victim served as a maid, travelled out… April 4, 2018 In "Metro"