By Joy Akinsanya Abeokuta –   An Abeokuta Magistrates’ Court in Ogun on Wednesday sentenced a 21-year-old man, Musa Anifowose, to two years in the correctional centre for raping an eight-year-old girl. Anifowose, who resides at No. 2, Isale Iyemule, Ijebu Ode, was sentenced on a one-count charge of sexual abuse. The Magistrate, I.O Abudu, said that all the evidences tendered in court had convinced the court beyond a reasonable doubt that the convict was guilty of the offence. She sentenced Anifowose to two-year imprisonment without option of fine The magistrate also ordered that the convict be taken to the Oba correctional center to serve his jail term. Earlier, the Prosecutor, Insp Bukola Abolade, told the court that the convict committed the offence on May 1 at about 9:00 am, at No. 6, Agbaje Street, Sabo area of Ijebu-Ode. Abolade said that the convict had carnal knowledge of the girl when she was sent on an errand by her mother. She said that the convict accosted the girl and forcefully took her to an abandoned building beside Sabo abattoir and had carnal knowledge of her. “When she got home, the mother noticed bloodstains on her cloth and upon inquiry, she told her mother what happened between her and the convict,” she said. According to the prosecutor, the offence contravenes Section 33 of the Child Rights Law of Ogun. (NAN) Ogun State - A 26-year old, Michael Kudowo, who abducted four under aged boys for several months, has told the Court that he kept them for his sexual satisfaction because he only enjoys s*x with young boys. An Ota Magistrates Court in Ogun State on Thursday sentenced the homosexual, Kudowo,… December 20, 2019 In "Metro" By Adebisi Fatima Shittu   Ibadan    -     An Iyaganku Magistrates’ Court in Ibadan on Tuesday sentenced one 50-year-old Isiaka Ayegbusi to two months’ imprisonment for stealing 15 goats. Magistrate Adebukola Durowoju convicted and sentenced Ayegbusi following his guilty plea and based on the facts of the case. Durowoju sentenced Ayegbusi… January 15, 2019 In "Metro" By Zainab Oyekan Jos -  A Plateau Upper Area Court sitting in Kasuwan Nama, Jos on Monday sentenced a 57-year-old man, Abdullahi Yusuf, to two years imprisonment for raping a nine-year-old girl. The judge, Mr Mohammed Yahaya, handed down the sentence after Yusuf pleaded guilty to the crime and begged… July 17, 2017 In "Metro"