Biafra Internal Government (BIG) has refuted report alleging that the founder and leader of Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) otherwise called Biafra Independent Movement (BIM), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike had collapsed MASSOB structure to Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). Chief Minister of the group, Anambra North zone, Elder Dennis Nworah who stated this Saturday in Onitsha, Anambra state, in company of Justice Minister, Damian Nzekwe and other executives, described the report as false, unfounded and figment of the imagination of enemies of MASSOB-BIM. He said IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu was Uwazuruike’s boy who was sacked alongside others over their violent disposition in the struggle to actualize a sovereign state of Biafra. He said, “Recall that Nnamdi Kanu and others were trained by Uwazuruike and because they were anti MASSOB they were sacked and Nnamdi Kanu went and founded IPOB. “Therefore it is IPOB that will collapse its structure to join the main stream, its master, and not master joining apprentice/servant.” Nworah maintained that MASSOB-BIM remained a non violence organization struggling to actualize a Biafran state following marginalization of the Igbo nation in a country they were part and parcel of. The group further denied knowledge of receipt/ticket with the inscription, ‘Freedom Fighters’ being issued to transporters, including tricycle operators on behalf of MASSOB-BIM, warning that peddlers of such fake documents would be made to face the wrath of the law if caught. It also urged the public to ignore such documents and report perpetrators to them or any nearest police station for necessary action. “We can not allow such miscreants to drag the image of MASSOB-BIM to the mud, we need to deal with them. We have only one MASSOB-BIM in the whole world and as such anyone saying we are two says or does so at his own risk” the group warned. The Nation By Leo Okachie Umuahia -  Forty-seven arrested members of the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra/Biafra’s Independent Movement (MASSOB/BIM) will be prosecuted for alleged impersonation, the Commissioner of Police in Abia, Mr Anthony Ogbizi, has said. Ogbizi said this on Wednesday while briefing newsmen in Umuahia… May 23, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa   Owerri   -       Mr Ralph Uwazuruike, has faulted the leadership of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) for the ordeal of the wife of late Chukwuemeka Ojukwu Mrs Bianca Ojukwu in the party. Uwazuruike, the leader of Movement for the Actualization of the… October 2, 2018 In "News" Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu says he has no plans to be the President of the Republic of Biafra when it is actualized. Kanu, who was recently granted bail by Justice Binta Nyako-led Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, made the disclosure while speaking with… May 15, 2017 In "News"