By Monday Ajogun Benin  –  Mr Tony Aziegbemi, State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Edo, on Friday lauded Gov. Godwin Obaseki for the renovation of Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium. Aziegbemi gave the commendation shortly after inspecting the stadium for the PDP gubernatorial primaries scheduled for June 19, and June 20, in Benin. According to him, you won’t believe that this is the Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium of the past. “The PDP wants to thank him for turning the stadium around; the stadium can be compared to any other stadium in the world. “We also express the PDP immense gratitude to Gov. Godwin Obaseki for approving this newly renovated magnificent stadium as the venue of our primaries. “We will go ahead with our preparations. “We are just about 2,100 delegates, and the stadium has the capacity for 15,000 people.“So, you can see that we are going to maintain social/physical distancing among us to make sure that we maintain the COVID-19 protocols,” he said. The chairman urged all the delegates to be peaceful and law-abiding during the primaries. (NAN) Benin -  The 740 delegates at Monday’s governorship primaries in Edo have been advised to leave the venue of the exercise after voting. Chairman of the primaries committee, Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi, gave the advice at the commencement of voting in the primaries taking at the Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium,… June 20, 2016 In "Politics" By Kevin Okunzuwa The forthcoming National Sports Festival (NSF), tagged ‘Edo 2020,’ to hold in Benin City, the capital of Edo, from March 22 to April 1,will be the 20th edition in the series. Edo secured the hosting right at the 19th edition in 2018, held in Abuja. There were… March 2, 2020 In "Sports" A leading governorship aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has described as illogical, the argument put forward by Governor Godwin Obaseki to support his preference for indirect mode of governorship primary election on June 22. He insisted that the direct… June 9, 2020 In "Politics"