ONNE, Rivers State – There was panic in Onne, Eleme Local Government Area, Rivers State, following the death of a manager of a new generation bank from health complications caused by coronavirus. It was gathered the development compelled the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to seal the bank branch and commence testing of all employees for COVID-19. Sources said the testing conducted by NCDC showed that most of the employees, including the gateman tested positive for COVID-19. A source, who spoke in confidence, said the employees, who tested positive, were moved to the isolation centre for observation and treatments. Governor Nyesom Wike had raised the alarm over lackadaisical attitude of banks and supermarkets, over the issues of maintaining coronavirus preventive rules. He said operators of banks and supermarkets were allowing customers into their premises without mandating them to observe the safety rules. He particularly lamented that customers were going into such premises without wearing their face masks and threatened to seal them off. Rivers has been recording high cases of the virus as the NCDC confirming highest infection rate of 103 positive cases on Tuesday. (The Nation) The family of Chief Imam of Kabba, Sheikh Ahmad Abubakar Ejibunu, has confirmed he died of coronavirus, The Nation reports. Kogi State Government and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have been at loggerheads over COVID-19 cases in Kogi. While NCDC insisted two cases were confirmed, the Government insisted… May 30, 2020 In "News" Rivers State Government has warned the owner of the demolished Prodest Hotel, Promise Gogorobari, against blackmailing the state Governor, Nyesom Wike, following his recent claims that the government was planning to kill his hotel Manager, Job Azoroh. The government in a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and Communications,… May 27, 2020 In "News" The crisis rocking the demolition of Prodest Hotel took a twist on Monday following a disagreement between the Rivers State Government and owner of the hotel, Promise Gogorobari, over the COVID-19 status of the hotel manager. The government, in a statement by the Commissioner for Information and Communications, Paulinus Nsirim,… May 25, 2020 In "News"