ABUJA (SundiataPost) – President Muhammadu Buhari has backed Victor Giadom, deputy national secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), as the acting national chairman. Garba Shehu, spokesman of the president, disclosed this to state house correspondents on Wednesday. Shehu said Buhari will attend the national executive committee (NEC) meeting of the APC which Giadom fixed for Thursday. “The President has received very convincing advice on the position of the law as far as the situation in the party is concerned and has determined that the law is on the side of Victor Giadom as Acting National Chairman. Because he will always act in accordance with the law, the President will be attending the virtual meeting Giadom called for tomorrow afternoon,” he said. “We urge the media to stop promoting manufactured controversies and to not give any further room for mischievous interpretations of the law on this matter. “In addition to the President, the Giadom meeting will, hopefully, be attended by our Governors and the leaders of the National Assembly.” See Garba Shehu’s tweet below: The APC has been embroiled in a leadership crisis following an appeal court order that upheld the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole as the party’s national chairman. While Abiola Ajimobi, former Oyo governor, was named acting chairman, Giadom said he had taken over the leadership of the party. Members of the national working committee (NWC) loyal to the former Oyo later announced that Eta Hilliard, vice-chairman south-south, would act on behalf of Ajimobi “who is unavoidably absent”. Ajimobi who is the APC deputy chairman (south) is reportedly battling a health challenge. But Eta had described Gaidom as an imposter. While citing court orders, the vice-chairman said Giadom is no longer a member of the NWC and an APC member. Eta spoke when he received the report of Edo governorship primary election at the party’s national secretariat in Abuja on Wednesday night. “The membership of Victor Giadom has been suspended by a competent court of jurisdiction in Port Harcourt this afternoon. Not only is he no longer a member of the NWC and today his membership has been suspended,” he said while responding to questions from journalists on Giadom’s letter. “It is not right for you to see 15 distinguished members of the NWC and two met with us virtually, and still call us a faction.” The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of All Progressives Congress (APC), Yekini Nabena has accused the self imposed acting National Chairman of the party, Victor Giadom of being an agent of fifth columnists who are poised to destabilise the party. He also called for the convocation of an emergency meeting of… June 20, 2020 In "Politics" •Rotimi Amaechi and Magnus Abe The leadership crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress worsened on Saturday with two factions of the APC in Rivers State clashing over the proposed replacement of the Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, Chief Victor Giadom, by Worgu Boms. The APC executive committee… June 21, 2020 In "Politics" The legal status of the anti-Oshiomole arrow head and the Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Victor Giadom, has been questioned The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr. Yekini Nabena, said Giadom lacks the legal right to the position he currently occupies having resigned… March 14, 2020 In "Politics"