BENIN – Killers of Vera Omozuwa, the 22-year-old student of microbiology of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), must be hunted down and brought to book, Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, ordered the police in the state, on Sunday. It is coming on the heels of an intensive manhunt for the killers of the young 100-level student, said to have been killed by her assailants after raping her in the church premises, where she had gone to read at night. She was reported to have died from the injury she sustained after the attack on May 27 when she went to the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) parish in Edo Province 10, Ikpoba Hill, Benin, to study. Tweeting on Sunday, Mr Obaseki assured that justice would be served. “I have ordered the Nigeria Police Force to thoroughly investigate the circumstances that led to the death of Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a 100-level student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN),” he wrote. “The Police have been mandated to identify, arrest and prosecute anyone found culpable in her death. The Violence Against Persons (VAP) Law is in effect in our state. “Using this law, we would ensure to investigate what exactly transpired and deal decisively with those found complicit in the dastardly act, whoever they might be. #JusticeForUwa.” (Whirlwindnews.com) According to SaharaReporters, a 22-year-old 100Level student of Microbiology at the University of Benin, Edo State, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, has been brutally raped and killed inside a church in the city while reading. The tragic incident, which happened three days ago, according to friends, saw her attackers smashing her head… May 31, 2020 In "Education" By Ruona Isikeh Benin - The Management of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), has decried the news of the rape and subsequent murder of one of its students, Miss Vera Omozuwa. The victim was a 100 level Microbiology student of the institution before her travail. Vice Chancellor of UNIBEN, Prof.… May 31, 2020 In "Education" A 300-Level Medical Laboratory student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Christabel has reportedly taken her own life in her hostel room at Newton Street, Ekosodin area of Benin City, after allegedly taking some deadly substance to end her life. The sad incident took place yesterday. It was gathered that… June 19, 2019 In "News"