The Confederation of African Football Executive Committee on Tuesday announced the postponement of the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. It said the competition will now hold in Cameroon in January 2022. The decision was reached after the committee met via video-conference to discuss the future of competitions and other related issues amid the COVID-19 pandemic. “After consultation with stakeholders and taking into consideration the current global situation, the tournament has been rescheduled for January 2022. “The date for the final tournament and the remaining matches of the qualifiers will be communicated in due course,” the football body said in a statement. CAF also rescheduled the finals of the African Nations Championship 2020, shifting it to January 2021 also in Cameroon. “The CAF Executive Committee is satisfied with t the Cameroonian authorities for their commitment towards the hosting of the two competitions. Cameroon is ready to host either competition and are within schedule,” CAF President, Ahmad Ahmad said. The statement reads “The Total CAF Champions League and Total CAF Confederation Cup, will resume in September with a Final Four (4) format. Semi-Final matches will be played in a single match. “Due to challenging conditions, the 2020 edition of the Women’s Africa Cup of Nations has been cancelled. “The 42nd CAF Ordinary General Assembly has been rescheduled for December 2020 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. “CAF has allocated an additional USD 16.2 Million to assist Member Associations to mitigate challenges as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Each Member Associations will be entitled to USD 300,000.” The Nation Abuja - The Confederation of African Football (CAF) has picked Monday, Sept. 14 as date for the draw of the second Africa U-23 Cup of Nations in Senegal. A statement on the website of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) stated the championship would hold in Dakar and M’Bour. The two… August 10, 2015 In "Sports" The 2019 Africa Cup of Nations starts today in Egypt. The spectacular biannual African football competition has always been known to be exciting, intriguing captivating and filled with surprises. However, this year’s promises to be no different. The 2019 African Cup of Nations will feature “24 countries” for the first… June 21, 2019 In "Sports" Former winners Zambia and hosts Equatorial Guinea will be among the top seeds in Wednesday's draw for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations. The Confederation of African Football divided the 16 teams for the 17 January to 8 February finals into four pots. Seedings were established by the teams' performances… December 2, 2014 In "Sports"