Mrs Queen Igbinevbo, the pregnant wife of Comrade Promise Igbinevbo has died after she was r*ped and murdered at home. Mrs Igbinevbo was alone at her home in Benin when her attackers gained entrance into the home through the ceiling. A source who spoke to LIB said the intruders had come in search of her husband, Comrade Promise Igbinevbo, who is a Governorship Campaign Coordinator. However, when they didn’t find him at home on May 20, 2020, they raped and murdered his wife. Mrs Queen, who is known as a very religious woman in her neighbourhood, was discovered by neighbours who were worried that they have not seen her in a while. A source said: “When we could not see Queen, I came to check if she was fine, because she lives alone, we met her naked, blood and foam was coming out of her mouth. There was semen all over her body. “We had to call her husband who is staying in another place.” The source who spoke to LIB said neighbours reported seeing strange men walking up and down the street just days before the tragic incident. The murder of Queen Igbinevbo sparked a demonstration in Benin. On Friday, June 5, protesters took to Edo State Police Command to demand justice for the deceased. The source who spoke to LIB said three people have been arrested in relation to Mrs Queen Igbinevbo’s brutal murder. Mrs Queen Igbinevbo, the pregnant wife of Comrade Promise Igbinevbo, has died after she was raped and murdered at home in Benin, Edo State. . . A source who spoke to LIB said the Intruders gained entrance into the home through the ceiling on May 20, 2020. They had come in search of her husband, the source added, but when they didn't find him, they attacked the wife. . . On Friday, June 5, protesters took to the Edo State Police Command to demand justice for the deceased. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jun 6, 2020 at 3:22pm PDT Source The world woke up penultimate Wednesday to the shocking story of a 23-year-old University of Benin undergraduate gang-raped and murdered by some heartless men who invaded the parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) in Benin City where she had gone to read. South-south Bureau Chief, BISI OLANIYI… June 6, 2020 In "News" Security operatives are on the trail of a man who impregnated his 13-year-old daughter in Abia.   A father has been barnished from his community after he r*ped and impregnated his 13-year-old daughter who was born out of incest with his cousin many years ago. The father, Ugochukwu Nwonwu, a native of… August 17, 2019 In "Metro" The Osogbo IRT team, led by CSP Akindele, dug deeper and discovered that the pastor was more than a Facebook friend –– Yemisi had called him severally on the day she allegedly left her home in Akure; he was in contact with her when she arrived in Benin City; also… December 2, 2019 In "Metro"