Oshawo Stephen (pictured with some executives of his ward), chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in ward 10, Etsako west local government of Edo state, says Adams Oshiomhole remains suspended as a member of the party. Seventeen out of 26 members of the executive committee had signed a resolution lifting suspension on Oshiomhole, who is from the ward. But in a statement on Saturday, Stephen rejected the action of those who signed the resolution, insisting that the suspension of Oshiomhole stands. Oshiomhole was suspended by the party in November amid the misunderstanding with Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo. “The suspension of comrade Adams Oshiomhole by the ward executives remains valid,” Stephen said in a statement. “We stand by our decision and have no reservation on the action as it is in the best interest of the party. The ward executives as well as our counterparts at the Etsako west local government level stand by the suspension of comrade Oshiomhole for his divisive role in the crisis rocking the APC in Edo state.” Also, Ezolomhe Rabiat, chairman of APC in Etsako west local government, said the suspension of Oshiomhole still subsists. TheCable The count down to the showdown has reached the stage of “to be or not to be” as the protracted battle between Governor Godwin Obaseki and the national chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, for the soul of Edo State intensifies. Governor Obaseki has vowed to take charge… January 8, 2020 In "Politics" By Monday Ajogun Auchi - The All Progressives Congress (APC) chairman in Etsako West Local Government of Edo, Mrs Rabiat Ezolomhe, on Friday said that she and her members still remain in the ruling party. Ezolomhe said while addressing newsmen in Auchi, that APC was their home and they will… June 20, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Godwin Obaseki-led All Progressives Congress government in Edo state has rejected Senator Ahmed Lawan-led national reconciliatory committee set up to resolve the crisis in the state. The State Government while rejecting the National Reconciliation Committee, noted that the committee was populated by… December 20, 2019 In "Top Stories"