By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus  Ilorin  –  The management of the Kwara State University (KWASU), Malete, has condoled with the family of one of its students, Fatima Abdullah, who allegedly committed suicide in Abuja on June 18. This is contained in a statement issued by AbdulRazaq Sanni, the Director, University Relations at the institution, on Sunday in Ilorin. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Fatima Abdullah, a 300 Level student in the Faculty of Law, allegedly committed suicide a few days back, at her home in Abuja. “KWASU Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Muhammed Akanbi, on behalf of the governing council, management, staff and students of the university, extended heartfelt condolences to her family. While sympathising with family over the sad loss, Akanbi enjoined parents and guardians to be sensitive to their children and wards’ unusual behaviours, especially when they notice withdrawal syndrome in their attitude. “We also encourage every student to explore all avenues in seeking solutions to inevitable difficulties of any dimensions rather than resorting to unsavoury acts. “We pray Almighty God to grant the family the fortitude to bear the painful loss,’’ the statement read in part. NAN reports that this is not the first time the institution recording suicide by members of its academic community. On Nov. 17, 2017, a lecturer in the Department of Crop Production, College of Agriculture of the university, Dr Solomon Osunlola, was also reported to have committed suicide. (NAN) By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal Ilorin - Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara, has visited the victims of the Minna-Lambatta road crash in which a teacher and a student of Kwara State University (KWASU) died. Thee Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, said the governor visited the KWASU lecturers, the students… November 28, 2019 In "News" By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin - Prof. Mohammed Akanbi, the new Vice-Chancellor, Kwara State University (KWASU) Malete, has reaffirmed his commitment to produce world class students that would shape the world, solve problems and generate employment. A statement from the institution’s Acting Director, University Relations, Mrs Hamidat Yusuf, quoted Akanbi making… May 6, 2020 In "Education" By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal   Ilorin    -         The Management of the University of Ilorin on Friday said that investigations by the institution, revealed that its student, late Mr. Adigun Emmanuel, committed suicide as an eventual culmination of drug addiction. The Director of Corporate Affairs of the… December 7, 2018 In "News"