Rome –   Relatives of COVID-19 victims in Bergamo, Italy’s most infected province, took legal action on Wednesday in search of justice for their dead. Members of the “Noi Denunceremo” (We will press charges) association, born out of a Facebook group, filed 50 individual criminal complaints before the Bergamo prosecutors’ office. “We are all from the Bergamo area and we all have similar stories, stories of family tragedies, and we are all seeking clear and serious answers from prosecutors,’’ Cristina Longhini told dpa. Longhini and other relatives were not pressing charges against specific individuals or institutions, nevertheless were convinced that many people died due to official negligence and incompetence. According to a lawyer for the group, many of the complaints cite authorities’ failure to seal off Alzano Lombardo and Nembro, two towns on the outskirts of Bergamo that were virus clusters in early March. They also mentioned the rushed reopening of the emergency room of Alzano Lombardo’s hospital, after the first COVID-19 cases were diagnosed there, citing it as having contributed to the epidemic. “It will be up to judicial authorities to assess the complaints, it won’t be a quick investigation given the sensitivity of the matter,’’ the lawyer, Consuelo Locati, was quoted as saying by ANSA news agency. Longhini lost her 65-year-old father in March. When he got sick, the family doctor refused to visit him at home, and ambulances were not available to take him to hospital for several days, while he was finally hospitalised, he was beyond saving. (dpa/NAN) Rome - Hospitals and care homes in the northern Italian region of Lombardy are facing mounting criticism of their management of the coronavirus crisis, with prosecutors investigating in several cases. The coronavirus appears to have spread uncontrollably in a number of care homes in Lombardy, the epicentre of Italy’s outbreak,… April 8, 2020 In "Foreign" ONITSHA - A human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (INTERSOCIETY) has alleged that corpses of Igbos who died as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in the North especially Kano are being smuggled in body bags into the South- East for burial.… May 8, 2020 In "News" Geneva - Red Cross workers in Italy’s virus-hit Lombardy region are extremely anguished, but they cannot get or give comfort because of strict hygienic precautions, Red Cross chief Francesco Rocca says. “Health workers are dealing with something unprecedented,’’ the president of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent… March 27, 2020 In "Foreign"