As the conversation on rape and sexual harassment against women continues, a Nigerian lawyer, Liborous Oshoma, has said that men cannot say they were raped because rape, as defined by the Nigerian law, is only when there is penetration and men cannot say a woman penetrated them. According to him, what men can say is that they were sexually assaulted an not raped. He said this when he appeared on TVC this morning. ”That is a big legal problem. The best it can be is assault because as defined in our law, it is penetration. The question is can a woman penetrate a man. That has been the debate whether a woman can rape a man and until the laws are amended to redifine what rape is, the best that can happen is that you say a woman assaulted the man sexually and that can’t be defined as rape” he said. Watch A Video Of Him Saying This Below; cannot be raped- Nigerian lawyer says. . . As the conversation on rape and sexual harassment against women continues, a Nigerian lawyer, Liborous Oshoma, has said that men cannot say they were raped because rape as defined by the Nigerian laws is only when there is penetration and men cannot say a woman penetrated them. . . According to him, what men can say is that they were sexually assaulted and not rape. He said this when he appeared on TVC this morning A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jun 4, 2020 at 3:09am PDT Source By Cecilia John, The prevalence of rape in the society and its attendant effects on victims has been a major concern in many countries of the world. Sociologists note that it is worrisome that rape victims find it difficult to speak out for fear of stigmatisation unlike other crimes where… September 3, 2015 In "News" By Katy Migiro NAIROBI - The schoolboy watched as a man tried to remove the nappy of a little girl he was dragging along a Nairobi riverbank, suspecting that he was going to rape her. Having been trained to defend girls against sexual assault, the boy called other young men… March 24, 2015 In "Foreign" By Cecilia John The prevalence of rape cases and its effect on victims has been a major global concern. Observers note that unlike other crimes that are reported willingly to relevant authorities for prosecutions, rape victims find it hard to report their cases for fear of stigmatisation. They express concern… November 5, 2014 In "News"