Suspected herdsmen have reportedly kidnapped nine passengers aboard a commercial bus along lsua highway in Akoko South East area of Ondo State. Consequently, the abductors have demanded N100m ransom from the families of the victims. The passengers according to reports were heading from Abuja to Lagos A family member of one of the victims, Bamidele Ojo, who confirmed to newsmen in Akure, said that the kidnappers have demanded the ransom before the victims would be released. The victims were said to be aboard a Toyota Sienna space bus when they were ambushed by the suspected Fulani herdsmen.They were reportedly marched into the forest by their abductors after their vehicle was stopped on the highway. Contacted, the state police spokesperson, Tee-Leo Ikoro, who confirmed the incident however said one of the victims has been rescued. Ikoro said efforts were on to ensure the release of other victims. He pointed out that the police detectives in the state were working with hunters, local vigilante, and other agencies to effect the release of the victims. (Vanguard) By BAMIGBOLA GBOLAGUNTE AKURE - Suspected kidnappers of the players of the Enyimba Football Club of Aba and Abia Comets Football Club of Umuahia have demanded N20 million ransom for the release of the duo. The two players, Dayo Ojo of Enyimba and Benjamin Iluyomade of Abia Comets, were kidnapped… March 24, 2020 In "Sports" AKURE - Mr. Adebayo Gbenga, an official of West African Examinations Council (WAEC) and three yet-to-be-identified persons have been reportedly kidnapped by gunmen at Oba-Akoko along Owo/Akungba-Akoko Road, Akoko South Local Government of Ondo State. Sources revealed that Mr. Adebayo was abducted while taking his son to Adekunle Ajasin University,… December 24, 2019 In "News" A woman, Mrs Olawumi Adeleye, and her stepson, Destiny Paul, have been abducted on the Airport Road, Osi, in the Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State. The victims were said to have been kidnapped by suspected herdsmen on their way from church on Sunday. According to a source,… June 11, 2019 In "News"