Pastor Chris Oyakhilome of the Christ Embassy church has taken a swipe at church leaders who approved the new guidelines for churches to open for worship after the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 lifted the ban on religious gatherings on Monday, June 1. Part of the modalities and guidelines is for churches to ensure they check the temperature of members before they enter the church, observe social distancing, have only one hour service, suspend taking of Holy communion, suspension of weekly activities amongst others. Oyakhilome while preaching on Saturday, June 6, slammed church leaders who appended their signatures to the document on the new modalities and guidelines. According to him, some church leaders have supported the continued lockdown on churches because of fear, greed, and jealousy. In his words: ”One of the reasons you still have lockdown of churches in several countries right now is not even the government. You will be amazed. It is church organizations that are keeping many churches locked up till now. The so called advisers of government. The government invited certain church leaders, consulting with them whether to open the churches or not to, they advised the government to keep the churches locked because of their own fear, greed and jealousy. These are there problems, nothing else. And they kept those churches locked. But their days are numbered. Believe me. That is what has happened in many countries. The government wants to open the churches and religious leaders, particularly church leaders have advised government to keep churches locked. I wonder. Are they taking after Jesus? Are they taking after the apostles? They are the ones sending out modalities for reopening to churches under shameful requirement. Church leaders are telling church members no communion, no physical touch and if anybody is going to lay hands on the sick, they have to wear a glove…Did it happen in the church of Jesus Christ? You would think such an instruction came from sinners for which we should laugh..but to know that some Christian leaders would append their signatures to such document and send to churches..it is another fiasco. But like I said, don’t be angry at them, I am not angry at them. It just tells you where they have been. It is cruel.” he said Watch the video below: Source Due to the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government has imposed a ban on religious gatherings, something that doesn’t go down well with Pastor Chris Oyakhilome. Chris Oyakhilome the founder and president of LoveWorld Incorporated, also known as Christ Embassy, has called out pastors who are in support of the church… May 5, 2020 In "News" The Presiding Bishop of Living Faith Church Worldwide, aka Winners’ Chapel International, David Oyedepo, has expressed concerns over government's decision to continue to close churches while allowing people to go to markets as coronavirus continues to ravage the country. Oyedepo, who spoke during the Covenant Hour of Prayer Programme on… May 7, 2020 In "News" By Nduka Orjinmo The auditoriums of Nigeria's mega churches are empty and their gates are shut as they are forced to observe a government ban on large gatherings to halt the spread of coronavirus. But it took not only threats, but force and arrests for the message to get across.… April 8, 2020 In "Features"