DaddyFreeze has taken to his Twitter handle to mock popular Nigerian doctor and Twitter Influencer, Dr. Olufunmilayo, who has been accused of sexual abuse by a Nigerian Female doctor residing in the United Kingdom. In the wake of the Hushpuppi saga, Olufunmilayo took to his Twitter handle to attack Freeze for ”fraternizing” with Hushpuppi and dining with him while he was in Dubai. While reacting to the sexual abuse allegation, DaddyFreeze called Dr Olufunmilayo a hypocrite. According to the OAP, Olufunmilayo dragged him over Hushpuppi despite having a ”cupboard full of skeletons”. “Bruv, Dr FUNMILAYO dragged me over Hushpuppi. Today Na him turn. He is a perfect definition of a hypocrite, Dragging Daddy Freeze while groaning under the burden of a cupboard full of skeletons. Trolls think dragging would erase their own pain. So Dr FUNMILAYO is even a man”. Freeze wrote on his Instagram page. He also prayed against Trolls in his caption; ”I pray that those who troll us get trolled back like Dr FUNMILAYO who is currently being dragged on Twitter. This year go rugged o.” he wrote. Source Controversial Media personality, Daddy Freeze, has come under attack following the arrest of Hushpuppi. A video on Thursday went viral on social media showing Daddy Freeze sometime in 2019 dining with Hushpuppi and his gang who are currently being charged for allegedly defrauding over 1.9 million victims to the tune… June 26, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" OAP, Daddy Freeze has taken to the scriptures to support his association with alleged fraudster, Hushpuppi. Recall that the media personality has been receiving serious slaps for ass-licking a man said to have defrauded millions of people of their hardearned money. He was also slapped for mocking unemployed Nigerians while… June 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" Sequel to Ynaija's earlier report that social critic, Ifedayo ‘DaddyFreeze’ Olarinde has allegedly been listed by Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo to be granted an interview as part of a series of plans set out with the aim of wresting control of the narrative around the COZA scandal, the #FreeTheSheeple Leader has… July 8, 2019 In "Metro"