 People are no longer afraid of President Buhari. His wife is not afraid or respectful of him. She is fighting his staff and they are fighting back.People are insulting her without fear of her husband. Yet silence. Strange to have gunshots in the seat of federal governance. Presidency is not a location for shooting target practice. A trained officer of the law discharged his weapons in trying to impose the will of Aisha Buhari on another man who simply disregarded her. Yet silence. Fight in APC. Obaseki frozen out, chairmen springing up from every cave like mushrooms. Oshiomole beaten like small boy, removed, katakata everywhere. Obaseki goes to meet Buhari but diverted to Chief of Staff. Obaseki is not a staff to Buhari. Obaseki leaves PDP, I mean APC. Heck they are the same. Yet silence. More killings by boko haram. Katsina State the home state of Buhari on fire with protests erupting everywhere. Killings of military officers and policemen by boko haram. Bandits taking over the north, kidnapping and killing people. Yet silence. Stale Service Chiefs way beyond their tenure. Despite being ineffective. Despite not enjoying the support of troops. Despite the low morale of troops. Despite affecting the career of other senior military officers, they are still in place. Watching everyday as their officers are killed and Nigerians are murdered by kidnappers, bandits, boko haram, etc. Yet silence. Something is wrong in Aso Rock. I don’t subscribe to conspiracy theories, but is Aisha hiding something from Nigerians? Something is off. I know for a fact that no man on earth can insult a Nigerian man’s wife and live to boast about it let alone still being employed by him. Who born you? But it happened in Aso Rock. Yet silence. Something is wrong. Very wrong somewhere. My hope for Nigeria is beginning to sag. We must not let Nigeria fail. Everybody is eating, nobody is talking in this government. It will all become clearer shortly. •Source: FacebookDr. Asukwo Mendie Archibong Esq.National Chairman NFD Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics" Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo state, says he is yet to join any political party. The governor announced the resignation of his membership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) after meeting with Ibrahim Gambari, chief of staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday. He said he would pursue his reelection… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders are fighting dirty in the bid to ensure their names are contained in the ministerial list despite the secrecy surrounding the compilation of the list of nominees for the cabinet of President Muhammadu Buhari, top notch of the All Progressives… July 1, 2019 In "Top Stories"