Browny Igboegwu and his wife, Becky just welcomed their first child after ten years of waiting, and the elated dad took to social media to talk about his ordeal during their wait time. Taking to his Instagram page, the movie star recounted how his wife and himself were mocked by many over their inability to have a baby. According to him, at some point, he was advised to get another wife or find a mistress and impregnate her. Read what he wrote below; “Get another wife time no dey, age is no longer on her side, find a girl and give belle at least time no dey ooo, Browny hmmmm you dey try for how long you go wait, oya adopt baby first as you dey wait, all these Asaba girls who knows what she has done that she can’t conceive, hmmmm is it by buying a new car?” he wrote. “Let him born naaa, you no go understand bc you never born, don’t worry when you born you will understand, I love this couple you will never know they don’t have a child, God help them even if it’s one, your children must be up to four now it’s been long you got married.” “All these and so many others were the words from people’s mouth, you can imagine how I felt all these while hearing all these from both people who feel my pain and those who mock me. I silently took it to God in prayer and today, my wife and I have reason to say thank you, lord. Congratulations @becky_browny.” Get another wife time no dey, age is no longer on her side, find a girl and give belle at least time no dey ooo, Browny hmmmm you dey try for how long you go wait, oya adopt baby first as you dey wait, all these Asaba girls who knows what she has done that she can’t conceive, hmmmm is it by buying new car? Let him born naaa, you no go understand bc you never born, don’t worry when you born you will understand, I love this couple you will never know they don’t have a child, God help them even if it’s one, your children must be up to four now it’s been long you got married. All these and so many others were the words from people’s mouth, you can imagine how I felt all these while hearing all these from both people who feel my pain and those who mock me. I silently took it to God in prayer and today, my wife and I have reason to say thank you lord. Congratulations @becky_browny A post shared by  Browny Igboegwu (@brownyigboegwu) on Jun 16, 2020 at 3:51pm PDT Source By Reuben Abati   “Ol’boy, man don see something oh.” “Wetin you see?” “My eyes don see something. My ears don hear, and my mouth sef, I for talk something join.” “Talk make I hear” “No be dis Tiwa Savage and him husband matter? The husband wey say him wife… May 1, 2016 In "Opinion" Nollywood actress, Onyii Alex has called for the thumbs-up for Igbo ladies, whom she claims are usually not in the habit of waiting for their men to cater for them, but would rather go out in the society to hustle to meet their individual needs. Speaking against the backdrop of… April 29, 2020 In "Entertainment" It was a marriage doomed from the beginning, and after 13 years, it culminated in a tragedy. Presently, the couple, who live in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, are gradually coming to terms with the fact that they have opened a Pandora’s box. It started with the husband’s deceit––hiding his… May 25, 2019 In "Relationship"