Stranded motorists during a protest against’deplorable’ state of Lekki-Epe expressway on Wednesday By Idris Olukoya Epe (Lagos State) –   Vehicular movement was distrupted for several hours on the Lekki-Epe Expressway on Wednesday as motorists protested the ‘deplorable’ condition of the highway. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the protesters blocked both sides of the busy highway around T-Junction, causing traffic gridlock which stretched for over 10 kilometres. NAN reports that the blockade, which began at about 6a.m. continued until early afternoon when the protesters dispersed. NAN reports that the heavy downpour did not deter the protesting motorists who also bocked the Epe-Ikorodu highway. The drivers used their cars to block the road, leaving road users stranded, while many trekked long distances to beat the gridlock. One of the protesters, Mr Tunde Jinadu, a commercial driver, told NAN that the failed sections of the expressway had resulted in high maintenance cost on their vehicles. “The bad road is making motorists spend more on maintenance. This protest is a warning signal for the government to fix the road as soon as possible. “We were happy when Hi-Tech Construction Company workers were sighted on the expressway, thinking work will begin anytime soon, but nothing was done,” he said. According to him, trucks are the major cause of the terrible condition of the road. “We are fed up with the neglect of this road by Lagos State Government,” he said. Another driver, Mr Sulaiman Lamidi, who was drenched by the morning rainpour, also expressed dissatisfaction with the “neglect oftof road for so long.” “I am a private transporter and I ply this road everyday. I take passengers from Lagos to Port Harcourt and I am happy this is happening. “If it will take us to also block Epe-Ijebu Ode expressway boundary, I am totally in support. “The government should wake up and come to the people’s rescue, “he said. NAN reports that policemen from Epe Division were on hand to ensure that the protesters were orderly. “As you can see, my men are at the scene of the protest to control and manage the situation,” Epe Divisional Police Officer (DPO), CSP Adekunle Tokosi, told NAN during the protest. (NAN) Lagos  -  The Lagos State House of Assembly on Monday passed a resolution urging Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode to direct relevant agencies to urgently carry out repairs on Lekki-Epe Expressway. The resolution followed a motion by Mr Fatai Mojeed (APC-Ibeju-Lekki I), who told the house that the highway was in a… November 2, 2015 In "News" By Femi Ogunshola Abuja - Following attack on Nigerians living in South Africa, the Nigerian Police on Wednesday beefed up security presence around Shoprite Lugbe, along the airport road Abuja. Shoprite is a South Africa retail company operating in Nigeria as well as other African Countries. The News Agency of… September 4, 2019 In "News" LAGOS - Some residents of Lagos on Friday called on the State Government to provide public toilets on the highways and other strategic locations in the metropolis, for the convenience of the people. Those who spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) identified such strategic locations and highways to… May 8, 2015 In "Top Stories"