Manchester United Player, Angel Gomes has broken his silence after an old video surfaced on social media in which he was seen receiving prayer of healing at TB Joshua’s Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN). In the now-viral video, which was shot in 2016, the talented attacking player identified himself as a 16-year-old whose parents are “huge fans” of the pastor. He also narrated how frequent injuries including hip, groin and ankle, hindered him from playing in times of important tournaments, matches, and breakthrough moments. “My name is Angel Gomes, I’m from Manchester. I’m sixteen. I play for the Manchester United Football Club. And I’ve been struggling really with injuries,” he said. Reacting to the now viral video, the Manchester United Player wrote on twitter: “Regarding the video that has come out from 2016. I am from a Christian family at the time my mum was a fan of the pastor, and she really wanted me to go. I was going through some issues. From the outside looking in it looks crazy, but I was just practicing my faith. I didn’t really need to explain myself but a lot of people was asking me what the video was about. I was young at the time and if my parents thought something was best for Me I would do it. There are far more important issues out there in the world we can tackle.” Watch video below: Source  February 1, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday gave a matching order to the Coordinating Minister of the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala; the Governor Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emiefule and the Nigeria National Petroleum Cooperation (NNPC) to ensure an end to the fuel… March 4, 2015 In "News" Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign"