A 28-year-old woman in India has given birth to a baby girl with no arms and legs in the Sakla village of Sironj Tehsil in the Vidisha district yesterday, according to local reports. The baby was born with an autosomal recessive congenital disorder – Tetra-Amelia – which is characterized by the absence of all four limbs. Footage shows a woman holding the baby which is missing both its arms and legs and is wrapped in a blanket. Dr Suresh Aggarwal, a pediatrician at Rajiv Gandhi Smriti Hospital, Sironj, said the baby is perfectly healthy. Doctors suggest the baby will be taken in for further assessments to check if her internal organs have developed properly. Tetra-Amelia syndrome is a genetic disorder caused by mutations in the WNT3 gene and is extremely rare. According to Bhopal CMHO and pediatrician Dr Prabhakar Tiwari, the syndrome affects one in 100,000 newborns. He said this is the first such case of his career. A 2011 study by Dr Eva Bermejo-Sanchez of the Research Centre on Congenital Anomalies (CIAC) at the Instituto de Salud Carlos III in Spain shows that the disorder occurs in around one out of every 71,000 pregnancies. There have been several cases of the syndrome over the years, including RJ Wilson from Florence, South Carolina. His mother Jasmine Self was five months pregnant when an ultrasound scan revealed her little one’s limbs were not developing. After being advised to terminate her pregnancy, Ms Self and her boyfriend Rondell Wilson decided to not to give up on their baby. Another inspiration case is Nicholas James Vujicic, born in 1982, who was also born with the syndrome. The Australian father-of-four is now a renowned motivational speaker and author of several books. He has travelled to more than 44 countries to advocate positivity and motivation despite his circumstances. He offers his guidance and sharing his story with school students, prison inmates and community groups. Speaking to 60 Minutes in an interview last year alongside his wife, Kanae, he revealed that schoolyard bullies were often cruel and by age 10 he had attempted to take his own life. The Nation By Jacinta Nwachukwu Medical experts say that while the actual causes of most of the congenital defects in newborns are unknown, the predisposing factors to some of the disorders are known. They, however, stress that congenital disorders -- deformities at birth, those before birth or those that develop during the… October 16, 2014 In "News" Parents bringing infants to the doctor for routine immunizations and growth charting can expect to hear new advice from their pediatrician: Read to your baby every day. Story time routines benefit even the youngest children, helping them to build vocabulary and communication skills critical to later success in school, the… June 26, 2014 In "Health" ABUJA - Mrs Oladunni Ladipo, a physiotherapist with the National Hospital, Abuja, on Wednesday said early diagnosis and management helps in the development of skills and talents of children with Down syndrome. Ladipo said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. She said that… February 18, 2015 In "Health"