The Federal Government has rolled out conditions schools and learning institutions in the country must meet before reopening. The conditions are contained in a 36-page document submitted to the Senate by the Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu for their Information. The document obtained by our reporter is titled: “Guidelines for schools and learning facilities reopening after COVID-19 pandemic closure.” The Minister, in his forward to the document, described the conditions as key strategies for implementing safe, efficient, and equitable plans for school reopening and operations. He noted: “Given that COVID-19 may be with us for a while, the guidelines also highlight the urgent need to maintain and improve upon distance learning programmes.” He added the guidelines were drafted in close coordination with health, environmental, education, and school safety experts who were tasked with the responsibility of charting a pathway for safely reopening schools and learning facilities for quality teaching and learning. A major plank of the conditionalities is that schools must “create immediate temporary” COVID-19 “isolation space” before they can be considered to reopen. Schools are also mandated to “ensure establishment of a School COVID-19 Referral System including protocols and procedures to take if learners, teachers, administrators and other education personnel become unwell while in schools.” Schools are also to establish and adequately equip dispensaries and clinics as appropriate. Details shortly… The Nation The Federal Ministry of Education has presented to the National Assembly a detailed proposal on its plan to reopen schools across the country, The PUNCH reports. The Minister of State for Education, Mr Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, stated this on Tuesday when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Basic and Secondary… June 24, 2020 In "Education" The Federal Ministry of Education Tuesday briefed members of the Senate Committee on Basic and Secondary Education on its plans to reopen schools which have been shut as part of measures to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Minister of State for Education, Mr. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, during the… June 23, 2020 In "News" Seoul - Following a recent spike in coronavirus infections involving teachers and students, the plan to reopen schools, already delayed several times, is up in the air again. The education ministry has been weighing the risks faced by schoolchildren when they physically attend school and interact with teachers and peers,… May 14, 2020 In "Foreign"