JOS – A private hospital in Plateau State, Rayfield Medical Services Limited, has been shut down for breach of COVID-19 protocol. It was learnt on Wednesday that the private hospital located at the Rayfield axis of Jos was shut down on the orders of the state Task Force on COVID-19 following the discovery that a COVID-19 patient, who earlier absconded from one of the state’s facilities, was receiving treatment in the hospital. A health worker from the private hospital confirmed the closure of the private facility to our correspondent in Jos on Wednesday. She said “A COVID-19 patient absconded from one of the state hospitals and came to us for treatment for an unrelated illness. “The patient denied any history of contact with a COVID-19 patient as well as any history of symptoms suggestive of COVID-19. “The patient was managed for two days in our facility before we discovered the true state of affairs from the state ministry of health. “The patient was immediately evacuated by the ministry of health officials to the isolation facility and the hospital fumigated. “Screening of primary and secondary contacts revealed that a number of our staff were also positive for the virus. They are also being attended to by the state ministry of health officials. “In line with the state protocols, the hospital services have been suspended for two weeks and the entire facility closed for fumigation. “We hope to resume normal services to the general public immediately after the expiration of the mandatory two weeks” State Commissioner for Health, Dr Nimkong Lar, when contacted, said he was aware of the closure of the private hospital but declined to make further comment on the matter. (The PUNCH) Some private hospitals, which shut down operations after some of their staff members became exposed to coronavirus patients, have given details of how carriers of the deadly virus came to their facilities. Findings by SUNDAY PUNCH revealed that the affected hospitals had suspended operations to decontaminate their facilities and adhere… April 26, 2020 In "Health" The late Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, was hours from being discharged from the hospital on Friday before his condition unexpectedly took a twist and he never recovered, The Nation gathered on Sunday. Kyari died at First Cardiology Consultants Hospital in Lagos on Friday from what… April 19, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The federal government has directed that all confirmed cases of virus in a state must be treated in such state to further limit the spread of COVID-19, This was one of the resolutions adopted at the end of a virtual Emergency National Council of Health (NCH)… April 22, 2020 In "News"