Colombo  –  Over 1,200 people have been placed under a 14-day quarantine in Sri Lanka for failing to wear face masks amid the COVID-19 pandemic which has infected over 2,000 people in the country, the police said on Monday. Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) Ajith Rohana said that 1,217 people were arrested from the Western province for failing to wear masks in public places over the weekend. Recently, Rohana said those who fail to wear face masks in public places will be penalised and legal action will be taken for violating health guidelines. “While the virus had been contained in Sri Lanka, the threat from it remained,’’ he said. Sri Lanka has detected 2,037 positive patients, out of which 1,678 patients have recovered and been discharged, while 11 deaths have been reported. On Sunday, President Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s office announced that a night curfew which was imposed from midnight to 4 a.m. was lifted completely due to the containment of the COVID-19 outbreak. President Rajapaksa said in a statement on his official Twitter account that with zero community spread of COVID-19 for over two months, it had been decided to remove the night curfew completely. However, he urged people to follow the health guidelines by wearing face masks in public, and maintaining social distancing and hand hygiene. “Be responsible, be safe and keep others safe,’’ the president said. (Xinhua/NAN) Colombo - A special presidential task force appointed in Sri Lanka to overlook all COVID-19 related matters has proposed to President Gotabaya Rajapaksa to re-open the country’s international airport for foreign tourists from Aug. 1. In a statement from the President’s Media Division, the task force said that no COVID-19… May 27, 2020 In "Foreign" COLOMBO - Details began to emerge in Sri Lanka on Wednesday of a band of nine, well-educated Islamist suicide bombers, including a woman, from well-to-do families who slaughtered 359 people in Easter Sunday bomb attacks. The Islamic State militant group claimed responsibility for the coordinated attacks on three churches and… April 24, 2019 In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - World leaders have reacted to the series of bomb blasts that struck luxury hotels and churches across Sri Lanka on Sunday I It was gathered that at least 140 people were killed and 560 have been injured in the coordinated terror attacks, which have put the… April 21, 2019 In "Top Stories"