The Nigeria Police Force has grilled musician, Dapo Oyebanjo, aka D’Banj, over allegations of r*pe, The PUNCH reports. It was learnt that D’Banj was grilled by an Assistant Commissioner of Police, Adaku Anya, at the Force Criminal Investigation Department, Garki, Abuja. A statement was also taken from the Kokomaster, who insisted that he never raped his accuser, Seyitan Babatayo. A top police source said, “D’Banj has been questioned twice at the FCID, Abuja. He was questioned last week and also this week. We will leave no stone unturned as we investigate the matter.” It was learnt that Seyitan was also invited to write a statement, but she stated that she had no means of travelling to Abuja and opted to visit a police unit in Lagos. “Seyitan pleaded with us that she had no means of travelling down to Abuja. So, she has been given the option of reporting at the FCID Annex, Alagbon, Ikoyi,” the officer said. The PUNCH had exclusively reported last week that the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, had ordered an investigation into the allegations levelled against D’Banj. Seyitan’s friend, Benjamin Ese, in a Twitter thread in early June had told the story of how D’Banj allegedly raped Seyitan at Glee Hotel, Lagos two years ago – in December 2018. She said it happened at an all-white party where D’Banj allegedly offered her friend some money to spend the night, which she rejected until he surprisingly showed up in Seyitan’s hotel room in the midnight. “D’Banj drove all the way from Eko Hotel, where he was lodged, and came down to Glee Hotel in Victoria Island at midnight 2.40am and collected the spare key from the receptionist,” Ese said in the thread, which has since sparked an outrage. She said D’Banj allegedly “got into my friend’s room and forcefully threatened he would walk her out of the room naked, kept his fingers in her vagina and repeatedly raped her.” The rape experience, Ese said had caused Seyitan some trauma since the incident happened. Source With the accuser and the accused maintaining their claim over the r*pe allegation involving popular Afro-pop singer, Dapo Oyebanjo popularly known as D’banj and a young woman, Seyitan Babatayo, the police detectives investigating the trending scandal have resolved to retrieve the CCTV video recording at the hotel where the incident… June 20, 2020 In "News" The Coalition of Public Interests Lawyers and Advocates, COPA, has called for the arrest of popular Nigerian artiste Mr. Oladapo Oyebanjo, aka D’Banj, following an allegation of rape against him by Miss Seyitan Tayo, NAN reports. Recall that Tayo had accused the singer of sexual assault which according to her,… June 25, 2020 In "Entertainment" The United Nations says Musician, Oladapo Oyebanjo aka D’Banj, is not a United Nations Youth Ambassador for Peace. The Director of Information, United Nations Information Centre for Nigeria, Joseph Kayanja, said this during an email chat with The PUNCH on Wednesday. In 2012, D’Banj’s publicists had claimed that the musician… June 24, 2020 In "Entertainment"