ABUJA – Investigation into the brutal rape and murder of Miss Vera Omosuwa, the University of Benin 100-level microbiology student, has been moved to Abuja on the orders of the Inspector General of Police (I-G) Mohammed Adamu. Force Headquarters, has taken over from the Edo State Police Command, according to police spokesman, Frank Mba, who spoke Tuesday on Omosuwa, reportedly killed in a church in Benin by hoodlums, after raping her, explained that the latest development followed the result of the reliminary report from the team of investigators and forensic experts earlier deployed to assist the  Police Command in Edo in investigations into the unfortunate incident. He said the Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) in charge of the Force Criminal Investigation Department (FCID) Mr Anthony Michael, would henceforth provide direct supervision to ensure speedy and thorough investigation of the case. Mba said the I-G had also ordered immediate deployment of specialised investigators and additional investigation assets to all the Gender Desks Offices and Juvenile Welfare Centres (JWC) across the country. He said the idea was to strengthen and enhance the capacity of the Units to respond to increasing challenges of sexual assaults and domestic/gender based violence. He said the I-G called on the public to provide the police with useful informatIon that would aid investigations into ongoing sexual assaults and domestic/gender based violence across the country. The I-G also enjoined parents and guardians to pay closer attention to their children and wards in these trying times. By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Mohammed Adamu, has deployed additional investigation aids and forensic support to unravel the circumstances surrounding the death of Miss Vera Omosuwa, a University of Benin (UNIBEN) student. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), DCP Frank Mba, disclosed this in… June 1, 2020 In "News" OmozuwaPresident Muhamamdu Buhari has finally reacted to the rape and murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN) by unknown assailants. Coming against the backdrop of an order by the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu that the investigations into the case be… June 2, 2020 In "News" By Joseph Edeh Abuja - The acting Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mr Mohammed Adamu has ordered the posting of the newly promoted Assistant Inspectors-General of Police (AIGs). A statement by the Force Spokesman, ACP Frank Mba disclosed this on Wednesday in Abuja, He said AIGs Wilson Inalegwu was posted to… February 6, 2019 In "Metro"