Native doctors in Benin republic organised a ritual ceremony to get justice for George Floyd from the “gods.” The ritual ceremony was held for George Floyd but the native doctors also called for justice for other black people killed unjustly in the United States, including Trayvon Martins, Michael Brown, Botham Jean, and Ahmaud Arbery. During the ceremony in Dahomey, Benin Republic, a portrait of George Floyd was given pride of place on the altar. Chickens and a ram were killed and the blood was sprinkled around the altar. Also, during the ritual, George Floyd’s name was mentioned multiple times. His killers were also mentioned as a “voodoo hex” was released on them. Watch Video Below; killers. . . Native doctors in Benin republic organised a ritual ceremony to get justice for George Floyd from the gods. . . The ritual ceremony was held for George Floyd but the native doctors also called for justice for other black people killed unjustly in the United States. . . During the ceremony, a portrait of George Floyd was given pride of place on the altar. Chickens and a ram were killed and the blood was sprinkled around the altar. . . Also, during the ritual, George Floyd's name was mentioned multiple times. His killers were also mentioned as a "voodoo hex" was released on them. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jun 15, 2020 at 2:20am PDT Source 75 police officers were seen standing outside the home of Derek Chauvin to defend him following the death of George Floyd. Floyd, an unarmed Black man, died in Minneapolis on Monday, May 25, after Derek Chauvin knelt on his neck over a long period of time while arresting him. Floyd's… May 28, 2020 In "Foreign" Mark Zuckerberg has revealed plans to use his platform to combat racial injustice as he spoke about racism and police brutality. The Facebook founder made this known as he mourned the murder of, not just George Floyd, but also Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery and others. Mark Zuckerberg reacted to the… June 1, 2020 In "Foreign" It is time we heeded Winston Churchill’s advice to “never let a good crisis go to waste”. Amidst COVID-19 pandemic ravaging societies across the globe, we are again, facing multiple social crises. From the disturbing police murder of George Floyd that motivated the massive protests going on in the US… June 5, 2020 In "News"