By Peter Amine  Jos  – Sen. Istifanus Gyang (PDP -Plateau North) has described the Governors’ opposition to the Presidential Order granting financial autonomy to State Assemblies, as undemocratic. Gyang bared his mind on Friday in Jos, at an empowerment programme for his constituents as the country marked Democracy Day. The Deputy Chairman of the Senate Committee on Defence, said that democracy strengthened institutions to operate optimally. He said that opposing the order was like opposing democracy itself, because a democratic set up should allow arms of government to operate for the purpose of separation of powers. Gyang stated that for democracy to thrive, state houses of assembly must be autonomous for the purpose of checks and balances. “After 21 years of democracy, our focus should be on building and strengthening institutions. “The government of PDP that was in charge of Federal Government for 16 years brought institutions like the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). “The party also established the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC). “The Treasury Single Account (TSA) is also an initiative of the PDP government aimed at strengthening democracy,” he said. The senator assured the people of Plateau North of quality representation aimed at deepening democracy. According him, democracy is a form of government where the electorate have the opportunity to either sanction or reward the leaders. Gyang noted that the electorate rewarded performing government by giving it further opportunities to serve or sanctioned a non performing one by showing it the way out. (NAN) By Peter Amine Jos - Senator Representing Plateau North at the National Assembly, Istifanus Gyang, has urged security agencies to urgently arrest the gunmen that killed 12 persons in an attack on Kumbun community in Mangu Local Government Area of the state on Thursday morning. Gyang, in a statement by… January 10, 2020 In "News" By Blessing Odega Jos - Mr Istifanus Gyang, a member of the House of Representatives, has promised to domesticate the federal character principle if elected into the Senate. Gyang, who is the PDP candidate for the Plateau North Senatorial seat, currently represents Barkin Ladi/Riyom Federal Consistency in the lower chamber… February 12, 2019 In "Politics" By Masara Kim JOS - The senator representing Plateau North in the Nigerian National Assembly, Istifanus Gyang has said those ‘illegally’ occupying homes of displaced attack victims must be vacated. This according to him should be done to allow the ‘rightful’ owners of the communities to return home, in line… June 24, 2019 In "Top Stories"