Controversial OAP, Daddy Freeze has responded after rapper Zlatan Ibile called him a devil’s incarnate. The rapper had used the tag for the OAP after Tunde Ednut reposted a post from Daddy Freeze, where he reacted to a news about him publicly rejecting Jesus. Reacting, Zlatan said; “Devils incarnate”. This prompted a counter-reaction from the controversial OAP, who wrote: “Dear Zlatan,kindly explain why you think that I am the devil’s incarnate. Christ was called a Samaritan devil too in the scriptures, remember? The scriptures are filled with instances where Christ was accused of using demonic powers, as well as where he was called a demon or devil himself. The same thing happened to John the Baptist, because they were misunderstood, could it be that you are misunderstanding me? ◄ John 8:48 ►New Living TranslationThe people retorted, “You Samaritan devil! Didn’t we say all along that you were possessed by a demon?” ◄ Matthew 11:18 ►New Living TranslationFor John didn’t spend his time eating and drinking, and you say, ‘He’s possessed by a demon.’ ◄ John 8:52 ►New Living TranslationThe people said, “Now we know you are possessed by a demon. Even Abraham and the prophets died, but you say, ‘Anyone who obeys my teaching will never die!’ ◄ Matthew 9:34 ►New Living TranslationBut the Pharisees said, “He can cast out demons because he is empowered by the prince of demons.” ◄ John 7:20 ►New International Version“You are demon-possessed,” the crowd answered. “Who is trying to kill you?” ◄ John 10:20 ►New Living TranslationSome said, “He’s demon possessed and out of his mind. Why listen to a man like that?”” Source Daddy Freeze, a controversial on-air personality, has rubbished claim by Nollywood actor, Yul Edochie that he has calling from God to be a pastor. Edochie had said in a tweet that he was nursing the ambition of becoming a pastor. Edochie, who earlier this year survived a motor accident that… November 19, 2019 In "Metro" OAP Daddy Freeze has defended Leke Adeboye after an evangelist criticized his mode of dressing, calling it gangster like. Victor Edet, popularly called Evangelist Victor, shared a photo of Leke Adeboye, the son of pastor E.A. Adeboye, and said it is wrong for a pastor to wear a face cap… May 26, 2020 In "News" Popular Cool FM OAP, Daddy Freeze has revealed that it’s actually a suit filed by Nollywood actress, Iyabo Ojo, that is keeping controversial blogger, Kemi Olunloyo, behind bars after she got bail from that of Pastor David Ibiyeomie of Salvation Ministries. Recall that Kemi, a US trained journalist, was remanded… April 4, 2017 In "Entertainment"