Chioma Rowland flaunts her engagement ring in a new video to shut rumours about breakup with Davido. Recall that  Chioma on a post on June 16th reacted to the allegations of domestic violence between her and Davido after they were reported to have fought in their Lekki home. Thechechi said the news of domestic violence is fake. Today, June 24 Davido’s Girlfriend was seen jamming to a song as she faintly flaunts her engagement ring. Chioma Rowland flaunts her engagement ring in a new video to shut rumours about breakup with Davido. Gistvic Blog recall, Chioma on a post on June 16th reacted to the allegations of domestic violence between her and Davido after they were reported to have fought in their Lekki home. Thechechi said the news of domestic violence is fake. Today, June 14 Davido’s Girlfriend was seen jamming to a song as she faintly flaunts her engagement ring. Davido’s Brother, Adewale Adeleke had also given an update about Davido And Chioma rumoured separation. During an Instagram live interview with OAP Daddy Freeze, Adewale Adeleke said Davido and his fiancee Chef Chioma are still together. Source Davido's fiancee, Chioma Rowland has come out to react to the rumours of domestic violence in their relationship. In a post shared via her Instagram page on Tuesday, June 16, 2020, the celebrity chef debunked all the rumours, insisting that there has never been any form of violence in their… June 17, 2020 In "News" Chioma Avril Rowland is really looking sweet sixteen after the birth of her son Ifeanyi with Davido. Popular Nigerian singer, Davido finacee or should we call her his wife, Chioma has gotten back her shape as she comes out on the street of London on bum short. Davido’s son Ifeanyi… March 18, 2020 In "Metro" Following reports circulating that Davido's girlfriend, Chioma Avril is pregnant, the young lady has reacted.   Chioma Avril, girlfriend of musician, Davido, has debunked reports that she is pregnant and will be putting to bed soon. The girlfriend of the multi-award singer who is also called Chef Chi has been reported several… August 19, 2019 In "Entertainment"