The Federal Government has appointed All Progressives Congress chieftain, Alhaji Mutiu Are; the daughter of APC national leader and Iyaloja-General, Folasade Tinubu-Ojo; and the Chairman of the National Union of Road Transport Workers in Lagos State, Musiliu Akinsanya aka MC Oluomo into the 20-member committee that will undertake the recruitment of 20,000 youths in Lagos. Others appointed include former local government chairman, Kayode Elesin; the Commissioner for Works, Bamgbose Martins; the Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Alexander Bamgbola; Commissioner for Rural Development, Cornelius Ojelabi; and APC woman leader for Lagos-Central, Mrs. Fadekemi Otitonaiye. Former Chief Whip of the Lagos House of Assembly, Omotayo Oduntan-Oyelodun; and a member of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s campaign team, Wale Adelana are also on the committee. Three monarchs were included in the committee alongside seven others- Prof. Tajudeen Gbadamosi; Mrs. Modupe Ola, Ashiru Olakunle, Labrar Folami, Olufeko Adebowale, Serena Edward and Akanni Babatunde. The Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Mr. Festus Keyamo (SAN), named Are as the chairman and Elesin as the vice-chairman. Keyamo had on Monday inaugurated, by virtual means, the 20-member committees in the 36 States and the FCT that will select the 1000 persons per Local government area that would be engaged by the Federal Government in the Special Public Works Programme. The programme seeks to employ about 774, 000 youths for three months and they would be engaged in unskilled jobs such as sweeping streets, clearing drainages, controlling traffic and road construction among others. They are to be paid N20,000 a month. According to the Federal Government, interested youths are allowed to apply regardless of political affiliation. Keyamo had earlier on Tuesday alleged that politicians were trying to hijack the recruitment. (Punch) By Fabian Ekeruche Lagos - The All Progressives Congress (APC), Lagos State Chapter, on Wednesday filled the three vacant positions in its executive council. Mr Lanre Ogunyemi, Mr Oluseye Oladejo and Mrs Adewunmi Ladigbolu emerged Secretary, Publicity Secretary and Assistant Legal Adviser respectively at the end of the state’s elective… January 8, 2020 In "Politics" OWERRI (Sundiata Post) - Imo State Governor, Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, has appointed a former member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Uche Onyeaguocha as Secretary to the State Government (SSG).According to a statement signed by the governor's Chief Press Secretary, Chibuike Onyeukwu on Saturday, Ihedioha also approved the appointment of Chief… June 1, 2019 In "Top Stories" Authorities of the University of Lagos have clarified the invitation of the caretaker chairman of the Lagos chapter of National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Musliu Akinsanya, to an event on the university’s campus. MC Oluomo, as Akinsanya is popularly called, was invited as a special guest at a… September 20, 2019 In "News"