IBADAN (SundiataPost) – The Oyo State Government has denied insinuations that it is responsible for the delay in burying the immediate past governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday.A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, indicated that the insinuations amounted to a wicked lie.The statement read: “In view of the intense enquiries from news media organisations  regarding the perceived delay in burying the late former Governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, the Oyo State Government wishes to place on record that there is no truth in the rumour making the rounds that the burial is being delayed by the state government.“The rumour, which is being deliberately spread to give the state government a bad name  and to play undue politics with the dead, initially came by the way of social media gossip, which gained traction to attract the attention of traditional media outfits.“Several media outfits reached out to the Media Office of the Governor of Oyo State to make enquiries  on this barefaced lie on Saturday.“Let it be stated clearly that the Governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has played no role at all in causing any delay whatsoever regarding the burial of his immediate predecessor, Senator Ajimobi.“The truth of the matter is that the family, through a proxy, approached the state government and sought approval to bury the late governor on a plot of land at Agodi GRA, which is currently under litigation.“Incidentally, it was the same former Governor Ajimobi who instituted the legal action.“Governor Seyi Makinde had no choice than to state the facts as they are to the emissaries and turn down the request.“Governor Makinde, however,  against the established land use rule in Oyo State, gave approval that the family can bury the late governor in his Oluyole Estate residence. “It is to be noted that the rules guiding land use in Government Reservation Areas (GRA) forbid the burial of bodies in such locations as Oluyole Estate and Agodi GRA.“Let us also put on record that whereas the family did not follow the laid down protocols in passing information on the sickness and eventual demise of  Senator Ajimobi, Governor Makinde overlooked all that and directed the full cooperation of the government with the family on this matter. “It can only amount to a wicked lie to insinuate that the incumbent government in Oyo State attempted to obstruct the burial of the immediate past governor.” Buhari to attend Olubadan’s burial – Gov. Ajimobi NAN-H-87 Olubadan Abuja, Jan. 26, 2016 (NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari is to attend the burial rite of late Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Samuel Odulana Odugade I, Gov. Mr Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State, has said. Ajimobi made this known to State House… January 26, 2016 In "News" Ibadan  -  Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State has ordered the temporary closure of the Agbeni market as a mark of respect for the late Chief HID Awolowo. This is contained in a statement from the office of the Secretary to the Oyo State Government and made available to newsmen… November 14, 2015 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko  Abuja – (Sundiata Post) -   President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has expressed grief over the demise of former Oyo State Governor, Abiola Ajimobi. Lawan reinded that late Senator Ajimobi served with merit at the upper legislative chamber between 2003 and 2007 during which time he was… June 26, 2020 In "News"