By Edeki Igafe  Warri(Delta)  –    Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta, has condoled with the Obada family of Agbarho in Ughelli North Local Government Area of the state, over the death of Maj.-Gen. John Obada (rtd). Okowa expressed the condolence in a statement issued by his Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifejiaka, and made available to newsmen on Sunday in Warri. The governor expressed sadness over the demise of the retired general, saying that it was devastating. He prayed God to grant the family, the Agbarho community and the entire Urhobo nation the fortitude to bear the great loss. “Obada’s death is devastating especially this time that the nation is in dire need of wise counselling of retired top military personnel to solve the avalanche of security challenges currently faced by the country. “As a people, we are extremely proud of the outstanding contributions of Obada to the Nigerian Army where he served as Aide-De-Camp to Nigeria’s first President, Dr. Nnamdi Azikiwe, from 1964 to 1966. “He was also Commander, Training Command, Nigerian Air Force, Kaduna, 1971 to 1975; General Officer Commanding, 82 Division, Enugu, known then as 4th Infantry Division, Nigerian Army. “Obada had an illustrious military career and served the nation with all his heart, with full dedication and commitment to duty. “He acted as Chief of Air Staff (COAS) from 1970 to 1971 and was Federal Commissioner for Works and member, Supreme Ruling Council. “On behalf of my family, the Government and the people of Delta, I send my deepest condolences to the Obada family, the Urhobo nation and the people of Agbarho where he hailed from,” Okowa said. Obada retired from the Nigerian Army in 1977 and represented Delta in the Federal Revenue Mobilisation, Allocation and Fiscal Commission. He died on Saturday night at the age of 81 after a brief illness. (NAN) A former Federal Commissioner for Works, Major-General Orho Obada, is dead, The PUNCH reports. Obada, who also served as the Commissioner representing Delta State in the Federal Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission in 2006, reportedly died on Saturday night after a brief illness. Until his death, he was the… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" By Edeki Igafe   Warri     -     Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has expressed shock over the death of a worshiper in the collapse of St. Paul’s Catholic Church building at Ugolo, Okpe Local Government Area of Delta. Okowa expressed the shock over the unfortunate incident in a statement issued on… September 2, 2018 In "News" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State on Sunday expressed grief over the death of Dr Maikanti Baru,the immediate past Group Managing Director of the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). Okowa, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary Olise Ifeajika, described the late Baru as… May 31, 2020 In "Politics"