By Stellamaris Ashinze Lagos –  The Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NiRA) on Saturday advised Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) to register with the .ng domain name. The President of NiRA, Mr Mohammed Rudman, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the registration would boost online presence of the SMEs. NAN reports that the .ng domain name is the Internet country code Top-Level Domain (ccTLD) for Nigeria. NIRA is the country’s registry for .ng Internet Domain Names. It maintains the database of names registered in the .ng country code Top Level Domain. Rudman said that lockdown of the country made some SMEs unable to generate income due to lack of online presence. According to him, the domain name will boost SMEs online presence and improve the economy. He said that the association had maintained the normal frequency of monthly registration of the domain name. Rudman said that there was need for more sensitisation and promotions on the domain name. “We are hoping that with the ease of COVID-19 lockdown , small businesses will start picking up the ng. domain name for registration. “As we all know, small businesses usually patronise the social media such as Instagram, Facebook and WhatsApp to showcase their businesses. “We are hoping that after the pandemic, they will begin to pick up the domain name; small businesses were affected by the pandemic,’’ Rudman told NAN. Rudman said that NIRA was working to promote the .ng domain name and create visibility across the country through promotions and sensitisation. (NAN) Lagos - Mr Sunday Folayan, the President of the Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NIRA), on Sunday said that a total of 22,113 .ng domain names were registered in 2015. Folayan made this known in a statement obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. The statement said that… January 10, 2016 In "News" Lagos - The Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NIRA) on Wednesday said 2,101 .ng domain names were registered in October. The President of NIRA, Mr Sunday Folayan, made the disclosure in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. The statement said there was an increase… December 2, 2015 In "News" LAGOS - Mrs Mary Uduma, the President of the Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NIRA) on Wednesday said that 1,805 .ng domain names were registered as at March 2015. Uduma made this known in a statement obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. The statement said that there… April 8, 2015 In "News"