Access Bank on Sunday agreed to refund its stamp duty deductions made from the accounts of aggrieved customers following social media outcry. Stamp duty deductions apply to all credit received into current and savings accounts in respect to electronic transfer and teller deposits of N10, 000 and above. The money is remitted to the Central Bank of Nigeria. Access Bank Nigeria has also promised to revert deductions made between Saturday and Sunday back to customers. According to a statement made on Sunday, the bank said it recognized that it is a tough period for customers. Reacting to customers’ reactions over the usual deductions, Acess Bank said, “We have considered your feedback and have decided to pay the stamp duty on our customers’ behalf for the affected period only,”. “This means that individuals and SMEs who were debited for the accumulated stamp duty charge for February to April 2020 will be refunded.” In an earlier statement, the bank had notified customers that it did not deduct stamp duty charges on transactions that occurred between February 1, 2020, and April 30, 2020. Source By Chinyere Bassey I keja   -    The Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has again called on the Federal Government to compel commercial banks to discontinue the deduction of N50 as stamp duties from the accounts of customers. The Director-General of NECA, Mr Olusegun Oshinowo, made the appeal in an interview… August 3, 2018 In "News" Abuja  -  Payments of salaries and wages as well as payments and deposits for self-to-self transactions whether inter or intra bank are exempted from the N50 stamp duty policy, the Central Bank (CBN) has said. Mallam Ibrahim Mu’azu, CBN Director, Corporate Communications, made the clarification on Thursday in Abuja in… January 21, 2016 In "Business" ....Condemns Refusal Of CBN, NIBSS To Comply With Presidential Directives By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Tuesday has mandated its committee on Finance to investigate the alleged over N20 trillion unremitted Stamp Duties revenue accrued to the federal government of Nigeria from banks and other financial institutions… December 10, 2019 In "Top Stories"