By Oluwafemi Ojo  Akure  –  A governorship aspirant of All Progressives Congress(APC) in Ondo State, Isaacs Kekemeke, says he is inspired by great legacies of Obafemi Awolowo and Adekunle Ajasin to rebuild the state. Kekemeke made this known on Sunday when a group of supporters from Ilaje Local Government Area paid him courtesy visit at his campaign office in Akure. He noted that Awolowo and Ajasin remained significant sources of inspiration for him and promised to emulate their political ideology, programmes, competence, character and commitment to the welfare of the people. He explained that both men were great political strategists who focused primarily on people’s welfare, especially at the grassroots. Kekemeke, who was the pioneer chairman of APC in the state, said Chief Awolowo introduced free educàtion and free health services in the old Western Region at a time critics thought it was impossible to implement. He added that the laudable programmes were successfully implemented through political will and prudent spending which placed Western Region ahead of the other regions in education and health care services. “Being inspired by the legend, I have identified six cardinal programmes on which I base my blueprint for the development of our state. “Our own programmes are therefore a modification of those of Awolowo in such a way as to reflect the realities of our time. “We will introduce free health services for pregnant women, children from birth to age five and senior citizens from age 65. “We will create traditional hospitals for the promotion of our indigenous medical system and establish primary health centres in all the 203 wards in the state. “All we need is political will and creative financial engineering and I dare say we will be up to the task,” Kekemeke said. Earlier, the group’s leader, Sylvester Ikuejamoye, commended Kekemeke for the mature way he had conducted his campaign in the last 16 months. Ikuejamoye expressed happiness that Ilaje/Eseodo Federal Constituency was being conspicuously represented in the gubernatorial race and assured Kekemeke of the full support of Ilaje people. (NAN) A governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress(APC) in Ondo State, Hon Isaacs Kekemeke, has said that he has no plans to step down from the race either for Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu or any other aspirant. Kekemeke, who was a former Commissioner for Justice and Attorney General, said he is… May 26, 2020 In "Politics" By Ojo Oluwafemi Akure - Isaac Kekemeke, a governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, has promised to accept the decision of the reconciliation committee led by a chieftain of the party, Chief Bisi Akande. Kekemeke made this known on Saturday in an interview with the… February 22, 2020 In "Politics" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti -  The  Minister of Solid Minerals and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi,  on Tuesday said the  All Progressives Congress (APC) would restore  the legacies of  the late sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, in Ekiti. He spoke in Ado-Ekiti at the 109th posthumous  birthday of  Awolowo organised… March 6, 2018 In "Politics"