Seoul  –  South Korea unveiled the country’s biggest-ever supplementary budget plan on Wednesday to tackle an economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic. The extra budget plan worth 35.3 trillion won ($28.5 billion) will be submitted to the National Assembly for approval, according to the Ministry of Economy and Finance. If approved, it would be the country’s largest-ever supplementary budget. The previous high was 28.4 trillion won ($23 billion) earmarked in 2009 to deal with the global financial crisis. Of the total, 23.8 trillion won ($19.2 billion) will be financed through the issuance of government bonds, while the remaining 11.5 trillion won ($9.3 billion) will be funded through an adjusted fiscal expenditure. Minister of Economy and Finance, Hong Nam-ki, who doubles as Deputy Prime Minister for economic affairs, told a press briefing that the COVID-19 outbreak roiled domestic demand, such as consumption and investment, as well as export and tourism coming from the global economic downturn. Hong noted that the worsening of economic situations and the employment shock was coming into a clearer sight, explaining why the government drew up the third extra budget plan in 2020 alone. (Xinhua/NAN) Seoul - South Korea’s government is preparing an extra budget bill worth around 20 trillion won (16.7 billion dollars) to fight against the new coronavirus, the interior minister said on Monday. “The government plans to submit a supplementary budget bill to the National Assembly on Thursday as it struggles to… March 2, 2020 In "Foreign" Seoul - South Korea on Friday said arrangement had been concluded to cushion the consequences of the coronavirus for Asia’s fourth largest economy with an economic stimulus package. Finance Minister Hong Ki, said measures worth in excess of 20 trillion won (or 16.5 billion dollars), though he did not give… February 28, 2020 In "Foreign" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - Leadership of the National Assembly on Wednesday met with some ministers and heads of agencies of Federal Government to brainstorm on impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerian economy. Ezrel Tabiowo, Special Assistant, Press to President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan in a statement, indicated that the… March 25, 2020 In "News"