Wednesday’s reunion episode of the Big Brother Naija Pepper Dem re-union show saw the winner of the season, Mercy Eke clash with Omashola Kola-Oburoh As it has been since the beginning of the re-union show, old wounds were revisited, and the Warri-born Omashola was attacked for calling Mercy a prostitute. The show host, Ebuka Obi-Uchendu asked former housemate Cincy if she was a gossip in the house, she denied it and former housemate Seyi Awolowo revolted, that he once caught her gossiping, with other housemates telling her to accept Ebuka then went on to play a clip of when Omashola was reporting Mercy and Ike to Seyi, and in defense he explained that he was very offended with Mercy, which led to his shouting and anger, using hurtful words. Mercy accused him of calling her a prostitute and he said he never did such. He then went on to tell her that she is not up to his league. After the brawl, Ebuka asked former housemate Avala to settle the storm, and she told him that it is rude and wrong to call a woman a prostitute and Omashola at the end, apologized to Mercy, still insisting that he never called her a prostitute. Both housemates ended the show telling viewers and fans that they have settled issues and it should not be re-visited again. Source Nigerians have since taken to Twitter to share their opinions with some pleading with Big Brother not to give Mercy a strike as she was defending herself. Housemate Mercy Eke smashed Big Brother’s phone following a heated argument with Gedoni Ekpata after the Saturday night party. News Agency of Nigeria… July 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" Former Big Brother Naija housemate, Ike Onyema couldn't hide his happiness at the housewarming party of his lover, Mercy Eke on Monday. There are still rumours that the duo may have called it quit, though it is still unconfirmed. During the party, the model was spotted whispering something into the… February 11, 2020 In "Metro" Kiki Osinbajo, daughter of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, has campaigned for her cousin, Seyi Awolowo, to win the 2019 ‘Pepper Dem’ edition of reality TV show, Big Brother Naija. Kiki, in a post on Instagram on Thursday, called for more votes for Seyi, a grandson of late nationalist, Obafemi Awolowo,… October 3, 2019 In "Entertainment"