United States President, Donald Trump, has broken his silence as he gave explanation why he was taken to an underground White House bunker. The facility is called Presidential Emergency Operations Center (PEOC). It serves as a shelter and communications center for U.S. Presidents and others in case of an emergency. Trump was taken there by the Secret Service Friday night as protesters of George Floyd’s death gathered outside the White House. The American leader, wife and son were reportedly in the bunker for a little under an hour. But Trump has explained that he went there for an “inspection”. He dismissed reports that the reason was for protection from protesters. “It was much more for the inspection. I was there for a tiny, little period of time. They said it would be a good time to go down and take a look because maybe sometime you’re going to need it”, he told Fox News Radio. Trump reiterated his threat of military action in New York if the protests persist. “If they don’t get their act straightened out I will solve it. I’ll solve it fast,” he said. Source President Trump said Saturday that he took the test for the coronavirus the previous night and would have the results in a few days, saying he did so because of questions from the media. "I also took the test last night," Trump told reporters during a news conference in the… March 14, 2020 In "News" Iran could be about to unleash missiles against the US amid growing concern for an outbreak of war between the two powers. Experts expect Iran to retaliate against the US killing of Qassem Soleimani last week. Now US satellites and spy planes have picked up missile activity inside Iran, suggesting… January 6, 2020 In "Foreign" Tonight, Donald J. Trump accepted the Republican Party’s nomination for president of the United States. And I am, for the first time since I began covering American politics, genuinely afraid. Donald Trump is not a man who should be president. This is not an ideological judgment. This is not something I… July 22, 2016 In "News"