Munich  –  Team doctor Hans-Wilhelm Mueller-Wohlfahrt will leave Bayern Munich after more than four decades on June 30, the Bundesliga champions said on Friday. The 77-year-old Mueller-Wohlfahrt worked at the club since 1977. Nicknamed “Mull’’, he was also German national team doctor between 1995 and 2018. Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said in a statement that Mueller-Wohlfahrt had done “an excellent job” at the club, “setting a worldwide standard in sports medicine.” “The whole club and generations of players —- from Franz Beckenbauer and Gerd Mueller via Klaus Augenthaler and Bastian Schweinsteiger to Thomas Mueller and Robert Lewandowski —- owe Mull their greatest thanks,” Rummenigge said. Mueller-Wohlfahrt, while speaking on the development, said: “When I look back on my forty years at Bayern Munich, I’m happy and very satisfied. “The experiences we had here together, the successes we celebrated together and above all the people I met at this club have had a lasting impact on my life.” Bayern Munich said Mueller-Wohlfahrt would concentrate on his practice in the city where he has treated world-class athletes and celebreties, including Usain Bolt, Boris Becker, Bono and Eric Clapton. He will also be engaged in a research project at Munich’s university clinic. (dpa/NAN) BERLIN - Bayern Munich said they have no interest in selling Thomas Mueller, despite a reported offer from Manchester United to sign the versatile attacking midfielder. "It is not Thomas who has caused this furore but his performances," Bayern sports director Matthias Sammer was quoted as telling Sport Bild magazine… August 20, 2015 In "Sports" Berlin - Bayern Munich have earned a slight advantage after their goalless draw at Liverpool in their Champions League Round of 16 first leg on Tuesday but past experience against the Reds should act as a warning, said club CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. The Bavarians were never a big threat at… February 20, 2019 In "Sports" Dusseldorf (Germany) -  Germany striker Thomas Mueller along with midfielders Mesut Ozil and Emre Can will miss Tuesday’s friendly against Brazil in Berlin, the German Football Association (DFB) said on Saturday. The 28-year-old Mueller and Arsenal playmaker Ozil both featured in Germany’s high tempo 1-1 friendly draw with Spain on… March 24, 2018 In "Sports"