Cape Town  –   South Africa’s last apartheid president, F.W. De Klerk, has withdrawn from a U.S. seminar about minority rights because he did not want to embarrass himself or his hosts in the current charged racial climate, his foundation said on Sunday. De Klerk, who was the head of South Africa’s white minority government until 1994, was scheduled to speak on July 1 at an American Bar Association (ABA) virtual event on issues such as minority rights, racism and the rule of law. But his participation unleashed a barrage of criticism from South African opposition parties and activists, who called on ABA to cancel De Klerk’s attendance given his role in the apartheid-era security apparatus. “The allegation that De Klerk was involved in gross violations of human rights is baseless,’’ the F.W. De Klerk foundation said in a statement. “However, it appears unacceptable in the current super-heated racial climate that any leader from South Africa’s troubled past should be permitted to retain the slightest vestige of honour,’’ it said. ABA confirmed De Klerk would no longer speak at the event. The death of Blackman, George Floyd, under the knee of a U.S. police officer last month has triggered a wave of anti-racism protests around the world. “At a time like this, where the whole world is crying out for recognition and demanding that value be placed on our lives, on Black lives, we think that ABA erred in inviting someone like De Klerk,’’ said Lukhanyo Calata. He is the son of Fort Calata, who was killed along with three other anti-apartheid activists by South African police in 1985 in an incident known as “The Cradock Four”. De Klerk’s foundation defended his legacy of helping South Africa’s transition from white minority rule to non-racial constitutional democracy and for being the only world leader to dismantle an existing nuclear arsenal. But, almost 30 years after apartheid’s demise, De Klerk’s role remains highly contested in South Africa, one of the world’s most unequal societies where class and race issues constantly bubble under the surface. Earlier this year, De Klerk, an octogenarian who shared the Nobel Peace Prize with South Africa’s first democratically elected president Nelson Mandela, also faced a backlash when he told the national broadcaster he did not believe apartheid was a crime against humanity, as declared by the United Nations. (Reuters/NAN)  DURBAN  - Scrumhalf Faf de Klerk and centre Damian de Allende have been recalled to the South African side for Saturday’s final Rugby Championship clash against New Zealand at King’s Park in Durban. The pair had been dropped by coach Allister Coetzee for the 18-10 victory over Australia last weekend… October 6, 2016 In "Sports" JOHANNESBURG  - South African diversified miner Exxaro Resources could sell or close some of its coal assets as part of a strategic review to cope with a slump in commodity prices, its finance director said on Tuesday. A plunge in the prices of commodities globally has triggered a fight for… June 28, 2016 In "Business" Last year’s election predictions for 2014 were generally correct with wins by Minister of Defense Filipe Jacinto Nyussi in Mozambique, General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Egypt, Jacob Zuma in South Africa and the field in Tunisia (maybe this one is a stretch). This year is not drumming up the same… December 16, 2014 In "News"