According to TMZ, a Hollywood movie producer, philanthropis and writer, Steve Bing is dead. The American died by suicide at the age of 55 on Monday June 22nd after jumping from the 27th floor of a luxury apartment building in L.A.’s Century City neighborhood. Sources told the publication that he had been suffering from depression due to lack of human contact during quarantine. Bing, who founded Shangri-La Entertainment inherited a fortune of some $600 million from his grandfather, L.A. real estate developer Leo S. Bing. After dropping out of University, Bing pursued a career in Hollywood and became the executive producer of the Sylvester Stallone film, “Get Carter,” in 2000. In 2003, he co-wrote the action-comedy “Kangaroo Jack,” and he also contributed to “Missing in Action” and wrote an episode of “Married With Children.” The philanthropist later invested some $80 million in “The Polar Express,” the Tom Hanks-voiced 2004 film directed by Robert Zemeckis. Bing had producing credits on films including “CSNY/Deja Vu,” “Rock the Kasbah,” “Get Carter,” “Girl Walks Into a Bar” and a Jerry Lee Lewis documentary in the works. Bing is survived by his two children, Damian Hurley from his relationship with Elizabeth Hurley and daughter Kira Bonder, who he had with former pro tennis player Lisa Bonder. Source LOS ANGELES  - Netflix Inc is on a mission to start closing the yawning gap between the theatrical debut of movies and their availability for online streaming, forcing Hollywood to rethink where to release new films. With a sequel to martial-arts drama "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" and four Adam Sandler… October 15, 2014 In "News" This morning, a man in his early 50s committed suicide by jumping from the 5th floor of the Administrative Building of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State. The incident, which caught many people unaware, attracted their attention when they suddenly saw the man landing with a thud on… May 3, 2018 In "Metro" Los Angeles   -       A federal judge in Los Angeles on Wednesday dismissed actress Ashley Judd’s sexual harassment claim against movie producer Harvey Weinstein, but said she could proceed with a defamation claim against him. Judd had accused Weinstein of defaming her in 1998 after she refused… January 10, 2019 In "Foreign"