Comedian, Oluwadolarz, has responded to a rape allegation leveled against him by an anonymous lady on Twitter. A Twitter user @unilaganon had asked people to expose influencers who might have raped or assaulted them in the past. The Twitter handler then shared a DM from a certain lady accusing the comedian of raping her two years ago. The lady who appears to be 19, alleged that the Comedian saw her photo on IG when she was 17 and contacted her. She claimed the comedian mentioned to her that she has a pretty face and would like to feature her in one of his skits. She claimed he invited her over to his house where he allegedly drugged her and raped her. She also alleged that she had an abortion for him. See Her Allegation Below; Oluwadolarz saw the post and made a video reacting to the allegation. He denied the allegation, saying he has never and will never rape a person. He asked his accuser to come online to share proof. He also mentioned that he will be pressing charges. “This is false accusation and I will like to press charges because I have never raped anybody in my life. You that sent that message, come out plain, post your picture, post proof, post when I aske dyou to come down to my house two years ago, post when you accused me of rape by chat. Just post something to tell the world that I actually raped you. My name is Olamide, I have never in my life raped anybody and I will never do that.” he said. Watch His Video Below; Why would you take advantage of a trend .. why would you want to tarnish someone’s image … why would you say I reaped you .. pls just come out with a proof pls A post shared by  Ogunleye Olamide Babatunde (@oluwadolarz) on Jun 2, 2020 at 9:26am PDT   Source Former Minister of Education, Dr Oby Ezekwesili, has described the decision of founder of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo’s decision to step down over alleged rape allegation from Timi Dakolo’s wife, Busola as a “good first step”. Ezekwesili who choose to react via her twitter handle, wrote:… July 1, 2019 In "News" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - The Vanguard for the Protection of Rights of Women (VPRW) on Sunday condemned the alleged sexual crimes of a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Perekeme Kpodo, against women in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State. A magistrates’ court in Yenagoa, presided over by E. T Empire-Ugwa,… July 29, 2018 In "Metro" LOS ANGELES - Bill Cosby was sued on Tuesday by a woman alleging he molested her in 1974 at the Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles, when she was 15. The development is believed to be the first court case arising from a recent wave of sexual misconduct accusations against the… December 3, 2014 In "Foreign"