Birmingham (UK)  – Second half goals from Christian Pulisic and Olivier Giroud secured for Chelsea a 2-1 comeback win at relegation-threatened Aston Villa in the English Premier League (EPL) on Sunday. The victory boosted Chelsea’s hopes of securing UEFA Champions League football next season. The result left them fourth on 51 points from 30 games, five ahead of fifth-placed Manchester United. Aston Villa’s hopes of avoiding the drop were dented as they stayed second-bottom on 26 points, one point adrift of the safety zone. Substitute Pulisic equalised on the hour and Giroud netted the winner two minutes later. This was after defender Kortney Hause had fired the home side ahead against the run of play in the 43rd minute with his first Premier League goal. Hause achieved a rare accomplishment of scoring in each of England’s top four divisions when he scrambled in a close-range rebound. Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga had parried an Anwar El Ghazi shot from a delightful cross by Douglas Luiz. “We dominated, but it’s the story of some of our games. We need to be more clinical,” Chelsea manager Frank Lampard said. “But I can give the players some leeway because they’ve had a lot of time off. We showed great character and quality in the second half to win the game.” Chelsea had 76 percent of the possession in the opening half and missed a string of chances, with Aston Villa goalkeeper Oerjan Nyland twice denying Mason Mount. Also, Mateo Kovacic volleyed inches wide from the edge of the penalty area. Arrizabalaga was also forced into action at the other end when he parried a ferocious El Ghazi shot from 25 metres. Ruben Loftus-Cheek failed to get a touch on Mount’s low cross at the far post in the 39th minute. American Pulisic equalised five minutes after coming on. He stabbed a Cesar Azpilicueta cross off the underside of the bar at the far post as Aston Villa’s defence finally cracked under intense Chelsea pressure. Azpilicueta delivered another telling assist two minutes later, threading the ball to Giroud from a flowing move and the Frenchman’s deflected shot on the turn gave Nyland no chance. Aston Villa missed a gilt-edged chance to snatch a draw in the 87th minute. Spanish substitute Jota drove an opportunist shot inches wide of the far post after a sloppy clearance by Chelsea defender Andreas Christensen. (Reuters/NAN) London -   Chelsea staged a spectacular comeback with three goals in nine second-half minutes to beat Southampton 3-2 on Saturday. The win revives the London club’s faint hopes of a top-four Premier League finish as Saints remained in the drop zone. Substitute Olivier Giroud scored twice, his first league… April 14, 2018 In "Sports" Stung by a last-minute defeat in the Champions League, Manchester City will attempt to make up ground in the Premier League title race when they host leaders Chelsea on Sunday. A 90th-minute strike by former player Jerome Boateng condemned City to a 1-0 loss at Bayern Munich on Wednesday and… September 19, 2014 In "Sports" SkySports- Christian Benteke's first-half double helped Aston Villa boost their chances of Premier League survival with a 3-2 home win over Everton. Benteke's 10th-minute header gave Villa the lead on Saturday, before the Belgian scored his 12th goal in 11 games with a far-post finish before the break. Everton halved… May 2, 2015 In "Sports"