The office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Sustainable Development Goals (OSSAP-SDGs) has reacted to alleged N23billion traced to the personal account of a former staff. A statement on Sunday by Janet Mcdickson, Head of Communication, insisted that no funds were missing. The spokesperson said funds released to the office were judiciously utilized. It noted that the National Assembly was “amazed by the bogus allegations, debunked insinuations that the allocation to OSSAP-SDGs in the 2020 budget was padded with the sum of N33billion”. McDickson said the legislature “absolved both the person of Princess Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire and OSSAP-SDGs of such financial Impropriety”. On the transfer of staff from the office, McDickson stated that redeployment government workers to any ministry, department or agency was line with extant rules and guidelines. Mcdickson said the office “is committed to the discharge of its core mandates, including President Muhammadu Buhari’s fight against corruption”. The statement added that the office “will not bow to pressure and distractions”. Source By Monday Ijeh Abuja -   The Office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Sustainable Development Goals (OSSAP-SDGs) has donated two operational buses to the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA). Mrs Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on SDGs presented the buses to Mr Abubakar… August 2, 2018 In "News" By Kate Obande-Okewu/Angel Aluya   Abuja   -     The Office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Sustainable Development Goals (OSSAP-SDGs), says it is partnering with UNDP to mainstream SDGs in states and local governments policies for effective implementation. Mrs Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire, SSA to the President on SDGs, said… September 4, 2018 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Sustainable Development Goals, SSAP-SDGs, Princess Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire has stated that the Federal Government was reviewing Nigeria’s implementation of the just concluded Millennium Development Goals, MDGs in a bid to ensure a proper, accelerated and efficient implementation of the… March 23, 2016 In "News"