ABUJA – The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says it is working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation to trace those allegedly defrauded by Ramoni Igbalode aka Ray Hushpuppi. The EFCC said in a statement by its spokesman, Dele Oyewale, that Hushpuppi, is Nigeria’s most wanted hacker. The commission further stated that many Internet fraudsters in Nigeria have been traced to Hushpuppi. The EFCC said the suspected fraudster was arrested on June 10, 2020 in the United Arab Emirates in connection with $35m ventilator scam. The ventilators were meant for COVID-19 patients. The statement read in part, “Nigerian most-wanted hacker, Ramoni Igbalode, alias Ray Hushpuppi, recently arrested by the International Police and the FBI, has considerable cases of cyber crimes being investigated by the EFCC. “The commission is familiar with grisly details of his money laundering transactions, involving many high-profile cybercriminals facing trial in Nigeria. “The commission is engaging with the FBI in tracing victims of his fraudulent transactions and other fraudsters having direct involvement with him. Local cyber criminals with money laundering networks with him are also being investigated.” •Hushpuppi    …as INTERPOL confirms arrest of suspected international fraudsterLaunches manhunt for accomplices in alleged trans-border fraud Plans are underway by the International Police (INTERPOL) Nigeria to extradite Instagram celebrity Raymond Igbalodely a.k.a. Hushpuppi from Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to Nigeria to face alleged multiple fraud charges, The… June 13, 2020 In "News" Controversial journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has shared pictures of Hushpuppi associates allegedly arrested with him by INTERPOL in Dubai. Kemi Olunloyo shared the details on her social media page where she wrote; "THREAD ON THE ARREST OF BILLIONAIRE REAL ESTATE MOGUL Ray HushPuppi HushPuppi was arrested yesterday in Dubai at his… June 11, 2020 In "News" •Hushpuppi I recall Abike Dabiri-Ereuwa, of the Diaspora Affairs office, taking to social media to tag criminals, who were arrested overseas "in the line of duty", as Igbo instead of Nigerians. I recall the backlash that followed that infamous and shameful tagging by a federal government official. Folks of other… June 12, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds"