By Kemi Akintokun Lagos –  The Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR) Lagos, on Thursday, commended the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) for donating a vehicle to the institute’s COVID-19 response team. Prof. Babatunde Salako, the Director-General of NIMR, said on his verified Twitter handle that the donation would improve the institution efficiency and delivery. Salako twitted: “Grateful to Chikwe NCDC DG and the entire NCDC team for donation of a Hilux vehicle to NIMR COVID-19 response team. “This certainly will improve NIMR’s efficiency and delivery.’’ The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the institute started a drive through testing of COVID-19 on March 30, in partnership with Lifebank, led by Temie Giwa-Tubosun. NAN also reports that the institute had on June 2, launched Tele-consultation guided self-swab test to expedite COVID-19 testing in partnership with MobiHealth International. NIMR was established in 1977 to conduct research on diseases of public health importance in Nigeria. (NAN) By Kemi Akintokun Lagos - The Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR) on Friday said the institution will partner Mobihealth to commence a Teleconsultation COVID-19 home swab test. Prof. Babtunde Salako, the Director General of NIMR made the announcement on his verified Twitter account. Mobihealth is an innovative telemedicine and… May 15, 2020 In "News" By Kemi Akintokun Lagos - Prof. Tunde Salako, Director-General, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Yaba, Lagos, has appealed to physicians to critically examine their patients before directing them to undergo COVID-19 test.Salako said on his verified Twitter handle, that patients with upper respiratory tract were being directed to go… April 5, 2020 In "News" The country has blazed a trail in Africa with the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) successfully validating the first phase of the viral Ribonucleic Acid (RNA) extraction which should enable local production of cheap testing kits for coronavirus. The validation took place on Thursday in the laboratory of the… May 22, 2020 In "News"