ABUJA (SundiataPost) – A former presidential candidate of the National Republican Convention (NRC), Alhaji Bashir Othman Tofa, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately order the release of Mr. Nasturah Ashir Sheriff, a leader of the Katsina protest over bloodbath in the North. He also advised Buhari to offer an ‘unreserved’ apology to Sheriff, before an avoidable conflagration consumes the entire North and eventually, the country. Nasturah Sheriff, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Coalition of Northern Groups, CNGs, was arrested by the Police for organising a series of protests against the killing of innocent people by bandits and other criminal elements in Katsina State. In his statement sent to PRNigeria, Tofa said the arrest and detention of Nasturah Sheriff is utterly wrong, undemocratic and a very bad example of intolerance. He said: “It is unwise and unjust. Not even during sensible and caring Military Rules, would citizens demonstrate peacefully about a matter that worries the entire country, and anyone be arrested. Is this a notice that nobody is allowed to say anything or to express a view, even peacefully? Is this the Democracy Nigeria is showing to the world? We hope not.” The erstwhile NRC presidential candidate also pointed out that so many people are angry about so many things. His words: “If this collective anger is tickled and pushed by a few who may have started some illegal action somewhere, it will easily spread. The 2011 violence, destruction and death that occurred when it was rumoured that Gen. Muhammad Buhari was denied his victory will be a child’s play this time around. Nigerians are very angry! Insecurity everywhere, poverty, joblessness and now Covid-19, disease, despair and desperation have eaten deep into people’s patience and good sense.” Alhaji Tofa, maintained that for the Police or the Security Services to arrest anyone over peaceful demonstration, is not only illegal, but a deliberate attempt to dishonour this Government and cause more hatred against it. “Just today, because of Nasturah’s uncalled for arrest, I have the nasty and angry, often abusive words, uttered against the President by hitherto his supporters. “President Buhari should be very careful. He should begin to know and appreciate his true and sincere friends, and get rid of his enemies, who do tremendous harm to his image and his own future well being and safety. “He must remember that in three years, someone else will be President. I, and millions of other Nigerians, condemn the arrest of Nasturah Sheriff and other Nigerians who were either killed or injured simply because they came out to demonstrate and make their views known in a peaceful manner. We demand Nasturah’s immediate release, and all those in detention for such purposes. We are in a Democracy,” the ex-NRC chieftain said. (PRNigeria) By Tukur Muntari Kano - Kano Concerned Citizens Initiative (KCCI), has called on the Federal Government to weigh the advantages and disadvantages of closing the country’s land borders with a view to reviewing the policy. The Chairman of the KCCI, Alhaji Bashir Tofa, made the call while addressing a news… November 5, 2019 In "Business" Global rights group, Amnesty International, has slammed the Federal Government for arresting Nastura Sharif, the man who organised a series of protests against the regime of the President, Maj.Gen Muhammadu Buhari (retd.). The Spokesman for Amnesty, Isa Sanusi, said in a text message sent to The PUNCH that the government… June 17, 2020 In "News" Men of the Nigerian Police have detained Nastura Ashir Sharif for leading a massive protest against President Muhammadu Buhari in Katsina state. Recall that Sharif, a leader of the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG), had on Tuesday led a peaceful demonstration in the State over bandits attacks and killings. CNG,… June 17, 2020 In "News"