Kaduna –   The website link announcing the sale of admission forms for the Nigeria Defence Academy (NDA) 72nd Regular Course is fake, the military training institution said on Friday in Kaduna. “The announcement is fake. It is a fraud. Members of the public are advised to ignore it,” Major Abubakar Abdullahi, NDA Public Relations Officer said. “That website is not NDA’s official website. The publication did not originate from NDA,” he said. Abdullahi said that the NDA portal for application forms of 72nd Regular Course was already closed, adding that only successful candidates that met the required UTME scores for NDA would be contacted for further screening process in due course. “Please note that information related to NDA can only be accessed through its official website www.nda.edu.ng and official social media platforms,” Abdullahi stated. (NAN) Nigerian Defence Academy, NDA Fake Admission Letter News. The authorities of the Nigerian Defence Academy has brought it to the notice of the general public, especially candidates seeking admission into the school, the ongoing fraud schemes targeting them. The attention of the Nigerian Defence Academy (NDA) has been drawn to… August 10, 2017 In "Education" Nigerian Defence Academy, NDA application form for 2017/18 admission exercise is out. This is the application process for the 69th regular course of NDA. The 2017 registration has started online and interested members of the public can now apply. This article has the requirements and information on how to apply. Nigerian… November 14, 2016 In "Education" Nigeria Defence Academy, NDA Postgraduate admission form for 2017/2018 academic session is out. Sale of application forms for admission into Postgraduate programmes of the Nigeria Defence Academy, Kaduna has now commenced. Applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates for admission into full-time postgraduate programmes in the Postgraduate School, Nigerian Defence Academy,… September 5, 2017 In "Education"