By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau  –   Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara has sworn-in 14 local government council Sole Administrators, less than 24 hours after the state House of Assembly dissolved their offices as council chairmen with the governor’s approval.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the governor has had a running faceoff with the council chairmen who were elected for a three-year tenure under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC).Matawalle inaugurated the sole administrators at a quiet event in the Government House on Friday in Gusau.The governor said their performances would be measured and assessed in the next three months to determine whether they deserved to continue or be replaced.He said the dissolution of the former council chairmen by the state legislature was a result of unsatisfactory performance and negligence of primary responsibility of ensuring the security and safety of the people by some of them.“We received reports that some of them were handling the issue of security of lives and property of the people under their domains half-heartedly due to parochial political sentiments,” he said.NAN however reportls that while dissolving the 14 councils at the state assembly, the spokesman of the house, Malam Mustapha Jafaru, alleged in a statement in Gusau that the chairmen of the councils were found wanting in misappropriating relief funds meant for Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in their respective areas.But in a quick reaction to the development, the APC Chairman in the state, Alhaji Lawal Liman, condemned the state government’s action.Liman noted that even the last local government election that brought in the chairmen was being contested in the court.“This matter now, is a complete violation of our laws and constitutional provisions, we are going to review the issues as well as seek legal advice then take a stand,” he said. (NAN) By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - Zamfara Governor, Bello Matawalle has directed the 14 local government council chairmen in the state to pay the 2019 leave grant of their workers as from Monday. A press release issued in Gusau on Saturday by Yusuf Idris, Director-General, Press Affairs to the governor, said… August 3, 2019 In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara, has approved the construction of one Primary Healthcare Center in each of the 14 Local Government Areas (LGAs) of the state. Matawalle disclosed this in a statement signed by Yusuf Idris, his Director-General on Press Affairs, on Friday. The governor… August 30, 2019 In "News" The All Progressives Congress has lost about 20,000 members today who dumped the party and embraced the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Zamfara State. According to a report by DailyPost, the decampees were from Bakura and Gumi Local Government areas of the state, noting that the crowd that gathered… February 12, 2020 In "Metro"