France’s largest telecoms operator, Orange, is set to make an entry into Nigeria and South Africa. The Chief Executive Officer, Stephane Richard, who made this known, said the firm would make the move in a few months. He said, “It could make sense to be in economies such as Nigeria and South Africa. If one considers there are things to do, the time frame I am considering is rather a few months than a few years.” According to Businessinsider.co.za, the Middle East, and Africa where Orange has a presence in 18 countries, is the company’s fastest-growing market. The region makes a large chunk of its revenues from payment transfers – a key part of the group’s diversification into financial services. Orange said earlier this year it was bringing its operations in the Middle East and Africa into a single entity, paving the way for a potential listing of the operations that could raise cash to invest in overseas expansion. Stephane also explained that the operator will be looking to enhance partnerships with health companies or institutions. (Punch) Africa Internet Group, Orange partner to drive growth in €75m deal LAGOS - Africa Internet Group, parent company of Jumia, has announced a partnership with Orange to accelerate the growth of the company and seize development opportunities on the continent. ‎ In line with the partnership, Orange, a telecommunication operator… April 5, 2016 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - As the curtains are about to be drawn on the sale of 9Mobile, a discernible trend has emerged from the camp of the two finalists; Smile Telecoms Holdings and Teleology Holdings Limited. On either side are former CEOs of MTN Nigeria leading the charge. Smile Telecoms… January 26, 2018 In "Top Stories" CAPE TOWN    -        MTN Group will apply for a mobile banking licence in Nigeria and plans to launch the service there next year, its CEO said on Tuesday, further embedding the South African telecoms company in its biggest but increasingly problematic market. Nigeria announced last month that it would allow… November 13, 2018 In "Business"