Tony Ojukwu, the Executive Secretary of the National Human Rights Commission, NHRC has stated that a student of Lagos State University, Babatunde Adeyeye seen in a viral video inappropriately kissing his baby sister, will be made to face the law. The shocking video, which made the rounds on social media a few days ago, left many Nigerians livid as they called for his arrest. The young man later tendered an apology as he feigned ignorance of any wrong-doing. However, the NHRC boss said despite Babatunde’s apology, he will be made to face the law as he has committed a crime against a minor. His words: ”His name is Babatunde Adeyeye. Babatunde Adeyeye is a final year student of Botany in Lagos State University. He shot an “apology” video which was sent in to us today. He should be traced and arrested immediately. He has committed A CRIME against a minor and must face the law.” His name is Babatunde Adeyeye.Babatunde Adeyeye is a final year student of Botany in Lagos State University. He shot an "apology" video which was sent in to us today. He should be traced and arrested immediately. He has committed A CRIME against a minor and must face the law. https://t.co/pOi44lWihd pic.twitter.com/kIt2boDbdM Source A video showing a man sucking on a little girl's lips while kissing her has gone viral. The man has now reacted in an attempt to clear his name. In the video, the man is seen asking the girl to kiss him but there was nothing innocent about the kiss… June 3, 2020 In "Metro" •Supporters of the #Revolution Now protesting in Lagos … yesterday. PHOTO: NAJEEM RAHEEM ABUJA - The Muhammadu Buhari Administration came under criticism yesterday over its suppression of unarmed #RevolutionNow protesters. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress in the last general elections, Omoyele Sowore, had called for a mass… August 6, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Naomi By all standards, human rights violations are considered to be a crime against humanity. Human rights activists maintain that ``a right is a freedom of some kind; it is something, to which you are entitled by virtue of being human. ``Human rights are based on the principle of… December 9, 2014 In "News"