Hartoum –   Tens of thousands demonstrated on Tuesday in Sudanese cities despite a coronavirus lockdown to demand greater civilian rule in the transition towards democracy after the ouster of veteran strongman Omar al-Bashir in 2019. Waving Sudanese flags, protesters gathered in Khartoum and its twin cities Khartoum North and Omdurman after the government closed roads and bridges leading to the centre of the capital. Similar protests took also place in Kassala in eastern Sudan and in the restive region of Darfur. They chanted “freedom, peace and justice”, the slogan of the anti-Bashir movement. Some protesters blocked streets with burning tyres. Premier Abdalla Hamdok, a technocrat, governs the country in awkward tandem with the long dominant military that helped remove Bashir after mass protests against his 30-year autocracy. An opposition coalition agreed to joint governance with the military in a two-year transition towards free elections but key parts of the deal have not been implemented, such as appointing civilian state governors and establishing a parliament. Hamdok’s government has been preoccupied with a worsening economic crisis that has seen a plunge in Sudan’s pound currency diving and annual inflation topping 100 per cent. Last week, foreign donor nations pledged 1.8 billion dollars at a conference hosted by Germany to help Sudan overcome the economic crisis hampering its transition. But the pledges were well below the eight billion dollars in aid Hamdok has said is needed. The crisis has been compounded by the coronavirus pandemic, which has diverted the resources of many donors. (Reuters/NAN) KHARTOUM - The new head of Sudan’s military council said on Saturday a civilian government would be formed after consultations with the opposition and the transition period would last for a maximum of two years, as protesters kept up pressure for rapid change. In his first televised address, Lieutenant General… April 14, 2019 In "Foreign" KHARTOUM - Security forces stormed a protest camp in the Sudanese capital Khartoum on Monday morning and at least nine people were reported killed in the worst violence since the overthrow of President Omar al-Bashir in April. Footage broadcast by Al Hadath and Al Jazeera television showed chaotic scenes of… June 3, 2019 In "Foreign" Khartoum - Sudan could face a counter coup if military rulers and the opposition do not reach agreement on a transition of power, leading opposition figure Sadiq al-Mahdi on Thursday said. Mahdi said he believed Sudan’s military council would hand over power to civilians if the current stalemate were broken.… April 25, 2019 In "Foreign"