By Emmanuel Afonne  Abuja  –  The e-Sports Federation says preparations for the 2020 On-line National League Games has begun in spite of the coronavirus pandemic affecting sporting activities in the country and beyond. Mr Christopher Yaba, Secretary of the federation said on Wednesday in a statement after the federation’s virtual board meeting on Tuesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that e-sports (electronic sports) is a form of sport competition using video games. Yaba said that the board urged its athletes to brace up for the league games, noting that a portal for registration would soon be made public. ”The meeting commended the Federal and State Governments for their efforts in containing the dreaded coronavirus pandemic that had so far claimed the lives of over a million people across the world. “We thank our members for their compliance with the lockdown directives aimed at holistically fighting the global scourge, “The e-Sports federation further reassures its young and energetic followers of their commitment to continue to build on the solid foundation laid by the founding fathers of the game. “As a body that focuses on sports, the organisation commends its partners for their consistent support,” he said. The federation scribe called on investors to take advantage of the huge opportunities embedded in e-sporting activities in Nigeria. E-sports often take the form of organised, multiplayer video game competitions, particularly between professional players, individually or as teams. (NAN) Sydney - The Players Championship golf event was halted after one round and the Australian Formula One Grand Prix scrapped. This is as the unprecedented shutdown of elite sport triggered by the coronavirus pandemic continued around the globe on Friday. In a frenetic 24 hours, Europe’s leading football leagues were… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" The surge in the number of new coronavirus cases in Italy has hit sporting events as four Serie A football matches were postponed on Sunday, with Inter Milan’s Europa League game next week also in doubt. The match between Torino and Parma in the northern city of Turin was called… February 23, 2020 In "Sports" London - England’s Premier League, on hold since March 9 due to the novel coronavirus pandemic, will consult with club managers and players over “Project Restart’’. This was scheduled to go on while the UK government stepped up planning for sports as a whole on Friday. The league held a… May 1, 2020 In "Sports"