KISUMU (Reuters) – Hundreds of Kenyans defied tear gas and riot police on Friday to carry off the body of a popular singer, trying to prevent a swift burial under rules for suspected coronavirus cases which the crowd said would be disrespectful. Mourners and fans of Bernard Obonyo, whose stage name is Abenny Jachiga, swarmed the cemetery, preventing the singer’s funeral from taking place in Kisumu city in western Kenya. The region has a tradition of lavish, well-attended funerals, but rules imposed for suspected cases of COVID-19 infection require bodies to be buried within 24 hours of death with only five relatives in attendance. Police fired teargas to disperse the crowd, which removed the body from the graveyard and took it to a mortuary. Obonbyo, 33, died on June 11. His brother told Kenyan daily newspaper the Daily Nation that the singer was suffering from severe chest and abdominal pains, difficulty breathing and had been vomiting blood. The family and the authorities have not said whether he had been tested for the novel coronavirus. Obonyo’s family are now asking for a week to organise a proper funeral for the star. “As a family we are requesting, give us one week, let the fans plan, let the music industry plan,” said George Oningu, the singer’s brother-in-law. “We do this to make sure there is peace and that Ben is buried in peace.” By Duncan Miriri and Edmund Blair NAIROBI  - At least two protesters were shot dead in a rally against Kenya's election body in the western city of Kisumu on Monday, an opposition official said, as demonstrators also gathered on the streets of the capital. Police had fired into the air… June 6, 2016 In "Foreign" •Vincent Ochieng KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenya taekwondo champion Vincent Ochieng usually trains in school sports halls in Kisumu, but now he is working out with hundreds of other people on the gritty surface of the western city’s biggest highway flyover. The government closed sports facilities in March as part… May 25, 2020 In "Sports" The PUNCH reports that the Lagos State government has given go ahead to families who have corpses in mortuaries across the state and have not been able to do proper funeral in the last two months because of the restriction occasioned by the outbreak of coronavirus to do so within… April 26, 2020 In "News"