Abuja, Nigeria, 20 June 2020 -The EU and United Nationsreceived delivery of vital supplies to help the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. The shipment, along with others coming soon, are procured through the One UN COVID-19 Basket Fund with a significant contribution from the EU -and will be valued at more than USD 22 million. The current shipment includes, among other items, 545 oxygen concentrators, more than 100,000 test kits, infrared digital no-touch thermometers,numerous personal protective equipment (PPEs), laboratory supplies and emergency health kits that will boostthe Nigerian Government’s efforts COVID-19 response and care for those affected by the coronavirus. The essential medical supplies will enhance efforts of the frontline responders providing care and treatment to people affected by the virus, increase testing capacity and early detection of thoseaffected by the virus, andsupport the hospitalisationand management of COVID-19 cases.The supplies were handed over to the Government of Nigeria through the National Center for Disease Control (NCDC) and the NPHCDA and was officially presented to the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 at an event attended by high-level delegates from the EU, Ministry of Health and UN. “The arrival of the medical supplies will be a boost to the Government’s efforts to provide an efficient and effective healthcare response for those affected by the virus. These vital supplies co-funded by the EU will help us to both protect healthcare workers and ensure people are tested and treated as quickly as possible to save lives,” saidMr.Edward Kallon, the UN’s Resident Coordinator and Humanitarian Coordinator in Nigeria.The European Union, has contributed EUR 50 million through the Nigeria One UN COVID-19 response, which serves as One COVID-19 Financing and Investment Platform, through which different stakeholders (including UN, other multilateral and bilateral donors, as well as private sector donors, foundations and philanthropists) can channel their financial support to the multi-sectoral efforts of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Response. “Today we take a vital step in the response to the pandemic. The alliance between Team Europe, the PTF and the UN has proven very strong. This is partnership in practice when it matters the most. Addressing the health crisis in Nigeria and getting the economic wheels turning again are key priorities for the EU, all while making sure that we protect the most vulnerable,” saidAmbassadorKetil Karlsen, Head of the European Union Delegation to Nigeria and ECOWASThe growing COVID-19 crisis threatens to disproportionately impact communities not only as a health crisis in the short term but as a devastating social and economic crisis over the months and years to come.The One UN COVID-19 responseisworking closely with the NigerianGovernment in its pandemic response efforts throughsharing crucial information with communities on how to protect themselves, infection prevention and control, epidemiology/surveillance and management of COVID-19 cases. The fund will also support income-generating opportunities for people whose livelihoods are most at risk through cash transfers and help restore supply chains disrupted by the pandemic.“We must all work together to contain the pandemic in Nigeria – it is only through close joint efforts that we can keep Nigerians healthy and ensure good care for those affected. We will beat this virus in Nigeria – and the support we are receiving from partners such as the EU, UN and others brings us even closer to this ultimate goal,” said Mr. Boss Mustapha, Chair, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 For further information, please contact:Ngele Ali – Head of Communications and Partnerships, UNDP Nigeria | +234 907 031 1732 | ngele.ali@undp.orgOluseyi Soremekun – National Information Officer, UNIC Nigeria | soremekun@un.orgEliana Drakopoulos – Chief of Communications, UNICEF Nigeria | +234 803 525 0273 | edrakopoulos@unicef.org Note to EditorsThe UN in collaboration with the Government of Nigeria launched the One UN COVID-19 Response Basket Fund on 6 April 2020. The Basket Fund is designed to serve as the One COVID-19 Financing and Investment Platform, through which different stakeholders (including UN, other multilateral and bilateral donors, as well as private sector donors, foundations and philanthropists) can channel their financial support to the multi-sectoral efforts of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Response. The Basket Fund has mobilized US$61.3 million, including US$54.6 million from the European Union (EU); US$2.2 million from UN agencies; $US4 million from the private sector (Dangote US$ 3.8 million and AP Maersk US$ 0.2 million); and US$0.4 million from the Government of Switzerland. The Basket Fund is working to mobilize additional resources from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the MacArthur Foundation. As of 31 May 2020, the Project Board had allocated US$ 41,317,450.59 for activities to be undertaken by Participating UN Organizations (PUNOs) covering the following areas: Risk Communication and Community Engagement (RCCE); Strengthening State level Operational Capacity in Surveillance, Infection Prevention and Control; Building Capacity of Healthcare Workers in Case Management and strengthening hospital capacities to respond; Engagement with Civil Society Organizations to reverse the negative impact of COVID-19 on equal access to essential health services; and, procurement of disease commodity packages. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Precise Post) – In its quest to support the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria, the United Nations today received delivery of vital health supplies on a flight funded by APM Terminals. The supplies, made up of 10,000 test kits, 15 oxygen concentrators, and various… April 17, 2020 In "News" Today the world is facing an unprecedented crisis, one that most global leaders and commentators have described as the most trying event since the World War II. The world is running against time, trying to catch up with a virus that has come upon it with such vehemence and ferocity… April 22, 2020 In "Opinion" By Ifeanyi Nwoko Unarguably, the new coronavirus (COVID-19) remains the most dreaded ailment that has affected mankind in recent time, in view on its effects on all spheres of life. From healthcare to aviation, oil prices, the stock market, tourism and sports, the virus seems to be crumbling everything on… March 19, 2020 In "News"