Kourtney Kardashian has ignited romance rumors that she’s back with baby daddy Scott Disick after she posed in the same flannel shirt he once wore on a date with ex-girlfriend, Sofia Richie. The ‘Keeping Up With The Kardashian’ star took to Instagram to share a photo of herself holding a baby goat while rocking an oversized flannel shirt. She captioned the snap: ‘mornin.’ mornin’ A post shared by  Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Jun 14, 2020 at 10:38am PDT A Kourtney fan account quickly found out photos of Scott Disick wearing the same shirt, including one snap of him out with his now-ex girlfriend, Sofia Richie, on a date in 2017. “KOURTNEY IS REALLY WEARING SCOTT’S FLANNEL!” the Instagram account wrote, driving fans wild as the “infamous flannel shirt” hinted they were back together following his recent split from Sofia. One wrote: “They say thats Scotts shirt. If they are back together I hope it works out and they both put in the effort.” “Scott and Kourt on vacay together,” another hopeful commented with a heart. One more said she hoped Kourtney and Scott are in a “happy place together now.” Disick and Kardashian split in 2015 after almost a decade together, and three kids, Mason, 10, Penelope, 7, and Reign, 5, together. The exes are currently on vacation together in Wyoming along with Kim Kardashian West and Kylie Jenner. Source Scott Disick’s not afraid to get down and dirty. Kourtney Kardashian’s longtime love, 31, was a little too eager to help with her pregnancy photo shoot in the new sneak peek clip forKeeping Up With the Kardashians. After calling it “offensive” that the mother of his children, 35, wasn’t going… April 19, 2015 In "Style" Los Angeles  – U.S. reality TV star Kylie Jenner announced on Sunday the birth of her child with rapper Travis Scott, after months of rumors surrounding her pregnancy. The 20-year-old Jenner said in a post on social media platform Instagram that her “beautiful, healthy baby girl” arrived on Feb. 1… February 5, 2018 In "Entertainment" BY Rachel Desantis Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid have gone in different directions. The former boy bander and his supermodel girlfriend announced Tuesday they've split after more than two years together. Zayn, 25, addressed the break-up on Twitter and praised his former flame, 22, as an "incredible soul." "Gigi and… March 14, 2018 In "Entertainment"