In a bid to avoid the Bayelsa State disqualification, All Progressives Congress (APC) is to subject credentials submitted by the six aspirants seeking for the party’s governorship ticket in Edo State for the September 19 governorship election to public verification. This will be followed by the final scrutiny by a yet to be constituted screening panel by the party. The six Governorship aspirants to be screened for the Party’s June 22, 2020 Primary Election to elect the party’s Edo state governorship candidate are Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, Godwin Obaseki, Rt. Hon. Dr. Pius Odubu, Engr. Chris Ogiemwonyi, Hon. Osaro Obazee and Hon. Matthew Aigbuhuenze Iduoriyekemwen. This novel approach to screening of aspirants for the party’s ticket for elective offices was contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Friday by the National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Lanre Issa-Onilu. According to the party: “In our bid to ensure due diligence and transparency in the screening exercise and learning from our recent shocking experiences, we are determined to avoid any lapses in the process. Therefore, we are making the submitted information and documents of the governorship aspirants available to our party members and the public for verification of claims and to support the screening panel with information or any objection to the claims contained in the submission by the aspirants. “Consequently, the various submissions will be displayed at the Party’s National Secretariat in Abuja and in Benin City, the Edo State capital from Monday 8th to Tuesday 9th June, 2020 for claims and objections.” The party then invited party members and members of the public to assist the screening committee by scrutinizing the information, credentials and documents provided by the governorship aspirants and avail the Screening Committee of counter and correct information, if applicable. The party had earlier released its time table and schedule of activities for the conduct of the 2020 Governorship Primary Elections in Edo States in line with the provisions of the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended) and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) guidelines. With the sales and submission of Expression of Interest and Nomination forms completed, the publication of claims and objections is slated for Monday 8th and Tuesday 9th June, 2020 while the screening panel has Wednesday 10 and Thursday 11, June, 2020 to scrutinise the credentials of the aspirants and the screening appeal holds on Friday 12, June, 2020. The party’s primary election will hold on Monday 22nd June, 2020, while the election appeal has been slated for Wednesday June 24, 2020. The Nation ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun has congratulated Mr. Godwin Obaseki on his emergence as the APC flag-bearer for the September 10, 2016 governorship election in Edo State following the Party’s June 18, 2016 governorship primaries held in the Edo State Capital,… July 11, 2016 In "Politics" By Igbaugba Ehigimetor Benin - Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi, an All Progressives Congress (APC) aspirant for the 2020 Edo Governorship election, has called on the party to carefully scrutinise all those seeking for the party’s ticket. Ogiemwonyi made the call when representatives of APC youth leaders across the state declared their… March 3, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The National chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, has said the party does not have an anointed candidate for the 2016 Edo State governorship election. Odigie-Oyegun made the disclosure on Wednesday during a meeting with APC governoship aspirants for the Edo State… January 20, 2016 In "Politics"