Kano   – Kannywood actress, Mrs Rukayya Umar, has cautioned social media users against showing the faces and images of rape victims to protect them from stigma. Speaking to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Kano, the actress decried the attitude of people capturing the minors being raped and circulating it on social media. She noted that some of the videos of such victims that went viral recently also showed the detailed faces of the victims parents. According to her, “I don’t know what the law says about that but it is very disturbing as it makes the victims vulnerable to stigma. “I saw a three-year-old girl being raped and her mother was interviewed over the issue on a video clip. I am sure the young girl will not like that when she grows up.” The actress further cautioned parents about protecting the image and dignity of their children. Furthermore, she appealed to male parents to support their women in providing moral upbringing and protecting their children. NAN reports that some videos of young children being raped went viral on the social media, an act that caused discomfort to many women. (NAN) California  -  California Attorney General, Kamala Harris, also a U.S. Senate candidate has criticised a six-month jail sentence given to a former Stanford University swimmer convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman. Harris, speaking to the press in the San Francisco Bay area, said she was concerned that the victim's… June 9, 2016 In "Foreign" By Cecilia John, The prevalence of rape in the society and its attendant effects on victims has been a major concern in many countries of the world. Sociologists note that it is worrisome that rape victims find it difficult to speak out for fear of stigmatisation unlike other crimes where… September 3, 2015 In "News" Rape is classified as a criminal offence anywhere in the world. The death of 22-year-old Uwa Omozuwa, an undergraduate who was allegedly raped and attacked inside a church premises, death of Bello Barakat in Ibadan and many other rising cases of rape sparked outrage with many Nigerians taking a stand… June 6, 2020 In "News"