By Deji Abdulwahab  Abuja   –   The All Progressives Congress (APC) has so far realised N135 million from the sale of expression of interest and nomination forms to six Edo governorship aspirants participating in the party’s primaries slated for June 22. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the party placed N22.5 million fee on governorship aspirants form in Edo and Ondo States. The APC National Organising Secretary, Mr Emma Ibediro, had on May 20 issued the timetable for the party’s primaries in the two states. According to him, this includes N2.5 million for Expression of Interest Form and N20 million for the Nomination Form. “The sale of forms to Edo governorship aspirants will begin from May 20 to June 2, while the submission ends on June 3,” Ibediro said. The party’s national organising scribe also released the list of Edo governorship aspirants who have so far purchased and submitted the forms. He listed the aspirants as Gov. Godwin Obaseki, Mr Osagie Ize-Iyamu, Mr Osaro Obaz, Dr Pius Odubu, Mr Matthew Iduoriyekemwe and Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi. (NAN) By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja   -      Presidential aspirants for the 2019 election in the All Progressives Congress will pay N45million to obtain the party’s Expression of Interest and Nomination forms, to stand a chance of contesting in the direct primary slated for 20 September. Mr Emma Ibediro, the National Organising Secretary… September 5, 2018 In "News" By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja - The All Progressives Congress (APC) has released the timetable and schedule of activities for the conduct of the 2019 governorship primaries to select its flag bearers for Nov.16 Kogi and Bayelsa governorship poll. The ruling party said this in a statement signed by its National… July 10, 2019 In "Politics" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos -   A Lagos lawmaker, Mr Tunde Braimoh, on Wednesday, said the cost of nomination and Expression of Interest forms just released by the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) for aspirants in 2019 elections, was not too high. Braimoh, the Chairman, House Committee on Judiciary, Public… September 5, 2018 In "Politics"