The body of a police DSP, Francis Onugha was found lifeless at the Police Barrack in Akwanga. Divisional Crimes Officer (DCO) 1 attached to Akwanga Division of the Nigeria Police Force, Nasarawa State command, DSP Francis Onugha (aka Dangote), has died under mysterious circumstances. Francis Onugha was found dead and naked in his bedroom at the Police Barrack in Akwanga. According to Vanguard, some reports claim he was found dead after a s3x romp with a woman who snuck out when she found out he was unconscious. The woman also allegedly removed her contacts from the man’s phone before sneaking out. The source who spoke to Vanguard alleged that: “An unknown lady slept in the room with the late police officer, but sneaked out when she discovered that the man died.” The publication adds that an eyewitness claimed that the late DCO’s doors were opened and his lifeless body was found inside the room with “fumes” on his nose and mouth. “He used to wake up very early and go round duty posts to supervise police officers on duty, but that early Sunday, he couldn’t come out, we suspected something must be wrong, so when we rushed into the house, we found him dead,” a source told the publication. The Police spokesperson, Nasarawa Command, Nansel Rahman confirmed the death of DSP Onugha but could not confirm if he died after a sex romp as claimed. According to the PPRO, the corpse has been deposited at Akwanaga General Hospital for an autopsy to ascertain the cause of his sudden death. He said an investigation has commenced. The Nation A married woman who had a romp with her secret lover has lost her life after he beheaded her.  The man has been arrested Police operatives in Ogun State have arrested a man, who allegedly beheaded a married woman believed to be his lover after he had engaged her in a… July 21, 2019 In "Metro" The young woman who was found dead in a Port Harcourt hotel on 15 August, after being strangled by a stranger, has been identified as Jennifer Nwokocha, from Omoku, headquarters of Ogba-Egbema-Ndoni council area of Rivers state. She was found dead Thursday morning in a room at Grand Venice Hotel… August 17, 2019 In "News" By Carol V. Utulu Asaba - The Delta Police Command has confirmed the death of a man in a hotel, in Ibusa community. Command spokesperson, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya told journalists on Friday in Asaba that the incident occurred on Thursday in Ibusa community, near Asaba. The police image maker said… January 17, 2020 In "News"