By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin  – A factional of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo says it has rejected the Gov. Hope Uzodinma-led committee on the conduct ot the party’s primary in the state. Tne factional Chairman, Anslem Ojezua, made known the rejection in a statement he issued on Friday in Benin. The APC’s National Working Committee (NWC) had earlier constituted the election committee led by the Imo Governor to conduct a direct primary in Edo. “Our attention has been drawn to reports that a primary election committee has been inaugurated by the Hilliard Eta-led faction of the National Working Committee of our party to conduct party primaries in Edo. “This purported inauguration is reported to have been done while a controversy is raging as to the proper officer to take over from Adams Oshiomhole. “We have on good authority that Victor Giadom, the acting National Secretary, has been empowered by the FCT High Court in Abuja to act in that capacity. “Besides, we have reservations with the entire process from the beginning because the national working committee has not first obtained the approval of the National Executive Committee of our party. “In the light of the above, we have no option than to reject the Uzodinma-led committee,” Ojezua said. (NAN) Prince Hilliard Eta, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Vice-Chairman, South-South, has assumed duties as the party’s Acting National Chairman. The way was paved for him to assume the position following yesterday's Appeal Court verdict upholding the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as the party’s National Chairman on Tuesday. Prince Hilliard… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" By Deborah Coker (08035927476 Benin - Mr Anselm Ojezua, factional Chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo, says he will not be leaving the party with the governor. Ojezua is leading a faction of the APC loyal to Gov. Godwin Obaseki before his resignation on June 16 from the party.… June 16, 2020 In "Politics" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja -  Sen. Hope Uzodinma, representing Imo West Senatorial District, has called for adoption of direct primaries in Imo to end crisis and ensure victory for the All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2019 general elections. Uzodinma told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Friday,… September 21, 2018 In "Politics"