A tragic incident occurred in Greater Noida on Monday June 15, as a Nigerian man suspected to be “mentally unstable” allegedly killed his infant daughter and then threw her body from the second-floor of his apartment. An eyewitness who sent in the story to LIB, said the incident occurred during a fight the man had with his wife. A senior police officer said the couple, Ozioma Declan and Julie were staying with their three-month-old daughter in Imperia society under Ecotech 3 Police Station limits. Deputy commissioner of police, central Noida, Harish Chander said; “The information was received at the local police station in the morning about a fight between the Nigerian couple. A police team immediately reached the spot where the wife narrated the whole incident. “She told the police that her husband was mentally troubled and doing weird things. She said he physically fought with her and smashed their daughter on the floor of the house, killing her on the spot. He then threw the body out from the balcony.” The Nigerian man has been taken into custody and it was further learnt that a local representative of Nigeria has been called to discuss the issue. Legal proceedings will be carried out after the case is properly registered. Source By Adepote Arowojobe Ikorodu (Lagos State) - Residents of Aga community in Ikorodu, near Lagos were on Friday greeted with shock when the corpses of a father, wife and their child were found in their apartment. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the incident occurred at No 12,… May 24, 2019 In "News" A housewife identified as Mrs. Shade Rabiu has been taunted by a single mother, Damilola Yusuf during a public fight after she revealed that she had been sleeping with Shade’s husband, Lati for the past one year. According to PM Express, the incident happened at Alhaji Obe Street, Ejigbo area… February 5, 2020 In "Metro" A 36-year-old man, Bryan Indimuli has been confirmed dead after being stabbed by his 25-year-old wife, Joy Indeche at their residence in Ikoli Village in Malava Constituency, Kakamega County of Kenya. Father of the deceased, John Indimuli said the incident occurred after his son complained that Indeche tripped over a… April 5, 2020 In "Foreign"