Two police officers in Buffalo, New York, have been suspended without pay after they were caught on camera shoving a 75-year-old protester, causing him to fall and knock his head to the ground. The incident occurred shortly after the city’s 8 p.m. curfew on Thursday, NBC affiliate WGRZ reported. Journalists from Spectrum News Buffalo and WBFO were reporting in Niagara Square as they witnessed officers lining up to push back protesters who were out calling for police accountability and racial justice following the death of George Floyd. One of their videos shows the elderly man calmly approaching the officers, appearing to ask them a question, but the officers pushed the man back. The shove caused the protester, who has not been identified, to lose his balance and fall back, hitting his head on the concrete. The man appeared to have been knocked unconscious and blood flowed out of one of his ears. Current situation in #Buffalo as police work to enforce the 8 p.m. curfew in Niagara Square. Caution: there is some vulgar language in the video. Tune to @SPECNewsBuffalo for the latest. Video Courtesy: Photojournalist Anthony Nelson pic.twitter.com/nP4AXgQGeR Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown says the victim is in stable but serious condition. “I was deeply disturbed by the video as was Buffalo Police Commissioner Byron Lockwood. He directed an immediate investigation into the matter, and the two officers have been suspended without pay,” Brown said. Source: nbcnewyork.com Minneapolis  - A Minneapolis area police officer fatally shot a black man during a traffic stop, local law enforcement said on Thursday. The death of the man identified by his family as Philando Castile, 32, came hours after the U.S. Justice Department said it had opened an investigation into Tuesday's… July 7, 2016 In "Foreign" Bujumbura (Burundi) (AFP) - Burundi's security forces began clearing barricades in the capital Bujumbura on Sunday after the government ordered an immediate end to protests against President Pierre Nkurunziza's controversial bid for a third term. Protesters pledged to defy the order and continue weeks of street demonstrations, branding the government… May 10, 2015 In "Foreign" Hong Kong - Hong Kong’s airport cancelled all flights on Monday, with authorities blaming demonstrators for the disruption of one of the world’s busiest terminals, a dramatic escalation of anti-government protests that have roiled the Asian financial hub. At the same time, a Chinese official in Beijing warned signs of… August 12, 2019 In "Foreign"