By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos  – Sen. Oluremi Tinubu, representing Lagos Central Senatorial District, has called for greater commitment to guarding Nigeria’s democracy while working together to realise the vision of “One Nation bound in freedom, peace and unity”. Tinubu made the call on Thursday in commemoration of the June 12, Democracy Day, felicitating with Nigerians at both at home and in Diaspora. “We must also ensure that every Nigerian, regardless of gender, tribe, creed, religion and political affiliations, is safe and protected, refusing to coddle violent and discordant elements in our various communities,” she said. The senator commended President Muhammadu Buhari for recognising June 12 as the Nigeria’s rightful Democracy Day. “I congratulate President Muhammadu Buhari on the 5th anniversary of his inauguration. “President Buhari has led the administration on the right path, giving its antecedents in the last few years and in particular, its response to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. “A little over 21 years ago, on May 29, 1999, a democratically elected government was inaugurated, ushering in the fourth Republic and commencing the longest stretch of democratic rule in Nigerian history. “In addition, this celebration is the first anniversary of the commemoration of June 12 as a Democracy Day, having been so designated by His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari. “It is a reminder of our collective will and decision to be governed by democratic ideals,” she said. Tinubu encouraged all students of governance, history and democrats to see the significance of June 12, 1993 and the ensuing struggle was not lost. She, however, added that it had not been a smooth sailing journey. “The result has been increased determination to do right by Nigerians and leave a country that generations unborn can be proud of. “Once again, I congratulate you all and may the labour of our heroes past, never be in vain,” Tinubu said. (NAN) By Osuizigbo Lagos - All Progressives Congress National Leader, Sen. Bola Tinubu, again on Tuesday commended President Muhammadu Buhari for taking steps toward fully recognising June 12 as Democracy Day.Tinubu gave the commendation the in a statement released by his Media Adviser, Mr Tunde Rahman, in Lagos.He also urged the… May 15, 2019 In "News" By Lucy Osuizigbo and Clara Egbogota Lagos - The National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Sen. Bola Tinubu on Wednesday urged Nigerians to look forward to the next four years with hope and hands ready to work. Tinubu made the call in a statement made available to newsmen… February 27, 2019 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the National Leader of All Progressives Congress (APC) Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu on his 67th birthday, slated to hold on Friday, and commended him for making life better for many Nigerians. President Buhari, in a statement by his Special Adviser on… March 27, 2019 In "News"