The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State may have assumed a new dimension following resistance by the governorship aspirants of the party to allow the state Deputy Governor, Mr Agboola Ajayi contest as the consensus candidate of the party. Ajayi who is currently at loggerheads with his boss, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, it was gathered made efforts to secure the PEP gubernatorial ticket but for the resistance of the gubernatorial aspirants or the party. Already, the PDP parades three prominent governorship aspirants including Mr Eyitayo Jegede, Dr Eddy Olafeso and Mr Banji Okunomo. All the governorship aspirants of the party were said to have agreed to go for primary election to determine who gets the party’s ticket Jegede who was the governorship candidate of the party in 2016, was said to be the leading contestant among the aspirants. However, it was rumoured that there is serious pressure on Jegede to step down for Ajayi and serve as his running mate. But, it was leanrt that Jegede is hellbent at contesting the election and not ready to be running mate to either Ajayi or anyone. Ajayi, sources within the party said is banking on the support of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar who is a leader of the party at the national level. It was not certain whether or not other governorship aspirants of the party would step down for Ajayi. The situation, Daily Sun gathered has generated serious tension within the PDP in the state and the Deputy Governor was alleged to be moving round to ensure that he gets the party’s ticket. Sun News Okitipupa -  A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo state, Mr Larry Ogunmusire, has said that the party would win the Nov. 26 governorship election in the state. Ogunmusire, who is the Chairman of Okitipupa Local Government Area, said this in an interview with the News Agency… August 26, 2016 In "Politics" Abuja - Disputed National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Sen. Ali Modu Sheriff, said his faction of the party would review outcome of its primary election for governorship election in Ondo state. He said, in a statement in Abuja on Monday that the faction’s National Working Committee (NWC) would… August 29, 2016 In "Politics" By Kamal-Tayo Oropo A voter In lead-up events preceding any elections, political analysts note that there are usually noticeable interests among players, involving political intrigues and subterfuge. According to them, the governorship election scheduled for July 14 in Ekiti will not be an exception of such expectations, even as they… March 1, 2018 In "Features"