By Hajara Leman Gombe  – Gombe State Task Force on COVID-19 says 350 persons infected with Coronavirus have been treated and discharged, while 19 deaths were recorded.The Chairman of the task force, Prof. Idris Mohammed, made this known at a news conference in Gombe on Tuesday, while giving update on COVID-19 in the state.He said that so far, there were 134 active cases who were on admission at various isolation centres across the state.Mohammed said the sub-committee on contact tracing had been going round communities to identify those who had contact with people who tested positive and convey them to isolation centres.According to him, one of the challenges the task force is facing is that most of the people whose samples have been taken do not have genuine addresses, thereby making it difficult for the contact tracing sub-committee to pick them.He called on the people to cooperate with the task force and the sub-committee to curtail the spread of the disease.He commended relevant stakeholders “for massive campaign on how to keep safe, thereby making the number of cases to drop.”The chairman said additional fund had been approved for the task force to conduct COVID-19 activities in the state. (NAN) ABUJA - The Director-General of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, on Friday announced that the agency is currently tracing about 12,000 persons who have had contact with confirmed cases of COVID-19. Ihekweazu, who made this known while responding to questions from journalists at the Presidential Task… May 1, 2020 In "News" By Ayinde Olaide Bauchi - Bauchi State government says it is tracing 305 contacts of the index case and others reported by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) in the state. Alh. Baba Tela, Deputy Governor of the state who is also the Chairman of the State Task Force… April 6, 2020 In "Health" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Abia Government on Friday said it had traced 209 contacts of the two index coronavirus cases in the state and placed them under surveillance in an isolation facility. The the Abia Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi-Kalu, made this known in a statement made available to… April 24, 2020 In "News"