YOLA – An enraged wife’s scream has exposed the alleged rape of a minor by her 42-year-old husband, Ahmadu Idris. Idris had allegedly asked his victim, a 13-year-old seller of wrappers, to take the wares to his wives in his house for them to make their choices. According to father of the teenage girl, Musa Abubakar, the girl took the wrappers to the man’s house, not knowing that the wives were not at home. Abubakar said the man trailed his daughter and pounced on her the moment they arrived the house, threatening to kill her if she shouted. The man’s luck ran out, however, because the younger wife on whose bed he took her to, suddenly returned to the house and caught the man in the act. Our correspondent learnt, enraged to find her husband on top of a stranger on her matrimonial bed, she screamed to attract attention. The Adamawa State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Suleiman Nguroje, who confirmed the incident Wednesday, said it occurred in Ngwalam village in Numan local government area last week when the victim was sent by her grandmother to market some female wrappers to her neighbours. Nguroje said the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in charge of Numan Local Government Area brought the matter which was transferred to Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of the command in Yola. He assured that the case would be treated with diligence and the culprit prosecuted according to the dictates of the law. (The Nation) Lagos -  A 42-year-old businesswoman and mother of three , Mrs Olubunmi Balogun, on Monday in Lagos, lost her 13-year-old marriage to her husband, Abiodun Balogun, for denying him sex. In his judgment, the president of Igando Customary Court, Mr Adegboyega Omilola, said the petitioner was adamant despite all mediations… August 1, 2016 In "Metro" Lagos - A woman has lost her marriage of 35 years after the mistake of sleeping with her husband's younger brother.   A 52-year-old trader, Mrs. Kudirat Ajayi, has finally lost her 35-year old marriage for allegedly sleeping with her husband’s younger brother despite the fact that she still wanted the… September 17, 2019 In "Metro" An Ado-Ekiti Customary Court yesterday dissolved a 14-year-old marriage between Amaka Nwafor, 36, and her husband, Friday Nwafor, 47. The President of the Court, Olayinka Akomolede, according to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), dissolved the marriage on the grounds of constant fighting and beating, public disgrace, threats to life,… October 27, 2019 In "Relationship"