By Franca Ofili Abuja –  The Light Interveners Foundation (LIF), an NGO, on Saturday took its COVID-19 awareness campaign to Utako market in Abuja, to enlighten people on how to curb its spread and stay safe. Mr Israel Abam, Chairman of the foundation said that the gesture was to support Federal Government’s effort to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. “We know that the COVID-19 situation in the country and the world is serious so we decided to contribute whatever way we can to the fight against the virus. “No matter how small it is; it will be appreciated. We decided to come to a major market in the city where lots of people come to shop,’’ Abam said. He said that lot of sensitasation needed to be done as people still go about their normal life without minding the effect of the virus. “We found out that many people are not using face mark or observing social distancing. “We are here to create awareness and sensitize the market leadership so that they can educate the community on the danger of COVID-19. “We met with the management of the market to give our message and hope to return to meet with the associations to carry out the sensitszation programme. “We need to be alive to do business so people must take care of themselves.’’’ Abam said. He further said that the foundation would be giving out hand sanitizer, cotton high quality face masks and vitamins C zinc supplements. He said that the foundation would also distribute handbills conveying safety measures and personal protection items. Abam added that the foundation would also train selected organisations on crowd control as a measure of safety Mrs Adaku Okoro,, who sells food items, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that most people in the market do not believe that COVID 19 exist. “People are not taking measures against the virus,” she said. She called on the government to put more effort in sensitising the people. (NAN) By Aderonke Ojediran Lagos - The Ejigbo Local Government Council of Lagos State has started sensitising its residents in support of the state government’s strength to curtail further spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19). The council Chairman, Alhaji Monsurudeen Bello, disclosed this in a statement issued by the council’s Media Officer, Mr… March 9, 2020 In "Health" By Gami Tadanyigbe Gwagwalada (FCT) - Noble Youths Mass Support Association (NYMSA), an NGO, has called on the National Orientation Agency (NOA), to take the advocacy for prevention of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) to the grassroots. Mr Godwin Onmonya, the National Coordinator of NYMSA, made the call in an interview with… March 19, 2020 In "Health" Researchers have found shocking similarities between the Wuhan coronavirus and HIV and Ebola. These mutations suggest the virus is manmade. Remember all those "crazy" stories about COVID-19 leaking from a Chinese lab? Well, they might actually be true. | Image: Handout / National Institutes of Health / AFP The novel… March 4, 2020 In "Health"