Moscow  –  UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Education Secretary Gavin Williamson have announced that the government will allocate one billion pounds ($1.2 billion) to provide tutoring and additional resources to school students that have missed lessons as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak.“This £1 billion catch-up package will help head teachers to provide extra support to children, who have fallen behind while out of school,” Johnson said as the proposals were unveiled on Friday. According to the government, $434 million will be given to support a tutoring scheme for the most disadvantaged students, and $806 million will be divided among the country’s state-run schools to bolster resources. “I am determined to do everything I can to get all children back in school from September, and we will bring forward plans on how this will happen as soon as possible,” Johnson added. Certain elementary school year groups returned to classes earlier this month and some of the country’s high schools also reopened from Monday. The current government guidelines stipulate that no more than 25 per cent of students in grades 10 and 12 can be present at one time.Schools are continuing to provide in-person teaching to vulnerable children and those of frontline workers, such as health care professionals, who have continued to work amid lockdown measures. (Sputnik/NAN) The UK government has announced June 15 for the re-opening of all non-essential retail stores as part of plans to further ease the lockdown measures. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday night disclosed this at the daily Downing Street press conference. He said some easing of retail will begin… May 26, 2020 In "Foreign" Boris Johnson has finally published his 50-page 'exit strategy' document from the coronavirus lockdownLast night PM told Britons to 'stay alert, control virus and save lives' in new government coronavirus sloganColleagues can return to work in any numbers if social distancing is enforced, but families cannot meet upJohnson's 'conditional' plan… May 11, 2020 In "Foreign" •Boris Johnson British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Wednesday the country will have 25,000 virus tracing staff recruited by June so the country can “make progress” in its strategy to keep easing the nationwide lockdown. The government is under pressure to get the recruits in place to operate alongside a… May 20, 2020 In "Foreign"