By Deborah Coker  Benin  –   Ahead of Friday’s governorship primaries of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo, a frontline aspirant of the party, Mr Gideon Ikhine, has stepped down from the race for Gov. Godwin Obaseki. Ikhine announced his decision to step down for the governor on Monday at a ceremony in Benin. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gov. Obaseki, state party chairman , Dr Tony Aziegbemi and other party leaders from across the state were in attendance. Announcing the decision, the aspirant said that there was no progress without a sacrifice, adding that the governor’s defection to the party was God’s great answer to the party and his aspiration. He noted that two persons could have the same vision but the means of approaching them different. Ikhine stressed that he was not actually stepping down, but ” stepping behind the man who would lead the party to glory come Sept. 19″. He said he and his supporters had resolved to work with the governor to ensure that a better tomorrow is achieved in the state. Responding, Obaseki said that with the political situation in the state, history was being made in the country. He noted that 21 years later in the present republic, democracy was taking a new turn as intellects were coming into the political process to redirect political processes and situation in the state. The governor said that he joined the PDP because he realised that PDP was Edo and Edo was PDP. He commended the aspirant for reconciling with the party by identifying the lapses in Edo PDP and ensuring that the lapses were addressed. Obaseki noted that governance ought to be about the people and not about few individuals . He stressed that deceit could not be part of political structure, but about leadership. (NAN) Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki of the Peoples Democratic Party will have a hurdle to overcome ahead of their primaries as three aspirants on the party's platform have refused to step down for him. ThisDay reports that Gideon Ikhine, Ogbeide-Ihama and Kenneth Imasuagbon are the three men that were screened… June 22, 2020 In "Politics" According to The PUNCH, indications emerged on Saturday that the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party has given conditions to the embattled Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, to fly the party’s flag in the state’s September 19 governorship election. The offers came following Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki from the… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features"