Novak Djokovic tested positive for coronavirus on Tuesday after taking part in a tennis exhibition series he organised in Serbia and Croatia. The top-ranked Serb is the fourth player to test positive for the virus after first playing in Belgrade and then again last weekend in Zadar, Croatia. His wife also tested positive. The moment we arrived in Belgrade we went to be tested. My result is positive, just as Jelena’s, while the results of our children are negative,” Djokovic said in a statement. Djokovic has been criticised for organising the tournament and bringing in players from other countries amid the coronavirus pandemic. Viktor Troicki said Tuesday that he and his pregnant wife have both been diagnosed with the virus, while Grigor Dimitrov, a three-time Grand Slam semifinalist from Bulgaria, said Sunday he tested positive. Borna Coric played Dimitrov on Saturday in Zadar and said Monday he has also tested positive. There were no social distancing measures observed at the matches in either country. Everything we did in the past month, we did with a pure heart and sincere intentions, Djokovic said. Our tournament meant to unite and share a message of solidarity and compassion throughout the region. Djokovic, who has previously said he was against taking a vaccine for the virus even if it became mandatory to travel, was the face behind the Adria Tour, a series of exhibition events that started in the Serbian capital and then moved to Zadar. He left Croatia after the final was canceled and was tested in Belgrade. Despite the positive test, he defended the exhibition series. It was all born with a philanthropic idea, to direct all raised funds towards people in need and it warmed my heart to see how everybody strongly responded to this, Djokovic said. “We organised the tournament at the moment when the virus had weakened, believing that the conditions for hosting the Tour had been met. Unfortunately, this virus is still present, and it is a new reality that we are still learning to cope and live with.” Djokovic said he will remain in self-isolation for 14 days and also apologised to anyone who became infected as a result of the series. (https://www.business-standard.com/) ABAKALIKI - A 26-year-old man and his 19-year-old wife in Ebonyi State have tested positive for Coronavirus, bringing the total number of cases in the state to seven. The man and wife who are indigenes of Ezza Inyimagu in Ekwulegu community, Izzi Local Government Area of the state, are traders… May 9, 2020 In "News" British actor, Idris Elba’s wife, Sabrina Dhowre has announced that she tested positive for coronavirus, few days after her husband tested positive for the same virus. In an interview with Oprah Winfrey through FaceTime for an episode of “Oprah Talks: COVID-19” on Apple TV, the couple explained their decision to… March 23, 2020 In "News" ….Aide Tests Positive, Isolated Abuja (Sundiata Post) - NATIONAL leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, yesterday, disclosed that his late Chief Security Officer, CSO, Lateef Raheem, died of complications from the coronavirus but added that he and his wife, Senator Oluremi, tested negative to the disease,… April 28, 2020 In "News"