By Justina Auta  Abuja  – The Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Pauline Tallen, on Monday urged lawmakers to enact laws and evolve polices that would ensure a safe society and end violence against women and girls. Tallen made the call in the ministry’s official twitter handle, @FMWA-ng in Abuja. She was reacting to the recent killings of Miss Uwaila Omozuwa and Miss Tina Ezekwe by yet-to-be-identified hoodlums and police respectively. Omozuwa, a 100-level Microbiology student of the University of Benin was killed after her attackers had raped her inside a church in Benin, while Ezekwe was allegedly shot dead by a policeman in Lagos. The minister decried the increase in sexual violence in homes across the country, stressing the need to urgently address the issue and ensure dependable security in the country. ‪”I condemn these horrific acts and call on our lawmakers to take emergency actions on this dastardly oppression that is suddenly on the increase. “The Ministry of Women Affairs is aware of how vulnerable Nigerian women are, and record of cases being reported indeed stirs rage. “We are working passionately to address these issues of violence and abuse against women in Nigeria, and are doing this from all angles – policies, legislature and regulations – to create a Nigerian society that is safe for every woman. Our goal is to build systems that are efficient and reliable,’’ the minister said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the UNWomen recently disclosed a rise in Gender Based Violence (GBV) in Lagos State with 300 per cent increase between March and April. The group also disclosed that in the FCT the increase was 520 per cent during the period, amid COVID-19 lockdown and other social measures put in place. (NAN) The Senate on Tuesday asked the relevant authorities to ensure stiffer punishments for rapists in the country. The red chamber took the decision following a motion on the increased cases of rape in Nigeria by Senator Sandy Onu. Onu had drawn the attention of his colleagues to the recent rape… June 2, 2020 In "News" •Vera Omozuwa BENIN - Killers of Vera Omozuwa, the 22-year-old student of microbiology of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), must be hunted down and brought to book, Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, ordered the police in the state, on Sunday. It is coming on the heels of an intensive manhunt… June 1, 2020 In "Metro" By Justina Auta Abuja - The United Nations on Wednesday donated N38.4 million for procurement of palliatives targeted at the vulnerable and indigent women across 14 states to cushion the hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Ms Comfort Lamptey, UN Women Country Representative to Nigeria and ECOWAS, made this known… May 6, 2020 In "Health"