Unidentified gunmen have killed a pharmacist Mr Sunday Ike, in Gwarimpa area of Abuja, PM News reports. He was shot in the head and robbed of his light blue Toyota Camry. The assailants struck Friday at 11.00p.m. at the victim’s shop located on 3rd Avenue, Gwarinpa, police said. P.M.News learnt that Ike was the CEO of Suncel Pharmacy in Abuja. The Police Public Relations Officer in the FCT, DSP Anjuguri Manzah, said a manhunt for the attackers has begun. Manzah issued this statement on behalf of the FCT Police Command: “Police operatives, who responded to a distress call on the incident, rushed the victim for medical attention at the Federal Medical Centre, Jabi, where he was later certified dead. “While commiserating with the family and friends of the deceased, the Commissioner of Police in Charge of FCT, Mr Bala Ciroma, assured that the perpetrators will be arrested and brought to justice,” he said. Manzah urged members of the public to support the police with useful information that would lead to the arrest of the assailants. He urged those with useful information to contact the FCT Police Command Control Room on 08032003913, 08061581938, 07057337653, or 08028940883. Source By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Police Command in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) says it has rescued and reunited a kidnapped student, Gift Abikor, 17 of the Federal Government College, Rubochi, with his family. A statement by DSP Anjuguri Manzah, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the FCT… February 2, 2020 In "News" Abuja  -   The acting Registrar, Medical Laboratory Science Council of Nigeria (MLSCN), Mrs Olufunke Omotuyi, has been murdered by suspected gunmen on Wednesday morning in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the incident took place at about 4 a.m. at her Apo residence in Abuja. The… June 8, 2016 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The FCT Police Command has arrested the Chief of Ushafa in Bwari Area Council, Alhaji Mohammed Baba, following the alleged killing of a police officer by a mob at his palace. The command Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Anjuguri Manzah disclosed this in a statement on… January 25, 2020 In "News"