By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  –  President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday met behind closed door with Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports the meeting which was at the instance of the governor, came ahead of the governorship primary election of the All Progressives Congress (APC), scheduled for June, 2020. Speaking to State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, Obaseki said he was in the Presidential Villa to formally intimate the president of his intention to seek re-election as governor of Edo on the platform of the All Progressive Congress (APC). The governor, who is believed to be at loggerhead with the APC National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiohmole, over his second term ambition, presented his Expression of Interest form to the president for blessing. “I came to see Mr President to formally inform him of my desire and intention to seek re-election as governor of Edo State on the platform of the APC in the forthcoming gubernatorial election. “As a father of the country, as our president I should not just assume or take things for granted – I have to come to inform him and solicit his support in my gubernatorial bid, and the president was quiet warm and quiet welcoming. “When I showed him my Expression of Interest form, he looked through it and teased me that he would not have to go through this again and wished me good luck and assured me of his support,’’ he said. On the political tussle in Edo, the governor stated that the crisis was being instigated from outside the state. Obaseki also described the political misunderstanding between him and Oshiohmole as very unfortunate, saying however that he was ready to reach a truce with all aggrieved members of the APC. “It is unfortunate that he (Oshiohmole) is taking the position he has taken. I believe that he was not properly guided. “I am his Governor and it is my responsibility to seek peace for my State and with all my citizens. “I will continue to strive for peace, I will continue to pursue peace, seek the interest of our people and I am open, that we should talk about how to move things forward. “The relationship is still frosty but I am doing all I can to try and make it warm just for the sake of Edo people. I am committed to whatever it will take to have peace and not to lose lives in Edo, within the law, whatever I can do that is constitutional, I will do,’’ he stated. According to the governor, he has the full support of his counterparts, all the governors elected on the platform of the APC, in line with the principles of the party, which encourages continuity. On the COVID-19 pandemic, the governor revealed that about 300,000 out of the targeted 500,000 indigenes of the state had so far been screened for Coronavirus disease. (NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday met with Edo Governor Godwin Obaseki at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Buhari’s Personal Assistant on New Media, Bashir Ahmad, confirmed via his Twitter handle. According to him: “President Muhammadu Buhari meets with Governor of Edo State, His Excellency, Godwin Obaseki this afternoon, at the Presidential… June 1, 2020 In "News" Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha, has drummed support for continuity of the All Progressives Congress, APC, leadership in Edo state. Aisha assured the candidate of the APC in the Edo State governorship election, Godwin Obaseki, of massive support from women in the state during the election in September. She… August 10, 2016 In "Politics" Adams Oshiomhole, national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), and Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo state, shook hands at the presidential villa in Abuja on Wednesday. The duo have been in the news in recent times over the crisis in the Edo house of assembly. See Oshiomhole versus Obaseki:… July 24, 2019 In "Top Stories"