A report by Vanguard has shown that about 48 hours after alleged shooting at the Presidential Villa, Aso Rock, Abuja, the First Lady, Dr. Aisha Buhari, on Saturday, said her security details arrested in connection with the Thursday incident had neither been released nor replaced. Aisha insinuated that the security details remained in detention despite her plea for their release, while they were not replaced, adding: “You don’t play with the protection of the First Family.” Meanwhile the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) asked President Muhammadu Buhari to speak out on the incident. There had been reports of shooting at the Villa, on Thursday, by some security officials in pursuit of a presidential aide who had allegedly refused to isolate for COVID-19 after travelling out of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The First Lady was said to have been infuriated by the aide’s action. The aide, according to sources, fled and it was in the process of stopping him that shots were fired. The incident apparently led to the arrest of Aisha’s security details on the orders of the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, as confirmed by the First Lady who demanded their release in a tweet. Speaking exclusively to Vanguard, last night, Aisha, through her spokesperson, said she was not aware of sporadic gunshots at the Villa. The Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the First Lady, Aliyu Abdullahi, said: “We are not aware if there were sporadic gunshots at the Villa. “What we gathered was that he (a presidential aide) was asked to go for self-isolation by security operatives in the Villa and he refused. They hinted the First Lady about the development. “If you remember vividly, when the daughter of the First Lady came from abroad, the First Lady insisted that her daughter should self-isolate for 14 days. She’s somebody who believes nobody should be above the law. “She wanted the presidential aide to abide by the guidelines of health officials. In other words, she is simply protecting her family. “The First Lady deserves to know why security operatives assigned to her were withdrawn. You don’t play with the protection of the First Family. “It calls for concern. Out of courtesy, the police should have explanation for it. There should never be vacuum in protection. Why did you withdraw and not replace them if they defaulted?” Source The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, has claimed that First Lady, Aisha Buhari, has chased Garba Shehu, President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Assistant on Media and Publicity out of Aso Rock. This comes after Reno Omokri, former aide to ex-president Goodluck Jonathan also claimed that Garba… May 13, 2020 In "Politics" •First Lady Aisha Buhari ABUJA - Some key aides attached to the First Lady, Hajiya Aisha Buhari, have reportedly been arrested by personnel of the Nigerian Police. PRNigeria gathered that the aides were said to have been taken away by unidentified security operatives. It was however, gathered that the reason… June 12, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - The wife of the President, Mrs. Aisha Buhari, has relocated to the Presidential Villa, Abuja, barely three weeks after President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration was inaugurated. Since they were inaugurated, Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have been operating from outside the Presidential Villa. This is despite the fact that… June 20, 2015 In "News"