Popular Nigerian comic actor, Chinedu Ikedieze alias Aki, has revealed why he will forever remain grateful to ex-President, Goodluck Jonathan. The thespian made this known in a recent interview he had with The Nation Newspaper. According to him, he noted that he will forever remain grateful to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan for honouring him with a Member of the Order of the Federal Republic (MFR). Aki said the revered national honour which was conferred on him in 2011 has been the greatest surprise he got in his life and career till date. Narrating how it all happened and how he felt, he said; “It was Aunty Peace Anyiam-Anyiam-Osigwe, the Chief Executive of the AFRICA MOVIE ACADEMY AWARDS (AMAA) who called me that time, sometime in 2010 and told me that I should send my profile and other materials. “There was a time she mentioned about the national award but my brother, that was the least thing I expected to consume. At that time I was like how much are my going to be getting from them to my little understanding then. I didn’t pay much attention to it but I submitted the information she required. “About some months later, somebody called me that I should go and check one of the national dailies that my name was shortlisted for the national award honors, and I was like how, to be honest I had forgotten that I submitted my credentials. “I ran quickly to go and get myself a copy of the paper and opened the page and I saw my name, I was no 144 on the category of member of the federal republic, I couldn’t believe it. “I will be forever grateful to Goodluck Ebele Jonathan for remembering us for the little things that we do, that we were able to change the narrative in the entertainment industry, it was bigger than I could chew. “I am so grateful and remain forever grateful for his gesture.” On when he realized he achieved fame, the actor and businessman said it was when he made his first million in the year 2003. In his words; “I couldn’t believe it, I knew that wow this happened, I am sorry I have to be honest I said okay so I have been doing something”. It could be recalled that in 2007, Aki received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the African Movie Academy Awards and subsequently in 2011, he was awarded the MFR for his immense contributions to Nollywood and to the economic growth of the country. Reported by The Nation  February 1, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday gave a matching order to the Coordinating Minister of the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala; the Governor Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emiefule and the Nigeria National Petroleum Cooperation (NNPC) to ensure an end to the fuel… March 4, 2015 In "News" Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign"