ABUJA – A former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, has said the party will suffer “dire consequences” in Edo State on account of the disqualification of Governor Godwin Obaseki by the APC screening panel. Odigie-Oyegun described the outcome of the screening as a hatchet job aimed at installing a stooge that will allow some people unfettered access to the Edo treasury. This was contained in a statement signed by his Media Adviser, Chief Ray Morphy, in Abuja, on Friday. The statement read in part, “While not a surprise, that disqualification is a clear indication that internal democracy has been murdered in APC, a party which we founded on the principles of fair play and good conscience! “I dare say that APC will suffer dire consequences in Edo State if this disqualification is not speedily reversed. “As a matter of fact, Oshiomhole is indeed the one who is guilty of anti-party (activities), not Obaseki. Oshiomhole is the one who is acting unconstitutionally not Obaseki. I hope that Oshiomhole will not go down in history as the undertaker of APC.” (Punch) By Yetti Bada Abuja - The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, on Thursday congratulated the Governor-elect of Edo, Godwin Obaseki, for his election victory. This is contained in a statement released to newsmen by Mr Edegbe Odemwingie, APC Assistant Director Publicity, in Abuja Odigie-Oyegun… September 30, 2016 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun has congratulated Mr. Godwin Obaseki on his emergence as the APC flag-bearer for the September 10, 2016 governorship election in Edo State following the Party’s June 18, 2016 governorship primaries held in the Edo State Capital,… July 11, 2016 In "Politics" Abuja -  The National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has reaffirmed that Mr Godwin Obaseki remained the party’s candidate for the Sept. 10 governorship poll in Edo. This followed the NWC’s adoption of the report of the party’s Appeals Committee on the governorship primary election conducted… July 11, 2016 In "News"