By ADELANI ADEPEGBA, Abuja Operatives of the Intelligence Response Team have arrested members of a kidnap syndicate, who allegedly killed three of their victims, after collecting N7.5 million ransom from their family members. The Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba, disclosed this in Abuja on Monday, while parading 26 suspects arrested for kidnapping, armed robbery, unlawful possession of firearms and other sundry offences. According to Mba, the kidnap syndicate had abducted one Dr Audu Benedict, his son, and a friend on their way to Abuja. While in captivity, the suspects were said to have contacted the families of their victims, who subsequently paid a total of N7 million to secure the abductees’ release. “Before the ransom was paid, the suspects had forced Benedict to raise a cheque of N500,000 which was successfully cashed,” the police said. Mba, however, regretted that the syndicate went ahead to kill their victims, notwithstanding the payment of ransom. He stated, “Among the suspects, we have a kidnap syndicate that specialises in terrorising people of the North Central zone. “A ransom of N7 million was paid by the family of Dr Audu Benedict, “While in captivity, the doctor also raised a cheque of N500,000, bringing the total to N7.5 million. “After collecting the ransom, they went ahead to kill the doctor, son, and family friend. He further disclosed that the gang also kidnapped one Veronica Aboyi, who was related to one of the suspects. Two of the suspects – Gwar Henry, and Bello admitted to the crime. The police said a total of six AK47 rifles, three pump-action rifles, and other weapons were recovered from the gang. Meanwhile, the police said they rescued a total of six children “stolen sometime last year”. (The PUNCH) By Olajide Idowu       Osogbo        -      The Osun Police Command on Tuesday announced the arrest of a 27 year-old man Isa Adamu, who allegedly conspired with others to kidnap and later murder his 55 vear-old father after collecting ransom from his family. The… September 5, 2018 In "Metro" Lokoja - Police in Lokoja have arrested 27 persons for alleged kidnapping and armed robbery in different parts of the state. The Kogi State Police Commissioner, Mr Yakubu Usman, paraded the suspects before newsmen on Friday in Lokoja. Usman said that one of them led his gang to kidnap a… April 8, 2016 In "Metro" By Joseph EdehAbuja,. -. The Police on Sunday said they had killed the suspected mastermind of the kidnap of the Board Chairman, Universal Basic Education Commission ( UBEC )and his daughter. Muhammed Mahmood and his daughter were kidnapped on April 29 around Katari Village, along the Kaduna-Abuja Highway and later… May 19, 2019 In "Metro"