Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has described as untrue reports in the media that there was celebration in the state over Tuesday’s Court of Appeal ruling which upheld the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as member of the All Progressives Congress and subsequent removal as National Chairman of the party. Governor Akeredolu said the report was masterminded by those he said believe the good relationship he had with the APC leadership would not serve their purposes. Akeredolu who spoke through his Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Donald Ojogo, said the report was mischievous. He stated that the report defied all logic as it had no photographs displaying where the said celebration took place in any parts of the state. Akeredolu said he has confidence in the APC National Working Committee and National Executive Committee at resolving all outstanding issues. The Ondo Governor said he would be disturbed if there are crisis within the APC. He said the sponsors of the write up aimed to create disaffection within the ranks of APC in the state. Akeredolu promised never to gag to press but maintained that such ‘report from the pit of hell would not be condoned.’ “The report of people celebrating in Ondo on Tuesday was untrue and mischievous. It is untrue.” The Nation •Governor Godwin Obaseki and Asiwaju Bola Tinubu ABUJA - Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State was in talks with the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, as part of his last-ditch effort to pick the party's ticket in the upcoming primaries in… May 31, 2020 In "Politics" By Victor Adeoti   Osogbo -  Ahead of the Sept. 22 governorship election in Osun, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and Mr Adams Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Thursday stormed Osogbo to flag-off the party’s campaign. Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the APC national leader, Gov.… September 6, 2018 In "Politics" Akure - President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday, called for the support of the governorship candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the Nov. 26 gubernatorial election in Ondo State. Buhari made this call stated at the Democracy Park, Akure, during the party’s mega campaign rally. “I am pleased with the… November 19, 2016 In "Politics"