By Stanley Nwanosike  Enugu  –  The Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO), an NGO, has appealed to the Federal Government to introduce scholarships to the highest scoring candidate in the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB’s). The CLO Chairman in Anambra, Mr Vincent Ezekwueme, made the call on Wednesday while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu. Ezekwueme said that such move would motivate more Nigerian students and youths to take their study and reading more seriously and put in their best. He, however, noted that the two best JAMB candidates both male and female were from Anambra. “CLO pleads with President Muhammadu Buhari to award scholarship to Miss Agnes Maduafokwa and Master David Nwobi, who took first and second positions respectively in just released JAMB examination results. “The outstanding and remarkable performances of the students deserved commendation, emulation and appreciation. “It is of prime importance to note that such award from our dear President will encourage hard work, motivate and influence other students. “The award, when given, will also inculcate in students and youths virtues of hardworking and voracious reading because rewards for hard work is success and fulfilling one’s life potentials,’’ the chairman said. Ezekwueme noted that the two candidates had brought respect, honour, glory and goodwill to the government and people of Anambra. NAN reports that it is on record that in 2019, Anambra won four laurels out of 24 contested during the Presidential Awards Organised by the Federal Ministry of Education. (NAN) By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) has advised youths to contribute positively to national development rather than be misguided by extreme fundamentalists fanning the embers of disunity. The Chairman of CLO Anambra State Chapter, Mr Vincent Ezekwueme, gave the advice while speaking with the News Agency… August 12, 2019 In "News" YOLA - In the best American tradition of funding university scholarships, American University of Nigeria board members, Mr Jon Freeman and Alhaji Tajuddeen Dantata, have chosen to honor one of their colleagues, Dr Enyantu Ifenne, by sponsoring two scholarships in her name for JAMB candidates entering AUN. The female candidate… June 1, 2014 In "News" The NNPC/SNEPCo National University Scholarship Programme 2017 application is currently ongoing. Details of the NNPC/SNEPCo scholarships application and closing date for submission have also been released by the providers of the scholarship. Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company Limited (SNEPCo), its co-venture partners and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC)… September 25, 2017 In "Education"