Seoul  – South Korea’s corporate bond sale posted a double-digit growth last month on the back of an all-time low policy rate, financial watchdog data showed Monday. The issuance of corporate bond reached 15.9 trillion won ($13.2 billion) in May, up 39.2 per cent from the previous month, according to the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS). It marked the first increase in three months as the country’s central bank cut its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to an all-time low of 0.50 per cent in May. Companies rushed to secure liquidity on worry about an economic fallout from the COVID-19 outbreak across the world. Bond sold by industrial companies advanced 16.5 per cent over the month to 4.9 trillion won ($4.1 billion) in May. Of the total, debts issued by companies with a credit rating of A or lower accounted for 18 per cent, up 13.5 percentage points from a month earlier. Bond issued by financial companies jumped 42.4 per cent in the cited month and the asset-backed securities (ABS) issuance more than tripled to 2.1 trillion won ($1.7 billion). The sale of primary collateralised bond obligation (P-CBO) took up 44.3 per cent of the total ABS issuance. The corporate equity financing, including initial public offering (IPO) and rights issuance, amounted to 172.4 billion won ($143.6 million) in May, more than tripling compared with the previous month. Meanwhile, the sale of short-term debenture, including commercial paper (CP), declined 5.8 per cent from a month earlier to 95 trillion won ($79.1 billion) in May. The issuance of CP, sold by industrial and financial companies, declined 17.2 per cent, but the sale of asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP), which securitises the project financing (PF) property loan as underlying asset, more than doubled last month. (Xinhua/NAN) (Sundiata Post) – Nigeria’s N6.5 trillion Pension Funds Industry is set to adopt International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), for preparing its financial statements, a move fraught with risk and benefits. Nigeria’s Pensions regulator PenCom and its Financial Reporting Council (FRC) has told Pension Fund Administrators (PFAs) that 2017 shall… August 25, 2017 In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Finance) – Fidelity Bank Plc sold the highest-yielding Eurobond from emerging markets this year, joining a rush for issuance before higher United States interest rates push up borrowing costs. The lender issued $400m of five-year securities with a 10.75 per cent yield on Wednesday, Bloomberg quoted… October 13, 2017 In "News" By Kevin Crowley AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. will be aided in its attempt to buy back a high-yield bond for cash as tumultuous market conditions are pushing investors to flee all but the safest of assets. The world’s third-largest gold mining company on Aug. 24 offered to purchase $810 million of… August 27, 2015 In "Business"