LOKOJA – Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdumumini Danga has thumbed his nose at those seeking his resignation from office following his ongoing investigation into the allegations of battery and rape levied against him by a beauty queen, Elizabeth Oyeniyi. Punch quoted the embattled commissioner as responding curtly: “Step down as how?” when its correspondent confronted him on whether he was considering resignation to enable the police to carry out proper investigation. Danga was in the eye of the storm after Oyeniyi called him out on social media, asking him to extend palliatives to his immediate family. Oyeniyi said the commissioner consequently sent some hoodlums after her and allegedly raped her at a hotel where she was whisked to. Danga was invited last Tuesday for questioning by the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, but was released on bail and asked to report back at a later date for further questioning. When pressed further on whether his resignation would allow the police carry out investigations without bias, he declined further comments. However, the state Commissioner for Information and Communication, Kingsley Fanwo, said Danga’s being in office would have no impact on the integrity of the investigations. “His being in office will have no impact on the integrity of the investigations. We trust the police to do a thorough job. But you will agree with me that it will be unfair to punish anyone who has not been found guilty,” Fanwo stated. (Punch) The Kogi Commissioner for Water Resources, Hon. Abdulmumuni Danga, who allegedly brutalized and raped a former beauty queen for calling him out on Facebook was called in for questioning. However, there has been pressure from the state governor and others in the political class to pervert justice, Segun Awosanya has… June 3, 2020 In "Politics" •Abdulmumuni Danga LOKOJA - Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has ordered the suspension of Mr Abdulmumuni Danga, Commissioner for Water Resources in the state, who allegedly assaulted and raped a lady over a Facebook post. Sources revealed to SaharaReporters that the governor has also ordered an accelerated investigation into… April 3, 2020 In "News" Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has ordered a thorough investigation into allegations of battery and sexual assault against his Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdulmumin Danga, by one, Elizabeth Oyeniyi aka, Queen Nina. The lady is a 23-year-old single mother. Nina, over the weekend, was alleged to have posted unsavoury… April 2, 2020 In "News"