ABUJA – The family of one of the policemen killed by soldiers who set free an alleged Taraba State kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu,  from police custody, has expressed disappointment with the Attorney-General of the Federation, Mr Abubakar Malami (SAN), for sparing the alleged killer soldiers from charges. Speaking for the family in an interview with Saturday PUNCH on Friday, an elder brother to the deceased, Mr Andrew Ediale, described Malami’s removal of the soldiers’ names from the charges earlier filed against them alongside Hamisu as shameful and constituting a grave injustice. Andrew stated, “It’s terrible and horrible. It is a grave injustice. We are really not happy. It is like opening up the wound all over again. When you expect something of this magnitude, you expect justice to really prevail and you see this disappointment on the side of the government. It’s a shame. We are unhappy.” Hamisu, also known as Wadume, was allegedly assisted to escape on August 6, 2019, by soldiers attached to Battalion 93, Takum, led by Captain Tijjani Balarabe after the police team which arrested him came under attack from the troops. Three policemen and two civilians were killed during the incident while five police officers were injured. The dead included Inspector Mark Ediale, 36; Sgt. Dahiru Musa, 40; Owolabi Babajide, 24; Farouk Bashir, 30; and Usman Danazumi, 44. The police filed terrorism charges against Wadume along with the soldiers and policemen involved the kidnapping and attack on cops who arrested Wadume. But the AGF, who took over the case from the police on June 3, 2020, subsequently removed the names of the soldiers from the charges. Malami removed the names of the soldiers from the charges despite a pending order of Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court in Abuja issued on March 16, 2020 compelling the Army authorities to produce them in court for arraignment. The Ediale family who has already briefed human rights lawyer, Mr Femi Falana (SAN), to help them to seek redress over the killing of their son, said on Friday that justice must be done. (Punch) •Abubakar Mallam, AGF and Minister of Justice ADELANI ADEPEGBA writes on the alleged involvement of 10 soldiers in the killing of policemen, who were assigned to arrest a kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu, in Taraba State, and the statements made by the soldiers at the sitting of the joint investigation panel… June 11, 2020 In "Features" By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - The Federal Government on Monday, arraigned alleged Taraba kidnap kingpin, Bala Hamisu (aka Wadume), and six other defendants on 13 counts bordering on terrorism. When the matter was called, the prosecuting counsel, Mr Shuiabu Labaran prayed the court to have the charge read to the… June 9, 2020 In "News" •Hamisu Wadume and Gbenga Adebowale By Molly Kilete, Abuja Hamisu Wadume, the controversial kidnapper who caused the untimely death of five officers of the IGP, Intelligence Team (IRT), in Taraba State last week was a fish trader before venturing into the kidnapping. The young man who traded in both fresh… August 14, 2019 In "Interview"