Legendary Fuji Musician, Adewale Ayuba, on Tuesday paid tribute to the late reggae musical icon, Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly known as Majek Fashek who died June 1, at 57. Ayuba described Fashek as an epitome of love during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, while reacting to the Rainmaker’s death. He said Fashek had left indelible memories in the mind of his fans as he took the reggae music to a higher level while alive. “Majek Fashek’s death is a great loss to the nation and the world at large, he will be greatly missed. “He was an epitome of love, considering my personal encounter with him and several projects we have handled together even beyond the shores of this country. “He was such a kind and loving person who does not hold grudges, I have never sighted him fighting any artiste or being unhappy about any artiste’s success rather he showed love to everyone. “Fashek should be called love because he is an epitome of love, he wished everyone well and never quarreled with anyone. “We cannot talk about the growth of the entertainment industry without mentioning Majek Fashek, he is one of the musicians who has taken nation’s culture beyond the shores of the nation,” he said. Ayuba urged Nigerian artists to emulate Fashek’s virtue of love and show love to one another. He said Fashek was a creative musician who never took after the Jamaican kind of reggae music as everyone understood whatever he says in his music. He, however, called on the Federal Government to immortalise the reggae musical icon along with most of the late legendary musicians like Ayinde Barrister and Victor Olaiya. According to him, this was necessary because the musical legends had contributed meaningfully to the growth of Nigeria’s entertainment industry. Source By Oladapo Udom   Lagos   -      Renowned musicians: Majek Fashek, Tony Okoroji, Orits Wiliki and others have said that the late reggae artist, Ras Kimono, has continued to live in the minds of his fans. They said this had continued to manifest through the great messages that… August 24, 2018 In "Entertainment" •Late reggae icon Majek Fashek ABUJA - Nigerian music icon and reggae king Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly called Majek Fashek, is dead. He was 57. His death was confirmed by his manager Omenka Uzoma, on the late singer’s official Instagram handle. “Today been having pressure calls, well it is true that… June 2, 2020 In "News" Abuja - Charlie Boy, friends and close associates of ailing Nigerian artiste, Majek Fashek, on Monday, paid him a solidarity visit at a rehabilitation centre in Abuja. Members of the group included an American-based Nigerian Artist, Monica Swaida, and Dr Vincent Udenze, the Medical Director of Synapse Services in Abuja.… August 10, 2015 In "News"