By Joyce Remi-BabayejuIn a bid to control the spread of Coronavirus in the country, the National Institute of Pharmaceutical Research and Development, NIPRID, has promised to sanction anyone found selling fake hand sanitizers to the general public.NIPRID in an advisory said that the agency under the Federal Minister of Health has conducted a study on the quality of hand sanitizers in the Federal Capital Territory, FCT , and found out most of the products are below the NAFDAC standard making it substandard for use.The agency in an advisory signed by the Director Information, Media and Public Relations of the Federal Ministry of Health to wholesale and retailers of hand sanitizers cautioned that only NAFDAC registered hand sanitizers should be sold to the public as offenders will be brought to book.The agency said that in it’s findings the following were some of their findings:63.33% of the samples had less than the 60% alcohol content advertised on their packaging; 76.67% of the samples failed to meet the pH criterion for tropical products; 50% of the samples did not have NAFDAC certification number; and 26.67% of the samples were without manufacturing and expiration dates on their packaging. In the same vein it said,” ” the public ensure that you purchase only hand sanitizers with NAFDAC registration number” , nothing that using substandard products will not stop the spread of Coronavirus.The agency urged citizens to report the sighting poorly labelled hand sanitizer without NAFDAC registration number to call the NAFDAC care line on 0700-1 NAFDAC (0700-1-623322.It assured the publicThe agency further assured the public that the Government through the relevant agencies is determined to stop the exploitation of the COVID-19 pandemic by preventing the production and sale of unwholesome and sub-standard products, including hand sanitizers, to the unsuspecting public. The Anambra State police command has arrested four fake health officers with fake and adulterated sanitizers in Onitsha, the commercial city of the state. In a statement released, the spokesperson of the state police command, SP Haruna Mohammed, said the suspects were arrested on March 31st. ''On the 31/3/2020 at… April 2, 2020 In "Health" By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja, March 21, 2020 (NAN) The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) on Saturday debunked rumours that its staff has tested positive to coronavirus. Mr Abdullahi Ismaila, Director, Communications and Liaison Department, said this in a statement obtained by News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. He said… March 21, 2020 In "News" By Vivian Emoni Abuja - Some FCT residents on Monday complained over fake hand sanitizers and the adverse effects after using them. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent, who interviewed the residents around Jikowoyi area in the FCT, gathered that some of the sanitizers the residents bought from different… April 6, 2020 In "News"