By Chimezie Anaso Awka – The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) on Wednesday issued Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) Certificates to 11 manufacturing firms in Anambra. Mr Osita Aboloma, the Director-General of SON, made the presentation of the certificates to the companies in Awka. He said the certification meant that the companies were fit to produce for the Nigerian market as well as the global market in the range of products. Aboloma, who was represented by Mr Olalekan Omoniyi, the Coordinator of SON in Anambra, said that consumers could now patronise those products with optimal confidence. According to him, the event is to recognise the companies for their doggedness and excellence in production, and to award the SON MANCAP certification mark to their products. “With the award of MANCAP, we at SON are demonstrating how standardisation and conformity to standards offer strategic opportunity for increased efficiency, safety and benchmarks. “The award helps to promote made-in-Nigeria goods to the international market. It is expected to boost their brands within and across the border; they are fit to be used in Nigeria and beyond. “But let me remind the awardees that the certificates are on loan and could be recalled with attendant penalty, if any of the conditions attached is violated,” he said. The companies that received the certificates included Crescent Group of Companies Ltd, SNF Foods Ltd, Ashango C. Okoro and Coy Ltd, Sunness Craft Ventures Ltd, Eatank Resource Ltd, and Chumpee Global Resources. Others were Capitol Super Aluminum Products Ltd, Comag Industries Ltd, Obinaco Aluminum Products Ltd, Emic Foam and Allied Industries, and Beta Cosmetics Manufacturing Co. Ltd. He further said the agency was working with local producers of ventilators and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), to ensure products’ standards and standardisation. The director-general noted that the organisation would ensure that the products conform to acceptable standards, to save lives. He said the organisation was working round the clock to ensure that Nigerian consumers were protected from unwholesome products. The director-general stated that there was the need to ensure that minimum industrial standards were maintained. Abaloma lamented the disruptive effect of the coronavirus pandemic on businesses across the globe. He noted that in spite the lockdown due to the coronavirus outbreak in the country, the Federal Government allowed some categories of firms to produce and circulate products to Nigerians. Mr Chukwuma Otubelu, Managing Director, Herd Foams Ltd, said it was not easy to meet the standard requirements, and thanked God that his company was able to earn the certification. He assured his customers of sustained quality of products, urging government to help local manufacturers to remain in business, by increasing access to cheap foreign exchange, to import components. (NAN) By Abiodun Esan Ilorin -   Mr Osita Anthony Aboloma, the Managing Director, Standard Organisation of Nigeria (SON), has called on manufacturers of lubricants to ensure their products meet the Nigerian Industrial Standard. Aboloma made the call on Tuesday night in Ilorin while presenting SON certificate of Mandatory Conformity Assessment… September 13, 2017 In "News" By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos -  The BUA Sugar Refinery has received the revalidation of the Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) product quality certificate of the Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) for its refined white sugar. BUA Sugar Refinery is a subsidiary of BUA Group of Companies. Mr Osita Aboloma, the… March 27, 2018 In "Business" By Mohammad Tijjani Kaduna -   The Standard Organistion of Nigeria (SON) on Tuesday issued certificates of Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) to six companies in Kaduna State. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the six companies are Alucia Blocks and Concrete Industry, Ganima Bread Ventures, Kabir Food Production… December 18, 2018 In "Business"