…As Senate Adjourns Plenary Till June 23, 2020 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate on Thursday confirmed the appointment of 42 Ambassadors-designate. This was just as the Upper Chamber confirmed the nomination of James Jiya John Kolo as Commissioner of the Federal Character Commission. The Special Assistant (Press) to President of the Senate, Ezrel Tabiowo disclosed this on Thursday in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja. The Confirmation of the nominees was sequel to the consideration of the reports of the Senate Committees on Foreign Affairs; and Federal Character and Inter-Governmental Affairs. President Muhammadu Buhari in letter dated May 6, 2020, said the appointment of the nominees was in accordance to section 171 (1),(2)(c) and subsection (4) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended. The Ambassadors-designate confirmed by the Senate are: C.O Nwachukwu, Abia; A. Kafas, Adamawa; R. U. Brown, Akwa-Ibom; G. A. Odudigbo, Anambra; O. C. Onowu, Anambra; Y. S. Suleiman, Bauchi; E S. Agbana, Bayelsa; B. B. M. Okoyen Bayelsa; G. M. Okoko Benue; A. M. Garba, Borno; M. l. Bashir, Bomo; M. O. Abam, Cross River; A. E. Allotey, Cross River; G. E. Edokpa, Edo; and A. N. Madubuike, Enugu. Others are: Adamu Lamuwa, Gombe; Mr. Innocent A. lwejuo, lmo; M. S. Abubakar, Jigawa; Y. A. Ahmed, Jigawa; S. D. Umar, Kaduna; A. Sule, Kano; G. Y. Hamza, Kano; N. Rimi, Katsina; L S. Ahmed-Remawa, Katsina; M. Manu, Kebbi; l. R. Ocheni, Kogi; l. A. Yusuf, Kogi; M. Abdulraheem, Kwara; Mrs. W. A. Adedeji, Lagos; and A. U. Ogah, Nasarawa. Also among career Ambassadors-designate confirmed are: A. A. Musa, Niger; N. A. Kolo, Niger; S. O. Olaniyan, Ogun; A. R. Adejola, Ogun, E. Awe Ondo; O. Aluko, Osun; I. A. Alatishe, Osun; V. A. Adeleke, Oyo; M. S. Adamu, Plateau; l. N. Charles, Rivers; Z M. lfu, Taraba; and B. B. Hamman, Yobe. Meanwhile, the Senate on Thursday adjourned plenary till Tuesday, June 23, 2020. The announcement was made by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, after the adoption of the Votes and Proceedings for Thursday, June 11, 2020. Abuja  - he Senate has directed its Committee on Foreign Affairs to investigate alleged omission of Bayelsa State from the list of ambassadorial nominees. The directive followed a Point of Order raised by Sen. Emmanuel Paulker (PDP-Bayelsa Central) at plenary on Tuesday. The lawmaker said his attention was drawn to… June 14, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Abiemwense Moru Abuja -  The House of Representatives on Tuesday called on Acting President Yemi Osinbajo to swear in the two ministerial nominees recently approved by the Senate. It said that the ministers-designate were from Kogi and Gombe state. The call was sequel to a motion brought under matters… July 12, 2017 In "Politics" By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - The Federal High Court Abuja will, on Monday, deliver its ruling in a suit, seeking to stop President Muhammadu Buhari from inaugurating the 43 ministerial nominees over the exclusion of an FCT indigene from his cabinet list. The applicant, Mr Musa Baba-panya, who was also… August 15, 2019 In "News"