Nigerians have taken to their social media pages to troll Cynthia Morgan, just after Davido had announced he will be changing his number. A while ago, Davido had asked Cynthia Morgan to call him after her explosive interview revealing what transpired between herself and her former record label and how she lost so much, fell ill but is ready to return to the music industry. The tweet quickly went viral and Cynthia Morgan also thanked Davido for helping her out, while also thanking her former label boss, Jude Okoye. Davido who recently sustained a leg injury confining him to crutches shared on his social media page that he would be changing his number as he has been putting others first in his life for so long, he need to concentrate on himself. He wrote; “Pls understand…. see you when i drop ABT “I’ve put pple before me… I think it’s time to actually live my life and take care of myself. I’ve changed my number! I needed some cleansing to do” This announcement has led Nigerians to troll Cynthia Morgan who they claim will be anxious right now seeing the update from Davido. See Some Reactions To The Post Below; Cynthia Morgan has written an open letter to clear the air following the back and forth that resulted from an interview she granted, claiming her career came to a halt after she signed with Northside Entertainment. Cynthia claimed during her initial interview that the contract restricted her from using her… May 28, 2020 In "Entertainment" We reported earlier today that Nigerian Cynthia Morgan made some revelation about why she disappeared from the limelight. The singer became the number one trending topic on Twitter after she disclosed how she went into depression caused by issues she had with the CEO of her former record label 'Northside… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerian pop star Davido opened up on why he decided to assist embattled rapper Cynthia Morgan, despite being rude to him in the past. The dancehall rapper was in the news days back after she appeared on an Instagram Live chat, where she revealed that her former record label boss,… May 26, 2020 In "Entertainment"