According to The PUNCH, eighteen members of the All Progressives Congress National Working Committee loyal to the party’s sacked National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, on Thursday, insisted that the APC National Executive Committee meeting attended by the President, Muhammadu Buhari, was illegal. The NWC members, who said this in a statement signed by the acting National Chairman, Hillard Eta, and the acting National Secretary, Waziri Bulama, stated that they were consulting their lawyers and other stakeholders on the dissolution of the NWC and other decisions taken at the NEC meeting on Thursday. They insisted that the NEC meeting was illegally convened by the suspended Deputy National Secretary of the party, Victor Giadom. A few hours after the NWC was dissolved at the instance of Buhari, the 18 members dared the President and others at the NEC meeting by issuing a statement where they referred to themselves as officials of the party. Source Members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) national working committee (NWC) loyal to Adams Oshiomhole, suspended national chairman of the party, have rejected the invitation to attend the national executive committee (NEC) convened by Victor Giadom. Giadom had picked the presidential villa as the venue of the meeting, saying only… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" Banners displaying the pictures of the embattled chairman of the All Progressive Congress, APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole at the party secretariat in Abuja, have been removed. The billboard with the picture of President Muhammadu Buahri and Oshiomhole, at the entrance of the party secretariat has also been replaced. It was… March 12, 2020 In "News" Members of the pro-Adam Oshiomole National Working Committee (NWC) have resolved to take legal action over the resolution of the National Executive Committee (NEC) to dissolve the national leadership of the party. NEC had during an emergency virtual meeting resolved among other things to dissolve the national leadership, setting up… June 25, 2020 In "News"