The shooting at the Presidential Villa involving Usman Shugaba, the Aide-de-Camp to the First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari, and other security agents attached to her will top the agenda of the police management team meeting today (Monday). It was gathered in Abuja on Sunday that the First Lady’s security aides would face a panel that would be set up by the leadership of the police. It was also learnt the affected security aides would not be restored to the wife of the President following their involvement in an altercation with a personal assistant and nephew of the President, Sabiu Yusuf, also known as Tunde, last Thursday, at the Presidential Villa. The trouble started on Thursday night, when the President’s wife and three of her children Zahra, Halima and Yusuf as well as some of her security aides, led by Shugaba, stormed the residence of Yusuf at House 8 by the Pilot Gate of the Presidential Villa. They insisted that Yusuf, who had just returned from Lagos, should proceed on self-isolation for 14 days, to save the President and his family from the danger of COVID-19. Yusuf had visited his wife, who was recently delivered of a baby in Lagos. The situation worsened when the First Lady’s ADC, in his attempt to apprehend Yusuf allegedly released some gunshots on the premises. Following the gunshots, Yusuf ran away and took refuge in the nearby house of his uncle, Mamman Daura, also Buhari’s nephew. The IGP, a report further stated, after receiving security report at the Presidential Villa, ordered the arrest of the ADC to the First Lady and other security aides, who accompanied her to Yusuf’s residence. Besides the ADC, a chief superintendent of police, others arrested were the escort commander, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Sheriff Kazeem, who is the son of ex-IG, Hafiz Ringim, and four riot policemen who were at the scene of the incident. The operatives are being held since Friday morning. Source The Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has ignored cries by the wife of the President, Aisha Buhari, to release her aides who are in custody. This is just as children of the President Muhammadu Buhari have declared war on the Private Secretary to the President, Yusuf Sabiu, aka Tunde,… June 15, 2020 In "Politics" A report by Vanguard has shown that about 48 hours after alleged shooting at the Presidential Villa, Aso Rock, Abuja, the First Lady, Dr. Aisha Buhari, on Saturday, said her security details arrested in connection with the Thursday incident had neither been released nor replaced. Aisha insinuated that the security… June 14, 2020 In "News" •First Lady Aisha Buhari ABUJA - Some key aides attached to the First Lady, Hajiya Aisha Buhari, have reportedly been arrested by personnel of the Nigerian Police. PRNigeria gathered that the aides were said to have been taken away by unidentified security operatives. It was however, gathered that the reason… June 12, 2020 In "News"