The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board and Heads of Tertiary Institutions are expected to announce cut-off marks and other guidelines for the 2020/2021 Admission exercise today. The exam body and institution heads are holding the 2020 Policy Meeting of tertiary institutions virtually at present in Abuja. During the meeting, the Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, told the heads of institutions not to reopen without the approval of the Federal Government. He also listed conditions for the reopening of schools and tertiary institutions in Nigeria. Before the meeting, JAMB apologised for its inability to stream the policy meeting on social media. It tweeted, “The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board apologises to the general public that there would be no live streaming of its 2020 Policy Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, June 16, 2020, on the Board’s Facebook page due to security reasons. The Board deeply regrets any inconveniences for the sudden change.” However, in its bulletin, JAMB said, “Compliance with this directive has become imperative as no fewer than 4,000 Heads of Tertiary Institutions comprising Degree, Diploma, NCE, and NID-awarding institutions and other stakeholders would normally be expected to congregate at a location but because of extant protocols, they would now be expected to participate in the virtual meeting. “The meeting will discuss critical issues bordering on the advances made in the educational sector in the last one year in addition to setting the tone for the 2020/2021 Admission exercise. “The meeting will also chart policy directions for the nation’s tertiary institutions, set admission guidelines, and make a holistic review of application statistics, performance as well as evaluate the 2019 admissions exercise. “The meeting, in addition to other deliberations, would take a stand on concessional and acceptable minimum admissions standards to be applied in all admissions to be undertaken by all tertiary institutions in Nigeria.” Source By Abiemwense Moru Abuja -  The House of Representatives has mandated its Committee on Tertiary Education and Services to investigate the circumstances surrounding the reduction of cut-off mark for admitting candidates into tertiary institutions. This followed a motion by Rep. Hassan Saleh (Benue-APC) on the “Need to Investigate the Reduction… October 3, 2017 In "News" The management of the University of Ibadan has declared the cut-off mark for the premier institution remains 200 as against 160 agreed on by the Joint Admissions Matriculation Board (JAMB) and stakeholders of higher institutions. JAMB announced on Tuesday that cut-off mark for admission into federal universities will be 160… June 15, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), has des­cribed as unnecessary the controversies over the reduction of cut-off marks for 2017 admission exercise in­to tertiary institut­ions by stakeholders at its policy meeti­ng. Rather than criticis­ms, JAMB said Nigerians should be concer­ned about how to add­ress the… August 27, 2017 In "Top Stories"