By Solomon Asowata Lagos –   Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) has announced that it would be effecting the upward review of the electricity tariff from July 1. Mr Godwin Idemudia, General Manager, Corporate Communications, EKEDC, made the announcement in a statement issued on Friday in Lagos. Idemudia said the review was aimed at projecting a service reflective tariff that would enable the company to invest heavily in its infrastructure and complaint resolution mechanisms. He noted that the company understood how inconvenient the timing might be, considering the ongoing pandemic, but appealed to customers that it was imperative to improve on the quality of its services. According to him, the new tariff will be strictly service reflective, as customers are expected to pay tariff, based on the electricity supply available to them. The general manager commended customers of EKEDC for their continued patronage and support, urging them to fulfil their obligations by paying their bills on time. He said that this would help the company provide better services, as more investments would be injected into the network for the improvement of power supply to customers under its operational network. (NAN) By Raji Rasak   Lagos  -    The Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) says it will ensure uninterrupted power supply within its operational territory throughout the Eid-El-Fitr holidays. Mr Godwin Idemudia, the General Manager, Corporate Communications of EKEDC, gave the assurance in a statement in Lagos. “We are aware of high… June 13, 2018 In "News" By Raji Rasak Lagos - The management of Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) on Tuesday assured its customers of steady power supply in spite of shutting its offices outlets in Lagos and Ogun state. Mr Godwin Idemudia, the General Manager, Corporate Communications Unit, EKEDC, said this in a statement in… March 31, 2020 In "News" By Raji Rasak Lagos - The Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) on Friday said it had inaugurated 18 intervention projects between February and July 2019. Its General Manager, Corporate Communications, Mr Godwin Idemudia, made this known in a statement made available to newsmen in Lagos. Idemudia said the projects were… August 16, 2019 In "News"