ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari is unhappy with the current state of the security situation in the country. Disclosing this to State House Correspondents on Thursday, after a security briefing, the National Security Adviser (NSA), Maj. Gen. Babagana Monguno (Rtd.), said the President had charged managers of the nation’s security to redouble their efforts. According to Monguno, the President said, though the security chiefs had been doing their best, their best had not been good enough for the challenges facing the nation. He has therefore declared that excuses will no longer be tolerated, even as he said he expects everyone to live up to expectations. He also expressed displeasure over the lack of synergy amongst security forces and charged the various aspects of the security architecture to work together to solve the nation’s security challenges. He said the President charged the office of the NSA to meet with governors of the Northwest states and that of Niger State, for briefing and strategic organisation of a response to the banditry problem in their domains. Details shortly… (The Nation) By Ismaila Chafe https://youtu.be/Ley8l9r3v3U Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja held a closed-door meeting with security chiefs and the Minister of Defence, retired Brig.-Gen. Mansur Dan-Ali, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that President Buhari, who presided over the meeting which… August 2, 2018 In "Top Stories" Maiduguri - Retired Maj.-Gen. Babagana Monguno, the National Security Adviser (NSA), said on Friday, that the Nigerian Armed Forces were poised to end the insurgency in the North East. Monguno made the remark during a courtesy visit to Gov. Kashim Shettima of Borno at the Government House, Maiduguri. He said… August 14, 2015 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday ordered heads of security agencies to deal ruthlessly with bandits, kidnappers and other  criminals. It was at an extra-ordinary meeting at the State House, Abuja, where security strategies were reviewed. Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) Gen. Gabriel Olonisakin briefed State House reporters… April 12, 2019 In "Top Stories"