Abakaliki  –  Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has openly acknowledged the existence of moles in his government but insisted that his administration had nothing to hide. Umahi’s position is contained in a social media comment posted on Sunday. He was reacting to a post by a WhatsApp group participant accusing the former Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Bernard Odoh, of “unholy alliance with a particular incumbent governor of a South-Eastern state”. Umahi, who reiterated his earlier warning that government appointees should not castigate another governor or other officials, urged his critics to visit the Ebonyi government’s information website for information they needed. “Those who want to betray me will end up fighting the wind as there is nothing to betray except, may be, a display of ingratitude to God. “Those who sit on the fence in defending their government will definitely receive the same reward whenever they need defence from government. “Anyone who supports him (Odoh) or his betrayal will also get betrayed especially at a time of his or her greatest need,” Umahi said. Umahi, while challenging the moles in his government to send his post to whoever they cared, described the said governor as his friend “even before now”. “Whenever someone becomes a governor, he is no more the property of any one else other than God and the people,” he said. He enjoined his supporters to leave the said governor or the ruling party at the federal level out of any accusation, insisting that Odo was not in the mentioned state’s government house as alleged by the WhatsApp group participant. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the Ebonyi government had been having a running battle with the former SSG over the disbursement of the small and medium scale agricultural fund in 2016. State government officials and Odoh’s supporters have resorted to the social media to air their views and, in most cases, cast aspersions on one another over the panel of inquiry set up by the government to investigate the disbursement. They have also traded accusations over the petition written by Odo to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), urging the anti-graft body to investigate the disbursements. (NAN) Like every politician, Dave Umahi, Governor of Ebonyi State, means different things to different persons. Ask some of his opponents, they will tell you that he is a wily, ruthless operator who spares to time dealing with opponents. But to his admirers, he is God-sent; a very effective leader, under… February 6, 2019 In "Opinion" • Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi One thing that is not in short supply since Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi assumed office in 2015 is his generosity in creating political offices and appointing people into them. Sources said the Umahi administration, which is in its fifth year, has rolled out… December 22, 2019 In "Politics" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki  -    The Ebonyi Government says it will launch a massive war against cultism in August in order to rid the state entirely of cultists. Gov. David Umahi said this on Tuesday in Abakaliki during the launch of the state’s new security outfit, code-named ‘Neigbourhood watch’.… July 18, 2017 In "News"