Award winning singer, David Adeleke aka Davido has disclosed that he has just changed his phone number and he is on the path to start a new life. In an emotional message to his fans, the ‘risky’ crooner lamented on how he has always put people before himself all his life, stating that it is time for him to concentrate solely on himself. He also announced that he has changed his number and advised his friends not to bother reaching him. In His Words; “If you can’t reach me, don’t reach me!!! I’ll contact you. All my life I’ve put people before me. It’s time to actually live my life and take care of myself. I’ve changed my number. I needed some cleansing to do y’all”. This is coming just after one of his artistes Peruzzi was called out by a lady for allegedly raping her. The lady identified as Princess alleged that the singer raped her while she accompanied her friend, who was dating Peruzzi at the time, on a visit to the singer’s house. She Wrote; “For so long I’ve kept this to myself but I have decided to speak out due to the boldness of Daffy Blanco & other rape victims. Let’s expose these rapist for who they are, they have no right to take advantage of us. #SayNoToRape #SayNoToRapist #SurvivingPeruzzi So one time in 2012, I can’t really remember the date and the month But I accompanied a friend “Aisha” to 1004. And as at then, I think she had a thing with Peruzzi, I accompanied her there, we spent a night that day and I happened to stay in the same room with Aisha and Peruzzi”. Source Nigerian singer, Tobechukwu Victor Okoh, also known as Peruzzi, has been accused of rape again. The first noted accusation of rape against Peruzzi came from a UK-based singer, Daffy Blanco. Blanco said she didn’t press charges against Peruzzi because of DMW lawyer she identified as Bobo. However, another lady identified… June 3, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerians have taken to their social media pages to troll Cynthia Morgan, just after Davido had announced he will be changing his number. A while ago, Davido had asked Cynthia Morgan to call him after her explosive interview revealing what transpired between herself and her former record label and how… June 4, 2020 In "Entertainment" Peruzzi’s rape accuser, Daffy Blanco, has spilled more details of the incident she claimed occurred over a year ago. In a recent interview with Kiss FM OAPs Dami and Imma, Daffy Blanco stated that she “clicked” with the DMW act the first day they met. According to her, Peruzzi came… February 5, 2020 In "Metro"