SUPPORTERS of an All Progressive Congress (APC) aspirant in the September 19 governorship election in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, are confident he will clinch the party’s ticket. The supporters, under the aegis of Etuno Rebirth Group, a community-based group pushing for the development of Edo State, say Ize-Iyamu will emerge the APC flagbearer during the party’s shadow poll billed for June 22. In a statement signed by the group’s President and Secretary, Bello Mudashiru and Balogun Segun respectively, it described Ize-Iyamu as harbinger of hope and unity. It said the aspirant has shown that he is a sportsman willing to play by the rules and accept collective results, irrespective of personal preferences. The group said: “In a matter of months, the people of Edo State will be heading to the polls again to participate in an election that has gained added importance in light of global events such as COVID-19 that bear local consequences, and unique challenges that continue to confront our people in their collective aspiration for a life of abundance, security and dignity. “The times we are in call for desperate, but measured interventions. And unless we elect a leader who inspires hope, not fear; a leader who rallies the people, not divide them; a leader who displays a heightened ability of restraint and responsibility, not reckless and frivolous actions – we may not be able to meet, and surmount, these challenges.” The Nation By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday said the crisis rocking the party in Edo will end when the nomination for the governorship candidate is done. Ize-Iyamu told newsmen in Benin that whoever would emerge as a party’s candidate… January 28, 2020 In "Politics" The coast is now clear for Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu to contest for the governorship ticket of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State as the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party on Thursday night granted him a waiver to participate at the party’s primary. The committee also… May 22, 2020 In "Politics" A leading governorship aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has described as illogical, the argument put forward by Governor Godwin Obaseki to support his preference for indirect mode of governorship primary election on June 22. He insisted that the direct… June 9, 2020 In "Politics"