Tears and emotions flowed as Ibidunni, the late wife of Lagos-based preacher and founder of Trinity House, Pastor Ituah Ighodalo, was buried on Saturday afternoon. The PUNCH had earlier reported that the remains of Ibidunni would be laid to rest on Saturday at a private residence. At the funeral service aired live via the church’s social media platforms and monitored by The PUNCH was Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, who represented Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State. Also present was Pastor Idowu Oluyomade, Personal Assistant to the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye. Adeboye had earlier said the late businesswoman is in a better place. “Hearing the news of Ibidunni Ighodalo’s demise was really saddening but I know that she is in a better place right now. I pray that the Almighty himself will comfort the family of Pastor Ituah Ighodalo in Jesus name,” he wrote on Facebook. Ibidunni died on Sunday, 14 June 2020 of suspected cardiac arrest while in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital, where she had gone to work. •The late Mrs Ibidunni Ighodalo ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Ighodalo and Olaleye Ajayi families have expressed profound sadness over the death of their daughter and daughter-in-law, Mrs Ibidunni Ighodalo, an ex-beauty queen, who died suddenly on Sunday (today) in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. She was the wife of a popular… June 14, 2020 In "News" Governor BabaJide SanwoOlu paid a condolence visit to Pastor Itua Ighodalo on the passing of his wife Ibidunni Ighodalo. Ibidunni died on Sunday of apparent cardiac arrest in her hotel room in Port Harcourt, Rivers. Speaking after his visit to the family, Sanwo-Olu said he was shocked when he received… June 15, 2020 In "News" •The late Mrs Ibidun Ighodalo ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Mrs Ibidun Ighodalo (nee Ajayi), a former beauty queen is dead, aged 40. SundiataPost learnt that Mrs Ighodalo apparently slumped and died on Sunday morning (today) in her hotel room in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State, where she had gone to help… June 14, 2020 In "News"