The Personal Assistant on New Media to President Muhammadu Buhari, Bashir Ahmad has revealed why Bola Ahmed Tinubu will not be attending the APC’s National Executive Committee meeting scheduled to hold on today. The NEC meeting was convened by acting national chairman of the party, Chief Victor Giadom, and rumours had claimed that the acting chairman banned Tinubu from attending the meeting, a claim that has turned out as false. Providing more answers, Bashir Ahmad tweeted that Tinubu will not be attending the meeting because he is not a member of the national executive committee of the party. He wrote: “There are some people who need to know that the National Leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is not a member of the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the Party, hence, he doesn’t attend the NEC Meetings. This is very clear!” Bashir’s statement is coming shortly after the NWC of the party alongside members of the party loyal to the Tinubu/Adams Oshiomole faction of the party declined to attend the virtual meeting with the President. On Wednesday evening, President Buhari declared support for Victor Giadom, backing him as the acting national chairman because ‘the law was on his side’ See his tweet below: There are some people who need to know that the National Leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is not a member of the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the Party, hence, he doesn’t attend the NEC Meetings. This is very clear! Source By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senator Bola Tinubu-led committee on “consultation, reconciliation and confidence - building” will today submit its interim report at the national caucus meeting at the presidential Villa ahead of the party’s National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting tomorrow.   Sundiata Post recalls that President… February 26, 2018 In "Top Stories" Banners displaying the pictures of the embattled chairman of the All Progressive Congress, APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole at the party secretariat in Abuja, have been removed. The billboard with the picture of President Muhammadu Buahri and Oshiomhole, at the entrance of the party secretariat has also been replaced. It was… March 12, 2020 In "News" GOVERNORS of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have been consulting President Muhammadu Buhari on his position regarding the controversial National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting of the party called for Tuesday. The state helmsmen are seeking to know the status of the meeting which many of them believe has been called… March 14, 2020 In "News"