Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senior Pastor of Holy Ghost Intervention Deliverance Ministry, Prophet Dr. Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere (Odumeje De Lion) has said that it is the continuous arrest and imprisonment of the members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra that escalates the agitation and called on federal government to change approach. Prophet Ohanaemere described the Biafra agitation as the outcome of the neglect and marginalisation of the South East geo-political zone. He stated that the igbos have paid the supreme price in Nigeria during the ill-fated 30 month aggression of 1967. Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere further called on the President Buhari led Federal Government to lift the proscription of IPOB as a terrorist organization and engaged the leaders and representatives of the group in a high powered roundtable discussion with a view to addressing the issues raised by the group. The Cleric bemoaned the continuous arrest and imprisonment of the members of the group and cautioned that such approach will only escalate the agitation. Prophet Odumeje further advised the Federal Government to maximize the ingenuity of the igbo youths and engaged them into productive ventures as they possess the skills to make the nation great if properly harnessed and positively utilised instead of been witch-hunted under the guise of ending Biafra agitation. He advised the Federal Government to give the south east zone a sense of belonging by ensuring equitable distribution of federal project in the neglected zone. Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje is unarguably one of the most talked about spiritual figures in Nigeria. His exotic approach to conducting miracle sessions has been the subject of huge debate that has led many to doubt his genuineness as a true man of God. However, Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje who used to… November 25, 2019 In "Metro" •Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere alias Odumeje ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) has asked the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele, to order the arrest of the controversial Onitsha-based maverick religious centre operator, the self-proclaimed Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere also known as ODUMEJE, “for… May 11, 2020 In "News" Popular Prophet, Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere alias Odumeje has thrown a 'resurrection challenge' to native doctors, saying there is only one power. In a video the prophet used to challenge native doctors all over Nigeria, he called them criminals, saying there is only one power, and that that power belongs to Jesus.… January 14, 2020 In "Metro"