UMUAHIA – The Abia State government has given the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) a seven-day ultimatum to remove all the offensive notices placed on some assets and estates of Abia State Government. The Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in Abia State, Chief Uche Ihediwa gave the ultimatum while briefing news men on the recent development in the State, where the EFCC sealed off some property purported to belong to a highly placed politician in the State. Chief Ihediwa demanded the EFCC to tender an unreserved apology to the State within seven days in view of the inconvenience its action has caused the State, failure of which the State would take appropriate redress in court. He explained that those assets marked by the EFCC belong to the State government, also that Abia government duly entered into partnership arrangements with credible investors for the development of those property under public private partnerships while the reversionary interest in the properties still resides in the State government. Chief Ihediwa informed that the law establishing the EFCC makes it clear that the Commission can only seal property of persons under investigation and noted that ownership of the property in question is not under investigation. He recalled that in 2016, the same EFCC investigated the ownership of most of those property and the certificates of occupancy and and public private partnership agreements between the State government and investors of the various assets. The Commissioner described the action of the EFCC as unwarranted and unlawful, regretting why the agency did not write the State government to find out the ownership of the said property whose title documents are domiciled in the State Ministry of Lands. He stated that the action of the EFCC has caused harm to the State economy by scaring investors from the State. The assets sealed by the EFCC include; The Abia Mall, the Adelabu Housing Estate, the former township main market at Ogwumabiri, the Millenium Luxury Apartment, Abia hotels and Linto estate, Old Timber Market, all in Umuahia. By Adedayo Akinwale The Management of Trademore International Holding Limited has given the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) 48 hours ultimatum to unseal its ‘wrongly’ sealed estates. To this end, the company therefore called for an immediate removal of the notice of seizure placed on all its estates. A… June 25, 2020 In "News" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has traced and sealed some property suspected to be from proceeds of fraud belonging to the former Abia governor, Sen. Theodore Orji. Spokesperson of the commission, Mr Dele Oyewale disclosed this on Thursday in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… June 26, 2020 In "News" Twenty-fiveyears after her creation as a federating unit in the Nigerian Federation, Abia State has joined other Federating Units like Lagos, Bayelsa, Enugu, Osun, Cross River States, etc to unveil and establish its own identity. Over the week, the state’s flag, seal and logo was unveiled by the state Governor… August 27, 2016 In "Top Stories"