The last born of world reknowed preacher Archbishop Duncan Williams identified as Daniel has for weeks now been trending for the wrong reasons. Sometime last week, he took to his social media handle to announce that he was heading to Ghana and needed slay queens who are ready to hangout and spend his dollars. Daniel is currently trending on twitter after he posted a video of him in a swimming pool with naked ladies.  Not yet that, but he also went live on Twitter where he was seen tweaking and showing of his manhood to the public. Due to the site policy we cannot post the video’s on the site but you can get the one with the naked ladies (here) and when he went live here. Though the son of the pastor is known for his open notorious life, this comes as a shock to many. Also Read: Duncan William’s son shares a photo of himself smoking a cigarette  @dannygh_: “Whatever you’re going through, it is well ??” @JeremyBoamah2: “oh man really dey dirty Archbishop Duncan waa ow” @tomi_chappy: “Nasty nasty nasty man Disgusting” @KojoTrendy: “Old boy for take am go Burma Camp one day p3, he go shun dey fool” Source: Ghpage Music lovers on Twitter are having a field day after a video of popular music star, Duncan Mighty prostrating for his younger colleague, Davido, circulated on the internet. Earlier today, Duncan Mighty shared short video clips of him and the “OBO” crooner in Port Harcourt. In the video, the 36-year-old… August 16, 2018 In "Entertainment" He supposedly had an affair with Rose Hanbury, who happens to be a friend of his wife In a rather surprising turn of events, rumour has it that one of the royals has been unfaithful, namely: Prince William. Recent reports state that the Duke of Cambridge has cheated on Kate… April 25, 2019 In "Foreign" By Kelly Gilblom and Robert Langreth The day Thomas Eric Duncan’s Ebola infection was confirmed, 10 federal disease detectives -- redirected from around the globe -- raced to the city of Dallas to help trace Duncan’s contacts in the community. They weren’t armed with complex scientific equipment or full-body protection.… October 3, 2014 In "Health"