By VIctor Adeoti Osogbo –   The Osun government on Friday said it had recorded 22 new COVID-19 cases in the state, barely 24 hours after 17 cases were confirmed. Dr Rafiu Isamotu, the Commissioner for Health, in a statement in Osogbo, said that government might be forced to impose fresh lockdown if residents continued to flout the lockdown relaxation guidelines. Isamotu said that 11 of the new cases were from the ongoing contact tracing within Ede community while the remaining were from the previous cases in Osogbo and its environs. ” On Thursday, we announced the discovery of 17 new cases in our dear state. “Sadly, today again, we have 22 new cases. “Considering where we are coming from, this is worrisome. “We must, therefore, take responsibility. The battle against coronavirus is not over yet. “The virus is still very much with us. We must observe precautionary measures if we must avoid community transmission. “With the latest development, the number of our active cases as at today, Friday, June 26, is 54. ” We have 106 confirmed cases, out of which the state has successfully treated and discharged 47 patients, while five deaths have been recorded,” he said. (NAN) Osun State Government has announced two new cases of coronavirus in the state, bringing its active cases to 10. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Dr. Rafiu Isamotu, in a tweet on Sunday said the new cases are wife and son of a previously confirmed coronavirus patient. Isamotu said, “#Covid19Osun Update… May 3, 2020 In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun government says it has discharged two more coronavirus patients from its isolation and treatment centre. The State Commissioner for Health, Dr Rafiu Isamotu, who made this known in a statement on Monday in Osogbo, said the patients were discharged after testing negative for… May 25, 2020 In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun government has confirmed three new cases of coronavirus in the state.The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Rafiu Isamotu, in a statement on Wednesday in Osogbo, said that the new cases were contacts of previously confirmed cases in the state.Isamotu added that the new… May 13, 2020 In "News"