Igbaugba Ehigimetor Benin, June 20, 2020 (NAN) Chief Owere Imasogie, Edo South Senatorial leader of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said the party leadership in the state was not induced by Gov. Godwin Obaseki to join the party. He said that the allegation of inducement was unfounded, as there was nothing like that. Imasogie who spoke to newsmen in Benin on Saturday on Obaseki joining the PDP, however noted that Obaseki’s coming into the PDP was purely “strategic.” He described the rumour of inducement as propaganda being spread by those who lost out in keeping the governor as their party member. He noted that what transpired between the party and the governor was mutual, as the sitting governor certainly had his own qualities, selling points and attractions. He commended the national leadership of the party on the decision to accommodate Obaseki, considering the fact that the party had to postpone its governorship primaries from June 20 to June 24. According to him, any active opposition political party will certainly be excited having a sitting governor of a state being a party ruling at the centre, decamping to an opposition party. “It shows, among other considerations, the valuable rating and respect the sitting governor has for that party. “So, we in the PDP have accepted Gov. Obaseki into our fold and the leadership of the party has granted him and his deputy the necessary waivers to contest on the platform of the party.” The PDP leader emphasised that the party had a “huge humane umbrella of protection for political like-minds. “What kind of party will the PDP be if it does not provide shelter and comfort for a governor whose party has been tormenting with heavy acidic rains and thunderstorms? “He is here with us now, safe and sound and henceforth, Edo has become a PDP state.” He called on Nigerians to continue to support of the PDP “so we can bring Nigeria back to the path of true recovery and health.” It would be recalled that Obaseki on Friday joined the PDP to enable him seek reelection following his disqualification from the Sept. 19 poll by the All Progressives Congress. (NAN) Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features" KINDLY SHARE THIS STORY Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki with a Peoples Democratic Party's membership card Sodiq Oyeleke Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, has told his supporters that he would be contesting the 2020 governorship election in the state on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party. Obaseki, who had… June 19, 2020 In "Politics" According to The PUNCH, indications emerged on Saturday that the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party has given conditions to the embattled Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, to fly the party’s flag in the state’s September 19 governorship election. The offers came following Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki from the… June 14, 2020 In "Politics"