A Federal High Court in Abuja has struck out a suit filed against the Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki accusing him of certificate forgery. The plaintiffs, in the suit marked: FHC/ABJ/CS/553/2020 had accused Obaseki of forging his Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) certificate in Classical Studies from the University of Ibadan. Listed as plaintiffs in the suit are Edobor Williams, Ugbesia Abudu Godwin and Amedu Dauda Anakhu.The plaintiffs contended that the alleged certificate forgery contravenes section 182(1)(i) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (as amended). They prayed the court to among others, hold that Obaseki is “not qualified to run or seek election to the office of the governor of Edo State” in the forthcoming 2020 governorship election. At the mention of the case on Monday, neither the plaintiffs nor their lawyers were in court. The defendant too was not represented. In view of the development, Justice Anwuli Chiekere proceeded to strike out the suit. Source A suit has been filed against Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo state, over allegations of certificate forgery. In the suit filed before a federal high court in Abuja, Edobor Williams, Ugbesia Abudu Godwin and Amedu Dauda Anakhu accused the governor of forging his bachelor of arts (B.A.) certificate in classical… June 5, 2020 In "Politics" Omoregie Ogbeide-Ihama, a governorship aspirant of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo, has withdrawn the suit seeking the disqualification of Godwin Obaseki, governor of the state. Ogbeide-Ihama had filed a suit at a federal high court in Port Harcourt, Rivers state, asking that the governor be stopped from contesting… June 24, 2020 In "Politics" •Governor Obaseki PORT HARCOURT - A federal high court sitting in Port Harcourt has barred incumbent governor of Edo State, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, from contesting the governorship primary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rescheduled for Thursday, June 25. Reports just coming in from the Rivers State capital said that… June 23, 2020 In "News"