By Abiodun Esan Ilorin  –   The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara has dismissed a report that 10, 000 members of the party defected to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). APC State Publicity Secretary in Kwara, Alhaji Tajudeen Aro, said in a statement on Friday in Ilorin that ” the recent garrulous and spurious rumour of 10,000 defectors from the APC to PDP is nothing but a mirage.” “This claim by the PDP is of doubtful success, laughable and a terrible absurdity as it would have been impossible to assemble 10, 000 people in any location at this period of the coronavirus pandemic without the attention of the public. “More importantly, the leader of the supposed decamped members is too insignificant to cause any discomfort for the APC or buoy the image of the PDP,” Aro added. According to Aro, PDP is resorting to a psychological campaign in the state because of its poor image. “The PDP can go on dreaming for the next seven years and there is nothing anybody can do about that. “The APC- led government in Kwara State is taking democratic dividends to the door steps of Kwara people with the giant strides in strategic infrastructural development. “We recognise the people as our primary constituency and we are prepared to build a greater and prosperous Kwara State. “We advise the public to discard the antics of the opposition which is determined to take advantage of the internecine crisis in the APC to paint a false image of its acceptability,” he said. (NAN) By Abiodun Esan   Ilorin   -     No fewer than 800 members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara have defected to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) . Mr Iyiola Oyedepo, the Chairman of the PDP in the state, received the defectors in Ilorin on Friday during the… March 16, 2018 In "News" ILORIN - No fewer than 1,000 members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kwara, on Sunday in Ilorin defected to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). The defectors who were from the seven wards in Ilorin West Local Government Area, were received by Alhaji Mustapha Isowo, State Vice… June 15, 2014 In "Politics" By Abiodun Esan   Ilorin -   Mr Sunday Babalola, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Kwara, on Tuesday defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC), alongside 20,000 of his supporters Babalola, a governorship aspirant in 2015 on the platform of the PDP announced his defection in… September 4, 2018 In "Politics"