UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson was involved in a car crash just outside the Parliament on Wednesday afternoon. The Prime Minister had just left the gates of the Palace of Westminster and onto Parliament Square in Westminster when a protester ran out into the road and leaped in front of his £54,000 Jaguar car. The driver applied a sudden break, forcing the security vehicle following behind to hit the Prime Minister’s vehicle. This left a visible dent on the back of the Prime Minister’s Jaguar. Downing Street has confirmed the Prime Minister was in the car at the time of the incident. Johnson was unscathed as the vehicles drove off. Photographs from the scene of the accident showed a man being tackled to the ground and detained by several police officers. Shortly after being taken into the Palace of Westminster, the Met Police confirmed that they have arrested the man for offences under Section 5 of the Public Order Act and for obstructing the highway. Anti-Brexit demonstrator Steve Bray who captured the incident on camera, tweeted; “Boris Johnson in car crash at Parliament. Just now. “Security drives into back of his car as Kurdish protester runs into road.” The Nation Demonstrations are taking place across the UK against Boris Johnson's decision to suspend Parliament in the run-up to Brexit. Thousands of protesters have taken to the streets in cities including Manchester, Leeds, York and Belfast. In London, Whitehall has been brought to a standstill, with demonstrators chanting "Boris Johnson, shame… August 31, 2019 In "Foreign" British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been dischared from hospital, The man was discharged from hospital on Sunday, a Downing Street spokesman said, a week after being admitted for treatment for coronavirus and spending three days in intensive care, according to the Agence France Presse, AFP. “The PM has been… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" London - London’s High Court on Friday rejected a legal challenge against British Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s suspension of parliament before Brexit, but said it could still be taken to the Supreme Court for a final appeal. Johnson announced at the end of August that he would suspend parliament from… September 6, 2019 In "Foreign"