A Nigerian model on Twitter @Dimssoo has made important points while calling out RnB singer, Beyoncé for making money from African culture while making the continent seem bad. The model @Dimssoo on the social networking platform also accused the American singer of being part of the people who contribute to the misrepresentation of Africa through her songs, thereby giving people the impression that “Africa is this place where we wake up in the morning and tie our wrapper and put chalk on our face and scream ‘WAKANDA’ then go and hunt lions.” Dimssoo said it’s misrepresentations like these that makes African Americans and other people ponder if Africa has WiFi. She also accused Beyonce of taping into the wealth of the African culture for her art but never adding African countries to her tours. @Dimssoo’s tweets comes after Beyonce released a teaser for her Black is King visual album. Black is King uses the music of Beyoncé’s 2019 album The Lion King: The Gift soundtrack, which was released alongside remake of The Lion King. The visual. Sharing the teaser, Beyonce wrote, “It is my passion project that I have been filming, researching and editing day and night for the past year. I’ve given it my all and now it’s yours. It was originally filmed as a companion piece to ‘The Lion King: The Gift’ soundtrack and meant to celebrate the breadth and beauty of Black ancestry.” Beyonce added, “I wanted to present elements of Black history and African tradition, with a modern twist and a universal message, and what it truly means to find your self-identity and build a legacy. I spent a lot of time exploring and absorbing the lessons of past generations and the rich history of different African customs.” Read Dimssoo’s tweets below:  Source By Esther David/ Chinenye Offor Abuja - Nigerian singer and songwriter Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun aka Wizkid and American singer, Beyoncé Knowles, has called on people to appear on ‘The Lion King ‘ the gift video Nigerian superstar and the American singer have commenced shooting the music video for fans favourite… November 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" Award winning superstar singer and actress, Beyonce has revealed the reason she featured Nigerian artistes in the track list for her new Lion King-inspired album ‘The Lion King: The Gift.’ The internet was on Tuesday buzzing with encomiums from Africans as Beyoncé released tracklist of her album. The album has… July 17, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Some Nigerians have began the Grammy nominations campaign for Nigerian artists featured on Beyoncé’s ‘Lion King: The Gift’ album. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the album, which dropped on Friday, features Wizkid, Tiwa Savage, Yemi Alade, Tekno, Mr Eazi and Burna Boy alongside… July 19, 2019 In "Entertainment"