By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja  –  The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has warned operators of nightclubs, bars and gardens not to open for business until the COVID-19 restriction was lifted. Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Enforcement Task Team on COVID-19 Restrictions, Mr Ikharo Attah, gave the warning on Sunday while monitoring compliance by operators in Kubwa, Gwarinpa and Wuse. “We believe that if we relax too much, with the number of positive COVID-19 cases on the rise it would not be good for the city,” he said. Attah, however, expressed concern with the high number of suspected commercial sex workers around buildings housing the nightclubs at Kubwa. “The presence of the ladies of the night is a violation of the curfew because they are not on the exemption list of essential workers. “Their presence made us to carry out full checks on some nightclubs which are truly closed. “At moments like this, we expect them to stop the unholy trade in their own interest because the men who may patronise them may be COVID-19 positive. “We received several calls that (a nightclub and bar) located at Lobito Crescent in Wuse 2 was fully operational. But when we got there we discovered that it wasn’t true. “A bar operating at a plaza located opposite the nightclub was the one operating and playing very loud music which necessitated the calls and complaints we got from residents of the area. “We shut down the bar and confiscated some of its loudspeakers which were handed over to Enforcement officials from the Abuja Environmental Protection Board (AEPB),” he said. The chairman explained that the team would be extending its checks on nightclubs in the suburbs while appealing to FCT residents to stay at home during the curfew periods to avoid endangering their lives. (NAN) Following the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the Ministerial Task Team on Decongestion of Traffic on Wednesday arrested a Spaniard in Abuja for violating the stay-at-home order by President Muhammadu Buhari Chairman of the Ministerial Task Team on Decongestion of Traffic, Ikharo Attah, told newsmen the Operational manager of… April 8, 2020 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Ministerial Task Team on Enforcement of COVID-19 Restriction on Tuesday sealed-off Pacific Hotel and Guest Inn for violating the Presidential ban on hotels operation due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Task team sealed the hotel situated at Boundary Road, Nyanya,… May 19, 2020 In "News" Despite rising cases of confirmed coronavirus infections in Nigeria, some night clubs in Lagos are still defying government’s advisory and remained open to their customers. PREMIUM TIMES visited eight night clubs across the nation’s commercial capital on Saturday evening and observed that six of them were bustling with revellers, despite… March 22, 2020 In "News"