The member representing Isi-uzo Constituency in the Enugu State House of Assembly, Mr. Chijioke Ugwueze is dead. The death of the lawmaker came three days after the death of the Chairman of Nsukka Local Government Area, Chief Patrick Omeje. Confirming the sad development to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Enugu on Saturday, the immediate younger brother of the deceased, Mr. Ejike Ugwueze said his brother died of heart failure. Ugwueze said that the late brother, who was 49 years old, was hypertensive before now and complained symptoms of malaria on Friday morning. According to him, the late lawmaker was rushed to a private hospital in Enugu on Friday morning and was later transferred to Enugu state Teaching Hospital Parklane, where he died in the evening. “The brother’s death was so painful and great shock to the family. He has created a big vacuum that only God can fill. He is our breadwinner. “We, the family members, are confused on where to start from because my brother died when we are still planning on how to bury our father, who is still in the mortuary and now Chijioke has joined him”, Ejike lamented. Reacting to his death, one of his colleagues and member representing Enugu East Rural Constituency, Mr. Hillary Ugwu, described the death of Late Ugwueze as a ‘great loss’ to the seventh Assembly. Ugwu said that the late lawmaker would be missed by his colleagues because of his contributions to the House and prayed God to grant his soul eternal rest. The late Chijioke Ugwueze was the chairman of House Committee on Transport before his death. (NAN) Enugu,   -      The Enugu State University of Science and Technology (ESUT) says that 65 courses of its 68 programmes have been accredited by the National Universities Commission (NUC). The Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Luke Anike made the disclosure at the university permanent site at Agbani,… October 19, 2018 In "News" By Maureen Ojinaka Enugu   -   The Enugu State House of Assembly on Tuesday passed the Enugu State Agency for Mass Literacy, Adult and Non-formal Education amendment bill. The bill was unanimously passed by the house after its third reading. The Speaker, Mr Edward Ubochi, explained that passage of… April 4, 2017 In "News" Enugu  -  The Enugu State House of Assembly has warned the Ugboka community in Nkanu East Local Government Area against disrupting academic activities at the Special Science School, Ugboka. The Chairman of the House Committee on Education, Mr Mathew Ugwueze, gave the warning in Ugboka on Tuesday during a visit… February 24, 2016 In "News"