Following the reappointment of Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta as the Executive Vice Chairman(EVC)/CEO of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) for another five-year term, theHon. Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, hascharged the EVC and the entire Management of the Commission to redouble their effortstowards actualising the digital economy agenda of the Federal Government. The Minister spoke when the Executive Management of the Commission led by Prof. Danbattapaid him a courtesy visit on Monday.According to the Minister, the proactive decision to recommend Danbatta’s reappointment to thePresident for approval was “to ensure stability in the telecommunications industry andconsolidate on the gains and successes already recorded in the industry in the last five years ofDanbatta’s leadership as the EVC of NCC.”Pantami, however, emphasised the need for Danbatta-led NCC Management to work moreharmoniously with the Ministry and Agencies towards ensuring effective implementation of theNational Digital Economy Policy and Strategy (NDEPS) as well as thorough implementation ofthe new National Broadband Plan (NBP), 2020-2025. “The success of the Commission is our collective responsibility. While we, as a Ministry, do ourbest to formulate general industry policy and supervise the activities of the Commission, I willurge the NCC family to be united, remove all lines of demarcation, ensure justice, fairness in alldecisions and above all, ensure harmonious relationships. This task lies on the table of theEVC,” he pointed out. Speaking further, Dr. Pantami reminded the EVC that the focus of President MuhammaduBuhari is currently to boost digital economy, which, he said, has become even more importantfollowing the experience of COVID-19 pandemic that has left many individuals andorganisations relying more on digital platforms for work and collaboration.“So, we expect the NCC, as the telecoms Regulator, to take the issue of digital economy veryseriously and give it all the attention it deserves within Commission,” he said.Speaking earlier, the EVC appreciated the Minister’s role in his reappointment and reiterated hiscommitment to taking the Commission to greater heights.“I consider my reappointment as the EVC of NCC for another five years, as an honour and ashow of the confidence the Hon. Minister and the President have in our efforts at NCC in thelast five years. We would like to assure the Hon. Minister of our commitment, as a Commission, to work with the Ministry and other Agencies under the Ministry’s supervision towards advancingthe frontiers of digital economy in Nigeria,” the EVC said.Those who accompanied the EVC during the visit include the Executive Commissioner,Technical Services, Engr. Ubale Maska; the Executive Commissioner, StakeholdersManagement, Barr. Adeleke Adewolu; Secretary, Universal Service Provision Fund (USPF),Shu’aibu Ayuba; and Director, Legal and Regulatory Services, Mrs. Yetunde Akinloye.Others are the Director, Compliance Monitoring and Enforcement, Mr. Efosa Idehen; Director,Public Affairs, Dr. Henry Nkemadu: Director Licensing and Authorisation, Mohammed Babajikaand Director, Human Capital and Administration, Barr. Usman Malah, among othermanagement staff.SIGNED:Dr. Henry NkemaduDirector, Public AffairsNigerian Communications Commission08 June 2020 •Prof Umar Danbatta, NCC boss ABUJA (Press Release) - In an effort to consolidate the gains made in the telecommunications sector in line with the National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy, President Muhammadu Buhari approved the reappointment of Professor Umar Garba Danbattaas the Executive Vice Chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission. Professor… June 5, 2020 In "News" Yahaya Ibrahim Zimit, elder brother to the deceased (left) and Prof. Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman/CEO, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), during the condolence visit led by the EVC to the family of late Mukhtari Zimit, a former NCC Board member in Kano at the weekend The Federal Government at the… February 17, 2020 In "News" L-R: Prof. Adeolu Akande, Chairman, Board of Commissioners, NCC; Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman/CEO, NCC and Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, Hon. Minister of Communications and Digital Economy during the TVWS forum Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, has said that the Television… March 18, 2020 In "News"