Big Brother Naija former housemate, Victoria Ella Nnabuchi is facing serious backlash after her lavish spending and trick to use her mother’s illness to siphon money from people came to light. Recall that her colleagues called her deceitful, bipolar, a potential drug addict over the matter yesterday. Well, self-acclaimed highest paid Nigerian sex therapist, Jaruma seems to have confirmed our fears as she revealed how Ella lavished N1.5 million she gave her. Jaruma, who aided Ella out with N600,000 when she made a cry out over her mother’s health, revealed she gave Ella another N1.5 million after she cried out to her on needing the sum of 700 thousand naira for her house rent. She then alleged that instead of using it for her rent, Ella lavished the money in 24 hours. “Put all ur sentiments & emotions aside! Look at it from a LOGICAL perspective! Jaruma’s words carry weight therefore I HAVE TO SAY IT AS IT IS no matter who is involved…! Ella got contributions from house mates, she got another 600k & another 1.5M yet a boutique still called her out for owing 50k..!!! As the helper, u will feel so sad….. what will then happen if u give her capital to build her life? NO INSULTS OR ABUSIVE WORDS PLEASE…!!!!” Jaruma wrote alongside receipts See screenshots she shared below: Source Big Brother Naija reality show has offered a lot of people the platform to showcase their talents and hopefully become successful, sadly there are those who still struggle even after being on the show.One of such people is 2019 BBNaija Pepper Dem ex-housemates, Ella. Not so much has been heard… November 26, 2019 In "Entertainment" This year's Big Brother Naija 2019 reality show tagged 'Pepper Dem' is living up to its name as the tensed housemates await the first eviction this Sunday. Just days after Tacha and Thelma were involved in a heated argument over meat and fish, two other housemates have knocked heads. This… July 6, 2019 In "Entertainment" The fourth season of the Big Brother Naija reality show kicked off on Sunday with 21 housemates. This is the highest number of housemates so far, as 2017’s ‘See Gobe’ had 14 housemates and 2018’s ‘Double Wahala’ had 20. Recall that the grand prize for the winner of this year’s… July 1, 2019 In "Entertainment"