The Federal high court Abuja has adjourned to 29th June for hearing of the respondents motion on jurisdiction filed against the fundamental rights enforcement suit instituted by Adams Oshiomole. Governor of Edo State Godwin Obaseki had set up a judicial committee of inquiry led by Justice James Oyomire in January 2020 to investigate the construction of the Edo Specialist Hospital as well as the supply of equipments to same. The panel indicted the administration of Mr Oshiomhole for breaching the public procurement law of Edo State Mr Oshimole thereafter sought an ex parte order from the court to stop his arrest and prosecution on account of the indictment by the investigative panel. Justice Ahmed Mohammed had ruled that the state government stay action pending the determination of the issue. At the resumed sitting counsel to the 1st to 4th defendant to the court they had just received processes from the applicant this morning and will need time to respond. The court adjourned to 29th June for hearing By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has restrained the Edo Government and Gov Godwin Obaseki from arresting and prosecuting the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mr Adams Oshiomhole. NAN reports that a panel of inquiry set up by the state government headed… June 1, 2020 In "Politics" A Federal High Court in Abuja has restated its orders made on June 1 including that restraining the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki from arresting the suspended National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, over alleged indictment in a white paper submitted to the state government. Justice… June 17, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A Federal Capital Territory (FCT) High Court in Jabi on Wednesday ordered the suspension of the National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, pending the determination of a substantive suit. The judge, Danlami Senchi, gave the order following an application of interlocutory injunction… March 4, 2020 In "Top Stories"