By Abbas Bamalli Kano –   Kano State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) has confirmed six persons killed and 600 houses destroyed by windstorm in four local government areas of the state. Dr Sale Jili, Executive Secretary of the Agency, confirmed the disaster on Thursday in Kano, that adding about 1, 752 were displaced by the windstorm in the past one week. He listed the affected areas to include Gwale, Rimin Gado, Gwarzo and Kibiya LGAs. According to him, the displaced are taking shelter with their relatives in the affected communities. Jili revealed that one person was electrocuted in Ja’in area while five others died in collapsed building in Gwale LGA. He noted that the agency was awaiting submission of report from other local government councils affected by the disaster. The secretary added that the Agency had deployed personnel to the affected areas for the conduct of damage assessment exercise, to enable it develop comprehensive data on the disaster. “We have visited Kibiya and Rimingado and distributed relief materials to the victims as an interim measure to alleviate their sufferings. “The items distributed included food items, bags of cement, roofing sheets, mats, blankets and clothing materials,” he said. Jili, however, warned coomunities in flood prone areas to desist from dumping of refuse in water ways to avert flooding. (NAN) Guri (Jigawa)- No fewer than three persons were killed in a building collapse, following a torrential rain in Guri Local Government Area of Jigawa on Tuesday. An eyewitness account told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Guri that the incident occurred at Kajarko village, following a downpour.… August 17, 2016 In "News" By Emmanuel Acha Nsukka -  Enugu State Government says it is committed to building stronger and more resilient communities with a view to reducing disaster risks. Mrs Nkechi Eneh, the Executive Secretary, State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), disclosed this on Thursday in Nsukka during a flood sensitisation and awareness campaign.… August 2, 2018 In "News" A retired Permanent Secretary and member of the Delta State Civil Service Commission, Chief Matthew Ukey, Friday died in an auto crash along the Oghara/Mosogar bridge in Ethiope-West Local Government Area. Ukey is the father of popular Nollywood actress, Omoni Oboli, that cause of death was a punctured tyre. Consequently,… May 7, 2017 In "News"