ABEOKUTA – Former Nigerian President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Friday called for the reorganisation of the nation’s security architecture, saying that this is will make the country to overcome her security challenges. Obasanjo, who said this in a lecture he delivered at the 2020 Sobo Sowemimo Annual Lecture organised by the Abeokuta Club, maintained that the handling of security situations by the present government do not give any individual or group any assurance of a secured nation. The former President, while speaking on the lecture titled “COVID-19 and Nigeria Security Issues: The Way Forward”, posited that the issue of fighting insecurity in any part of the country, must be collective responsibility of all. He said, ”federal security architecture as organised and operated by the present government cannot give any individual or group hope, let alone assurance of security within Nigeria. “Our destiny is in our own hands.  In reform and restructuring, security architecture, structure and arrangement must devolve more security responsibility on the community, local and state authorities. “Unfortunately, I have recently observed from some writers on the security situation in the North, the feeling or attitude of ‘it serves them right’.  We must not gloat at the difficulties or misfortune of others, rather we must emphathise. “Wherever there is insecurity in Nigeria, it must be of concern to all of us.  It should not be the attitude of ‘am alright Jack’ or ‘it serves them right’.  I believe it should be ‘we are all in one bad boat and we must put all hands on deck to fix it’.  Maybe now that we are all feeling the pinch, the collective fixing will be understood and be easy to accomplish”, Obasanjo said. (Vanguard) If words could make the dead turn in their grave, the founder of the Oodua People’s Congress (OPC), Dr. Frederick Faseun, would have rolled over last week, caught between amusement and surprise at a remarkable statement during the first anniversary lecture of his passing. On that occasion, former President Olusegun… March 5, 2020 In "Opinion" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Elder statesman and former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Saturday met with leaders of   Fulani cattle breeders in the Southwest as well as  Kogi and Kwara States, over the wave of   banditry and insecurity across the region Obasanjo said what people knew about the security challenges in… August 4, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta - The Alake and Paramount Ruler of Egbaland, Oba Aremu Gbadebo, on Tuesday advised former President Olusegun Obasanjo to desist from his ceaseless attacks on President Muhammadu Buhari. The monarch gave the advice in his goodwill message to mark the 82nd birthday anniversary of Obasanjo at… March 5, 2019 In "News"