Nollywood Actress and founder of Passion Against Rape and Abuse Africa, PARAA, Foluke Daramola-Salako, during her conversation with Funmi Iyanda on Public Eye Live on Friday revealed that 75 per cent of the perpetrators of the r*pe cases handled by her NGO are religious leaders, PREMIUM TIMES reports. “75% of the cases I have on my table are from religious leaders, and a lot of time, we don’t get to the end of it, because when we start, the family would come and tell us we should leave the religious leader to God.” Addressing the common ideology that indecent dressing is the cause for the rampant cases of rape in Nigeria; she said, “Nothing attracts rape, it is a sign of weakness. Why do they rape minors, teenagers, and even old women, is that also about indecent dressing?” “You hardly find rape cases against young women except for sexual assaults and abuse in workplaces, we find it mostly amongst kids, teenagers, and elderly women, how come you are now telling me it is indecent dressing? And we are not animals.” Speaking on the role of Nollywood in the activism against rape and abuse, she says, “The role of Nollywood is for us to create more awareness programs, have more movies that are preaching the negativity of rape and abuse, the reason it can happen to anybody, and the reason under no circumstances should any rapist be made to look like a good person.” Supported by MacArthur Foundation, Public Eye Live with Funmi Iyanda airs 8 PM every Friday at Instagram Live. Source Former Minister of Education, Dr Oby Ezekwesili, has described the decision of founder of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo’s decision to step down over alleged rape allegation from Timi Dakolo’s wife, Busola as a “good first step”. Ezekwesili who choose to react via her twitter handle, wrote:… July 1, 2019 In "News" Busola Dakolo, wife of singer, Timi Dakolo, has given an update on her r*pe case against clergyman, Biodun Fatoyinbo. Recall that in June 2019, she publicly accused the clergyman of violently raping her when she was a teenager and was worshipping in his church in Kwara state. She filed a… June 5, 2020 In "News" Abuja - Let's be truthful with ourselves, sexual scandals are not new in Christendom, they happen every day around us.   Let's get this straight, the church is no longer safe for anybody, not even the sinners seeking redemption. There is a strong possibility that they might even get hardened in… September 30, 2019 In "News"