By Ebere Agozie Abuja –  The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami says there was no legal impediment on him in relation to the administration oaths. Malami said this in a statement issued by Dr Umar Gwandu, his Special Assistant on Media on Saturday in Abuja. He said that working towards entrenchment of democracy and a democratic culture is not only a desirable responsibility, but a constitutional one, regarding the constitutional provisions and the demand for sustenance of democracy in the country. He explained that the office of the Attorney General exercises dual functions inclusive of that of Minister of Justice which is a political and advisory function, and administration of justice. Malami said that a federation is an embodiment of governance inclusive of the Executive, Legislature and Judiciary with a possible expansion to accommodate private, corporate and associated entities. “Within that context, it will not be out of place for the Attorney-General of the Federation to administer an oath on any one, including the leadership of any political party, whether he belongs to it or not. “Within this context, a lawyer, a judge and indeed a private legal practitioner and a commissioner for oath, are recognized statutorily as people vested with the power to administer an oath. “An Attorney General of the federation who clearly falls within that circle, cannot be an exception”, he said. He said that the fundamental question that begs for an answer remains whether there exists any legal impediment preventing the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice from administering an oath. He, therefore, renewed his commitment to discharging his constitutional responsibilities of upholding the democratic culture and compliance to the rule of law. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The People's Democratic Party (PDP) has advised the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami against engaging in unconstitutional acts in matters relating the governorship election of Rivers State. The party which accused Malami of involvement in plan… March 31, 2019 In "Politics" Abuja  -The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), has expressed the Federal Government’s determination to fight corruption legally and without fear or favour. Malami said this on Thursday during his official assumption of duty in Abuja. He said as the Chief Law Officer of… November 19, 2015 In "News" By Ebere Agozie Abuja - The Attorney General of the Federation and Minster of Justice, Abubakar Malami, SAN, has won the Best Minister Award 2020.Mr Alexandra Olufunsho, the Founder of the Face of Democracy Nigeria (FDN) Project, while presenting the award for the Democracy Heroes category said Malami beat 19… June 9, 2020 In "Top Stories"