New York  –  According to a UN report, released on Tuesday, the coronavirus pandemic is reversing progress on ending child marriage and female genital mutilation (FGM), putting millions of more girls at risk. The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) said in the report that an additional 13 million girls could be forced into marriage and two million more girls could undergo FGM in the next decade if services and programmes designed to stop the practices remain shuttered for months. Already this year, some 4.1 million girls will be subjected to FGM, the UN said. Around 33,000 girls under age18 are forced into marriage every day to usually much older men. More than 140 million females are missing in the world today because of an extreme preference for sons over daughters in some countries, fuelling prenatal sex selection or extreme neglect that leads to baby girls’ deaths, UNFPA said. The UN sexual and reproductive health agency’s report identifies harmful practices inflicted on girls and women, ranging from breast ironing to virginity testing and accusations of witchcraft. “Harmful practices against girls cause profound and lasting trauma, robbing them of their right to reach their full potential,’’ UNFPA Director, Natalia Kanem, said in a press release. “We must tackle the problem by tackling the root causes, especially gender-based norms.’’ (dpa/NAN) On the International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital Mutilation, the United Nations and its relevant sub-bodies like UNFPA, UNICEF and UN Women have reaffirmed their commitment to end this violation of human rights, so that the tens of millions of girls who are still at risk of being… February 6, 2019 In "News" NEW YORK - Approximately two-thirds of men, women, boys and girls in countries where female genital mutilation is common say they want the practice to end – according to UNICEF data. In countries with available data, 67 per cent of girls and women and 63 per cent of boys and men… July 15, 2016 In "Top Stories" NEW YORK - Ms. Navi Pillay, the outgoing UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, has called for concerted efforts to urgently address Female Genital Mutilation (FMG), calling it a form of gender-based discrimination and violence that must be eradicated. The UN commissioner, on Monday, said FMG must be eradicated if… June 17, 2014 In "Foreign"