The federal government has lifted the ban on religious gathering across the country. The government had imposed the ban two months ago to check the spread of coronavirus. But at the briefing of the presidential task force (PTF) on COVID-19 on Monday, Boss Mustapha, secretary to the government of the federation and chairman of the PTF, announced that President Muhammadu Buhari had approved the relaxation of the ban for four weeks. “The PTF submitted its recommendations and the PRESIDENT has approved the following for implementation over the next four weeks spanning 2nd – 29th June, 2020, subject to review-: “Cautious advance into the Second Phase of the national response to COVID-19; application of science and data to guide the targeting of areas of on-going high transmission of COVID-19 in the country; “Mobilisation of all resources at State and Local Government levels to create public awareness on COVID 19 and improve compliance with non-pharmaceutical interventions within communities; sustenance of key non-pharmaceutical interventions that would apply nationwide and include: ban of gatherings of more than 20 people outside of a workplace; “Relaxation of restriction on places of Worship based on guidelines issued by the PTF and protocols agreed by state governments.” More to follow… TheCable ....Asks Civil Servants On GL 12 Below to Stay Home By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government on Monday approved the immediate closure of all land borders that have been hitherto under partial closure ​​for human traffic for four weeks effective, ​​23rd March, 2020 as part of… March 23, 2020 In "Top Stories" ChurchesThe Christian Association of Nigeria has expressed hope that the ban on religious gatherings in the country may be lifted by the first Sunday of June. The ban is among the safety precautions in place to combat coronavirus in the country. CAN President Rev Samson Ayokunle gave the indication in… May 28, 2020 In "Features" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, has called for unity in the fight against the Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak in the country. Mr Boss Mustapha, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and PTF chairman on COVID-19, made the call at the PTF… April 27, 2020 In "News"