Paris  – Paris police have banned two protests they said were planned for outside the U.S. Embassy on Saturday. Police cited coronavirus restrictions that ban gatherings of more than 10 people, as well as the risk of disorder. They gave no further details about the banned protests. Several thousand Facebook users have said they are “interested” in an anti-racist protest at the embassy on Saturday linked to the killing by U.S. police of African-American man George Floyd. Some 20,000 people – according to police estimates – braved a ban to attend a protest in Paris on Tuesday called by the family of Adama Traore, a black man who died in disputed circumstances in 2016 after his arrest by gendarmes in a town north of the capital. The protest was overwhelmingly peaceful despite the ban, but some confrontations took place towards the end and police made 18 arrests. France has seen renewed controversy in recent months about alleged police racism, notably a series of alleged acts of police violence in poor suburbs during the recent coronavirus lockdown. (dpa/NAN) BERLIN - Far fewer people attended protests against coronavirus restrictions on Saturday in several German cities than organisers had initially expected. Numbers were down at rallies in the capital Berlin, as well as in Stuttgart, Cologne, Munich, Frankfurt and Hanover, following several weeks in which swelling numbers had protested against restrictions… May 23, 2020 In "News" PARIS  - French police on Wednesday banned a planned demonstration this week against labour reforms, bringing to a head a stand-off between the government and trade unions which have been spearheading protests against the changes for months. Violence on the fringes of protests has stretched a police force already challenged… June 22, 2016 In "Foreign" ABUJA - The police on Monday banned protests over the kidnapped Chibok schoolgirls in the Federal Capital Territory (FC). The Commissioner of Police in FCT, Mr Joseph Mbu, announced the ban at a news conference in Abuja, saying the protests were posing a serious security threat. ``Accordingly, protests on the… June 2, 2014 In "News"