Nigerian Billionaire Femi Otedola has celebrated his only son Fewa Otedola on his birthday. Taking to Instagram, the business mogul shared a picture of Fewa, while affirming his immense love for him. He wrote; “Happy Birthday to my boy Fewa! Papa Loves you so much .…F.Ote” Fewa Otedola who is the only son of one of Africa’s richest men and former CEO of Forte Oil, Femi Otedola is autistic, hence the reason for his challenges in socializing with people. Being the only male child, Fewa is automatically the sole heir to his father’s billion dollar fortune. Unlike his sisters, Olawumi, DJ Cuppy and Temi Otedola, Fewa likes to keep things private. Recall that few weeks ago, Otedola’s daughter, Tolani called out a journalist on social media for describing her autistic brother as mentally unstable. According to Tolani, referring to her only brother, Fewa as mentally unstable breaks her heart. The singer added that it is an insensitive thing to call someone who has autism a mentally unstable person. Tolani further enlightened the journalist on what Autism is about. Happy Birthday to my boy Fewa!  Papa Loves you so much .…F.Ote A post shared by  Femi Ote (@femiotedola) on Jun 2, 2020 at 2:02am PDT  •VISIT: From left, Femi Otedola, Chukwu, Pinnick and Chukwu’s wife at the Wellington Hospital Billionaire businessman and Chairman of Forte Plc, Mr Femi Otedola, paid a surprise visit to ailing football legend Christian Chukwu at his Wellington Hospital, Circus Road, St John’s Woods London, yesterday. Recall the business mogul offered… May 22, 2019 In "Top Stories" It is believed that most Nigerian entertainers have grass to grace success stories but the reverse is the case for these kids of the rich who stepped into stardom with silver spoons in their mouth. VANESSA OKWARA puts together a list of successful entertainers whose parents, though wealthy and influential,… December 8, 2019 In "Entertainment" Meeting delectable Tolani Otedola for the very first time, you would marvel at her level of composure, meekness, and respectful nature, despite her aristocratic background. Don’t be surprised when she engages you in highly cerebral conversations different from music. She is deeply rooted when it comes to the rudiments of… May 29, 2020 In "News"