Few days after the gruesome murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a student of the University of Benin in a church, another female student, Barakat Bello has been strangled, raped and butchered in Akinyele, Ibadan, Oyo state. Barakat, a 19-year-old student of the Institute of Agriculture, Research and Training, Ibadan, was said to have been raped and murdered in her parents’ house in Akinyele, along old Oyo road. This ugly development has sparked a fresh outrage on Twitter as users are calling for stiffer sanctions against rapist as they also unite in calling for #JusticeForBarakat. A twitter user, Hamid Fattey Olaniyi, tweeting @OgbeniAyoola, narrates his findings about the gruesome murder thus: “In our quest for #JusticeForBarakat, myself (@OgbeniAyoola) and @OlaTemi2018 met with her parents today (Wednesday) at their house located after former Akinyele Kara Market along Old Oyo Road, Ibadan. “Barakat was said to be having her bathe in the bathroom below in the evening when she heard noises emerging from their house. She left the bathroom to check on the cause and saw those who wanted to rob them of their possession. Upon the sight of her, the perpetrators strangled her, raped and butchered her with machete. Her junior brother came back from Arabic school to see the body of Barakat lying down lifelessly and screamed for help. She was seen to have been butchered on this exact spot now covered with sand not to expose the amount of blood she lost during this cause. Her body was taken to the Police Station that evening. “The Policemen gave the body out yesterday when they proceeded to bury her according to Islamic rites. “The father Mr. Bello said he doesn’t want the issue to be taken up to avoid removing the corpse from it’s place of final rest. “We however assured him that such won’t be needed due to the fact that the Kara Police Station already inspected the body and took pictures of it before she was laid to rest. “I however, call on the necessary stakeholders to ensure Justice is served.” Cc: @mssnbzone @mssnaac @MssnOyo @fisayosoyombo @oyostategovt Prompt News reports that the police have arrested suspect linked to the murder of Vera Uwaila Omozua, while President Muhammadu Buhari has also charged police authorities to bring the culprits to book. Oyo state governor Seyi Makinde – @seyiamakinde – has been enjoined to take personal interest in the matter and ensure that culprits are brought to justice. #JusticeForBarakat. In our quest for #JusticeForBarakat , myself and @OlaTemi2018 met with her parents today at their house located after former Akinyele Kara Market along Old Oyo Road, Ibadan.Barakat was said to be having her bathe in the bathroom below in the evening when she heard noises… pic.twitter.com/hlj9GM3gQs Source By Adebisi Sogbade-Shittu Ibadan - An Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday remanded a commercial motorcyclist, Gbenga Oduola, at the Agodi Correctional Centre for allegedly raping his female passenger and beheading her five-year-old son. The plea of the 37-year-old defendant was not taken by the court. The Chief Magistrate, Mr… December 30, 2019 In "Metro" By Adebisi Sogbade-ShittuIbadan, Dec. 30, 2019 (NAN) An Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday remanded a commercial motorcyclist, Gbenga Oduola, at the Agodi Correctional Centre for allegedly raping his female passenger and beheading her five-year-old son. The plea of the 37-year-old defendant was not taken by the court. The Chief… December 30, 2019 In "Metro" According to SaharaReporters, a 22-year-old 100Level student of Microbiology at the University of Benin, Edo State, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, has been brutally raped and killed inside a church in the city while reading. The tragic incident, which happened three days ago, according to friends, saw her attackers smashing her head… May 31, 2020 In "Education"