The Director-General of the Nigeria Center for Disease Control NCDC, Chikwe Ihekweazu, today revealed that not less than 812 health workers have been infected with the COVID-19 virus in the line of duty. He made this known while speaking at the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, in Abuja today June 2. According to Ihekweazu, 29 of the 812 infected health workers are members of staff of the NCDC. “Crossing the 10,000 mark was quite a significant event, and every night when we work so hard to bring out those numbers, sometimes numbers begin to feel like what they are, that we forget that they are people behind each number. We have had 812 healthcare workers infected. They are not just numbers. Twenty-nine (29) of them work for the NCDC. They are people I know who have families, wives and children. About eight (8) of them right now are in the Idu treatment center. They are not just numbers but they are people and they matter and we must remember.” he said Nigeria currently has a total of 10, 578 confirmed cases of COVID19. Source By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) says misinformation during epidemics could make disease outbreaks such as the Coronavirus (COVID-19) worse. NCDC’s Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. ”We are also battling… March 4, 2020 In "Health" •Dr Chikwe ihekweazu ABUJA - Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu believes every state in Nigeria will have its share of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) Director-General stated this during his appearance on Channels Television’s breakfast programme, Sunrise Daily. He stressed that the Nigerian government was making… April 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu believes Nigeria has not gotten to its peak yet, amid the increasing number of confirmed coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in the country. The Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) stated this on Friday during his appearance on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily. He… April 24, 2020 In "Top Stories"