By Ishaq Zaki  Gusau  –   The Zamfara State House of Assembly has passed two bills, to legalise the Zamfara State Comprehensive Development Programme (ZACODEP).The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ZACODEP was a state/local government joint programme, initiated by Gov. Bello Matawalle to carry out various developmental programmes across all sectors of human development. NAN reports that the two bills were for the establishment of Zamfara Comprehensive Development Programme (ZACODEP), and to legalise financial contribution and funding to the programme by the local government councils in the state.The bills were passed after the presentation of reports of legal framework of the two bills during the assembly’s plenary on the floor of the house. The bills were presented by the Deputy Speaker, Alhaji Musa Bawa and Acting Chairman, House Committee on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Alhaji Kabiru Kwatarkwashi, before the floor of the house. Bawa, who was also the Chairman House Committee on Special Duties, urged the Assembly to consider passing the two bills considering their importance to the development of the state. After deliberations by members of the house, the Speaker, Alhaji Nasiru Magarya directed the Clerk of the house, Alhaji Shehu Saidu, to give each of the bill its third reading. Magarya said the two bills would stipulate how ZACODEP will be implemented and funded by both the state and local governments. He directed the secretariat of the house to forward clean copies of the two bills to the executive for assent. Meanwhile, the Public Relations Officer of the Assembly, Malam Mustafa Jafaru-Kaura, said members of the house were currently deliberating on other executive bills. Jafaru-Kaura said the bills were: ”A bill to provide a law for the amendment of Zakkat Board Law No 13, 2003 (Amendment No. 2)”A Bill for to provide a law for the establishment and Management of Zamfara State Directorate of Skills Acquisition. ”A Bill for to enact law for Judicial Autonomy and a bill for the Social Development Goals (SDGs).”Jafaru-Kaura said that all the bills were referred to appropriate committees of the house for scrutiny before they were passed. (NAN) Gusau   -    The Zamfara House of Assembly on Tuesday commenced deliberations on a bill to provide a law for the state revenue board to legalise its activities. Moving the motion during the plenary, the House Leader, Alhaji Isah Abdulmumin, said the state executive sent a bill to improve… February 16, 2016 In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau – The Zamfara State House of Assembly has on Wednesday passed a bill for the creation of an additional Emirate Council to be known as Bazai Emirate. This followed a bill presented to the House by the executive earlier read on the floor of the House… May 22, 2019 In "News" Kano- The Kano State House of Assembly on Wednesday passed into law the 2015 Appropriation Bill of over N210 billion as proposed by the state government. Speaking after the passage of the bill, the Speaker, Alhaji Ali Danja, thanked the members for working tirelessly towards the passage of the law in… February 4, 2015 In "Business"