Kigali  –   The Rwandan cabinet, on Tuesday, approved resumption of transport between provinces and motorcycle passenger service, which had been banned previously as COVID-19 preventive measures. However, cross-province transport to and from districts of Rusizi and Rubavu in western Rwanda and motorcycles carrying passengers in the two border towns are still prohibited, said a statement on cabinet decisions issued on Wednesday. Nationwide cross-province transport and motorcycle passenger service should have resumed on Monday as stated in a statement on May 18 cabinet decisions. But the government halted the resumption after reassessing the situation. Five cases were reported in Rusizi that borders Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), according to Health Minister, Daniel Ngamije, one day after the landlocked country reported the first COVID-19 death, who was a 65-year-old truck driver back from a neighbouring country after falling seriously ill. Rubavu also borders DRC. As of Tuesday, Rwanda reported 384 confirmed COVID-19 cases, including 269 recoveries and two deaths. (Xinhua/NAN) Amidst growing fears of the spread of the deadly Corona virus in different parts of the country, Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, on Wednesday, rolled out stringent measures to curb its incursion into the state. Bello in a statement issued on his behalf by Mr. Kingsley Fanwo, the state… March 25, 2020 In "News" Kenya’s Ministry of Health on Wednesday confirmed seven new coronavirus cases, raising the total number to 303. Mutahi Kagwe, Cabinet Secretary for Health said that medical personnel had tested 707 samples in the past 24 hours. Kagwe said all the seven are Kenyans, six from the coastal city of Mombasa… April 22, 2020 In "Foreign" •Rwandan police prepare to fly a drone fitted with a megaphone in a residential neighbourhood to enforce a lockdown to stem the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak in Kigali, Rwanda April 15, 2020. REUTERS/Jean Bizimana/File Photo KIGALI (Reuters) - The Rwandan government will allow limited movement of people and allow restricted… May 1, 2020 In "News"