AKURE – An Ondo State Magistrates’ Court sitting in Akure, on Wednesday, remanded in police custody two persons for being in possession of human heads. The defendants, Adewale Abiodun and Abel Olomofe, who are cemetery workers with the Akure South Local Government Area, were arrested by the police for allegedly exhuming corpses and cutting off their heads at a cemetery on the Imafon Road, Akure They were arraigned on three counts of conspiracy, unlawful possession and indecently tampering with a corpse. The offences were said to be contrary to and punishable under sections 516, 329 and 242 of the Criminal Laws of Ondo State, 2006. The police prosecutor, Inspector Uloh Goodluck, prayed the court to permit him to forward the case file to the office of the Director of Public Prosecutions for legal advice. The counsel for the defendants, Femi Adetoye and Jide Agboola, pleaded with the court to admit them to bail. In his ruling, Magistrate Tope Aladejana, said the bail application was not yet mature and ordered the prosecutor to send the case file to the DPP’s office for legal advice, after which the application might be considered. (Punch) Four persons working as grave diggers at a public cemetery owned by Akure South Local Government along Imafon road, Akure have been arrested after five human heads were found in their possession. They were identified as Kunle Olomofe 45; Adewale Abiodun 40; Akinola Sunday 69 and Oluwadare Idowu, 67. Sources… May 25, 2020 In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) — The dismissed soldier, Lance Corporal Sunday Awolola, who allegedly raped a 300-level student of Adekunle Ajasin University, Akungba Akoko, AAUA, was yesterday docked before a Magistrate Court sitting in Akure, the Ondo State capital.  Sunday Awolola Awolola, 33, attached to the 32 Artillery Brigade, Akure, allegedly… August 15, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - An Akure Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday remanded a 42-year-old cleric, Alfa Babatunde, and six others for allegedly aiding the kidnap of a 13-month-old boy, Gold Kolawole, during a church service at Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Akure.The other defendants are Omodara Olayinka, 50; Margaret Oyebola, 62;… December 23, 2019 In "Metro"