ABUJA – Immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi, was eventually revived after he fainted on Thursday evening, leading to reports of his purported death, a family source told News Express. “He fainted in his Lagos residence but is still alive,” the source told News Express around 10:00 p.m on Thursday. He claimed that Ajimobi, who had been receiving treatment for COVID-19 at the highbrow hospital, First Cardiologist, Lagos, was discharged four days earlier. “He has been rushed back to the hospital. The case is more critical now. Let’s pray he survives it,” he source said. Similarly, Ajimobi’s wife, Florence, told a family friend that her husband was still breathing and needed prayers. Similarly, the former governor’s spokesman, Bolaji Tunji, said he was not dead but needed prayers. “Kindly disregard. We, however, continue to pray for him. Thank you all for the show of concern,” he said in a statement. Senator Ajimobi was the Deputy National Chairman (South-West) of ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) before the party’s National Working Committee on Tuesday named him the Acting National Chairman following the suspension of the occupant of the post, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, on court order. The appointment was, however, challenged by Chief Victor Giadom, who was previously declared Acting National Chairman on court orders. Two days ago, it was reported that Senator Ajimobi was in coma at the highbrow hospital, First Cardiologist, Lagos, after he was diagnosed of the dreaded coronavirus over two weeks earlier. (News Express) The late Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, was hours from being discharged from the hospital on Friday before his condition unexpectedly took a twist and he never recovered, The Nation gathered on Sunday. Kyari died at First Cardiology Consultants Hospital in Lagos on Friday from what… April 19, 2020 In "News" IDO (Oyo) - Governor Abiola Ajimobi  of  Oyo State has described a federal lawmaker, Hon. Sunday Adepoju, as a good representative of the APC. Ajimobi spoke on Thursday at the Town Hall meeting organised by Adepoju to render account of his stewardship to the people of  his  constituency. Adepoju represents… October 16, 2014 In "News" Ibadan - Political leaders have been advised to avoid succumbing to the antics of their supporters that could cause disaffection among them in order to eschew bitterness. Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State gave the advice shortly after embracing his predecessor, Chief Rasheed Ladoja in Ibadan on Friday. The News… November 27, 2015 In "News"