A 26-year-old, Shagbada Erigga has been arrested by police in Oyo for allegedly killing his girlfriend, Happiness Winifred, 30, for refusing to have sex with him. He was paraded today June 30 by the Oyo state Commissioner of Police, CP. Chuks Enwonwu, who said that the suspected murderer, Erigga invited Happiness, a mother of three, to his home to spend the night with him on June 21. They got into a heated argument after she refused to have sex with him. He punched her three times. She slumped and died and then he dumped her body inside a well in the Ojoo area of Ibadan, Oyo State capital. The police boss said men of the Ojoo Police Station began an investigation after one Mr. Agu Benson, a resident of Oritoke Area of Ojoo, Ibadan came to the police station to report that he went to fetch water in the well in his compound on June 25 and discovered a floating body. When interrogated, Shagbada confessed to the crime but said he “accidentally” killed Happiness. “On that faithful day of the incident, we were showering together and I asked her the reason she has been denying me of sex but she was raising her voice on me and I slapped her and to my surprise, she slapped me back and I gave her just three blows at the mouth and another one on her neck. Next thing I knew, she fell slumped and died. When I discovered that she has died, I quickly carried her corpse and threw her inside a well in my compound because I was afraid and I didn’t want people to suspect me that I responsible for her death. But a few days later, her corpse was discovered by my neighbour who wanted to use the well and he reported the case to the police and I was arrested. I regret my actions. I don’t have intentions to kill her. She used to be my girlfriend. She had told me that she is a runs girl, that she already had three kids and I said no problem, and I promised to take her as my wife before that misunderstanding came up between both of us,” Erigga said Items recovered from him include one hand bag, one Andriod Phone, a pair of underwear, a pack of condoms, a key, and slippers. Source Ibadan  - The Oyo State Police Command on Tuesday paraded a 20- year-old man for allegedly kidnapping his three-year-old niece for ransom. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Leye Oyebade, told newsmen in Ibadan that the victim was kidnapped at her residence at Adegbayi area of Egbeda, Ibadan. He… April 6, 2016 In "Metro" IBADAN — A 23-year-old National Diploma, ND, student of Mass Communication Department, Ibarapa Polytechnic, yesterday, narrated how she was raped under a tree by one of the security men attached to Operation Burst set up by Governor Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State to check criminality in the state. The incident… September 9, 2014 In "News" By Adebisi Fatima Shittu   Ibadan    -     An Iyaganku Magistrates’ Court in Ibadan on Tuesday sentenced one 50-year-old Isiaka Ayegbusi to two months’ imprisonment for stealing 15 goats. Magistrate Adebukola Durowoju convicted and sentenced Ayegbusi following his guilty plea and based on the facts of the case. Durowoju sentenced Ayegbusi… January 15, 2019 In "Metro"