The Katsina Commissioner of Police Sanusi Sanusi has dispersed a group of youths protesting the spiraling cases of killings and kidnappings by bandits in parts of the state. The CP intercepted and dispersed the protesters as they were making their way to Government House to lodge complaint to Governor Aminu Masari The Police chief was angered by the fact the group was faceless, without clear identity, leadership and message, which they intended to present to Masari at Government House Investigation by The Nation further revealed the group did not equally mobilise the support of civil society groups, labor unions and strategic stakeholders, except some motorcyclists, who were concerned about the recent restriction of movement of commercial cyclists from 7pm by Government. The youths had issued statement on Monday, condemning the security situation with a call on government to take drastic measures to end it. By early morning Tuesday, the Police had barricaded the main venue at Kofar Soro where the protesters converge. They later diverted their movement from Kofar Durbi, wearing black shirts with inscriptions such as ” Arewa is bleeding” , ” our leaders have failed us, “banditry and killings are monsters not coronavirus”, “resign if you cannot protect us”. Police spokesman, Gambol Isah, told The Nation exclusively the protest was illegal as there was no approval letter or authorisation. He however said he was pleased with the peaceful conduct of the protest. The Nation KATSINA - No fewer than 30 people have been killed by bandits during separate attacks on Tsauwa and Dankar villages in Katsina State. The incident occurred on Friday evening in Batsari Local Government Area, police authorities in the state have confirmed. The Commissioner of Police in Katsina, Sanusi Buba, who… February 15, 2020 In "News" More than 40 residents of Katsina have been killed in a fresh attacks by suspected bandits. A security source told TheCable that the attackers struck at Kadisau village in Faskari local government area of Katsina on Tuesday evening. The source said after storming Kadisau, they went from house to house,… June 10, 2020 In "News" The Police have arrested three men in Katsina State including a septuagenarian for allegedly insulting President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State. Lawal Abdullahi Izala,70yrs; Bahajaje Abu,30yrs; and Hamza Abubakar,27yrs, all of Gafai Quarters, Katsina,were accused of insulting Buhari and Masari in a viral video on… May 1, 2020 In "News"