Leicester (UK)  – Chelsea manager Frank Lampard showed his ruthless side as he hauled off three of his brightest young players at half-time in Sunday’s 1-0 English FA Cup quarter-final win over Leicester City. Lampard was clearly unhappy with what he witnessed in the opening 45 minutes and admitted he could have substituted seven or eight of his players at the interval. As it was, Mason Mount, Billy Gilmour and Reece James made way for the vastly more-experienced trio of Ross Barkley, Mateo Kovacic and Cesar Azpilicueta and the difference soon became clear. Barkley struck the game’s only goal in the 63rd minute, ghosting on to Willian’s cross to steer a shot home. Lampard’s trust in youth has been an impressive part of his first season since returning as manager to Stamford Bridge. But Chelsea’s record scorer is not afraid to hand out some tough love when required, as it was on Sunday at the King Power Stadium. “We haven’t played that badly since I’ve been back. We were fortunate at half-time that it was 0-0,” he said. “The first rules of football are urgency and sprinting back and if you don’t do that you can’t compete. “Our game needs to be brighter than that. In the second half there were glimpses of it, but we can’t turn up like that again. We got lucky today.” Lampard said his young players would “take it on the chin”. “It is a learning experience. I could have taken more off, or other players off. I am not pulling those out on their own. They will be top players for this club and have top careers,” he added. “But, if I have to do something in games, I will do it. It was one of those games where I had to do something.” Chelsea have won all three of their games since the restart of the season, twice in the English Premier League (EPL) to cement themselves in the top four. They can now look ahead to a Cup semi-final against Manchester United. (Reuters/NAN) Norwich (England) - Frank Lampard celebrated his first victory as Chelsea manager with Tammy Abraham’s double, inspiring their 3-2 win over Norwich City in a pulsating Premier League encounter at Carrow Road on Saturday. The 21-year-old Abraham struck on the half-volley in the third minute and, after a see-saw contest… August 24, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea midfielders, Danny Drinkwater and Tiemoue Bakayoko, are set to leave the club, following Frank Lampard’s assessment of their pre-season tour to Japan. Lampard, who can’t sign players because of a transfer ban, wanted to take a proper look at his squad in the Far East, before deciding on their… July 28, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini said Chelsea played like a "small team" during Sunday's 1-1 drawand criticised their defensive style. Andre Schurrle put Chelsea ahead before Frank Lampard levelled for 10-man City. Pellegrini, 61, said: "I think we played 90 minutes against a small team trying to defend. "I would… September 22, 2014 In "Sports"