The Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, on Friday, disclosed that the Federal Government has released N4.5bn to 31 federal teaching hospitals and medical centres nationwide. He said the sum covered hazard and inducement allowances of striking doctors for April and May. Ngige disclosed this to State House correspondents shortly after he, the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire; and the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Mr Festus Keyamo, briefed the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on the ongoing industrial action embarked upon by the National Association of Resident Doctors. He said, “Just this morning, before we went to see Mr President, the Ministry of Finance reported that as at this morning, 3 am, they have paid the allowances for hazard and inducement to 31 teaching and Federal Medical Centres and specialist hospitals of the Federal Government service and they have expended close to N4.5 billion on the payment because we are paying them the arrears of April and May. “The payment for June will also be done immediately these ones are sorted out. “Again, it is important to report to you that in consonance with what he is saying, we have arranged a meeting for them to speak to the Nigerian Governors’ Forum because you don’t mix apples and oranges. “The issue of health is on the concurrent list, so the Federal Government will do its own and the state governments will be expected to do their own. Some of their grievances border on what they feel the state governments have not done.” Details later… (Punch) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, on Friday in Abuja updated President Muhammadu Buhari on developments regarding the ongoing industrial action by National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ngige was accompanied by Ministers… June 19, 2020 In "Health" By Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The meeting between the Federal Government and the members of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) has ended in deadlock. NARD had embarked on nationwide strike on Monday to press home its demands for payment of hazard allowance, group life insurance, payment of minimum… June 17, 2020 In "News" Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The Minister of Labour and Employment, Sen. Chris Ngige, has clarified his position on the issue of migration by Nigerian medical doctors to foreign nations, a development which has reportedly led to brain drain in the nation’s medical profession. Ngige made this known in a statement… April 25, 2019 In "News"