By Akeem Abas Ibadan  – Sen. Kola Balogun (PDP-Oyo South) has described the death of Chief Bode Akindele, a foremost industrialist, as a terrible blow to the younger generation. Balogun said this in a condolence message issued in Ibadan by his media aide, Rotimi Johnson. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late Chairman of Madandola Group died on Monday in Lagos. Balogun, who described the late Akindele as a great man in all ramifications, said he was a patriot and good businessmentor to the younger generation. “Chief Bode Akindele was a great businessman and philanthropist. He was a renowned businessman of international repute. He has a conglomerate with arms in many countries. “This is yet another terrible blow, but we take solace in the fact that he finished strong and very accomplished at 87 years,” Balogun said. The lawmaker condoled with Akindele’s immediate family, Gov. Seyi Makinde, Olubadan of Ibadan and Oyo State in general. “We pray God gives the family and associates the fortitude to bear the loss and continue from where Baba Akindele stopped,” he said. (NAN) •Chief Bode Akindele IBADAN - Ibadan businessman, Chief Bode Akindele, has emerged the top individual donor to the Oyo State COVID-19 Endowment Fund in its first week of coming on stream. The businessman, with a donation of N25 million, which was made at the close of last week topped earlier… April 5, 2020 In "News" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibadan zonal office, has arrested three persons including Babatunde Ologunja, Olusola Olaoye Babatunde and Olufemi Lawal for allegedly duping the Otun-Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Lekan Balogun. The suspects and others still at large were accused of conspiring to dispossess the revered Ibadan High… February 27, 2020 In "News" ISEYIN - The Secretary to Oyo State Government (SSG), Mr Ismael Alli, on Monday extolled the virtues of late Alhaja Ramota Balogun, describing her as “ a true mother and a political strategist.’’ Balogun  died on Saturday night and was buried on Sunday morning in Iseyin. Alli, who spoke with… June 3, 2014 In "News"