By Segun Oye, IBADAN  The people of Alaja community in Moniya, Ibadan, Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo state came under attack by unknown assailants this morning (Monday) leaving two women seriously injured. According to eye witness, the assailants stormed the community around 10.00am, macheting a woman, Mrs. Adeola Bamidele, 45 and her daughter, Dolapo Bamidele, 23. Prompt News gathered that the hoodlums who came into the house through the roof thereafter, made away with their victims’ two mobile phones. According to Mrs Bamidele, she was matcheted because she tried to rescue her daughter, Dolapo who was being about to be raped. Meanwhile, the young lady, Dolapo could not respond to questions because of serious injury she sustained. Prompt News however, learnt that neighbours helped the two women to the hospital while the incident has been reported at Moniya Police station. Prompt News reports that many communities have been attacked lately in Akinyele local government. It is believed that the assailants are ritualists who rape and kill their victims. Residents have been calling on Governor @Seyiamakinde to act fast. Recall that a couple of months ago, a female student, Barakat, was raped and killed in her parent’s house in Moniya, Akinyele LGA. As at press time, the PPRO of Oyo state Police Command could not be reached for comment. Source Ado-Ekiti - Mr Lawrence Bamidele, 49, on Tuesday appealed to an Ado-Ekiti Customary Court to dissolve his 14-year-old marriage to his wife, Toyin for allegedly deserting him. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that, Bamidele, a resident of No 14, Onala street, Ado-Ekiti, is seeking dissolution on the ground… September 8, 2015 In "News" By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan - A 51-year-old Pastor,  Rotimi Michael, has told an Oke-Ogbere Customary Court in Ibadan to dissolve his 11- year-old marriage to his wife, Dolapo, alleging that she is destroying his ministry as a cleric. Michael, resident at Olubonku-Olodo area of Ibadan told the court that his… February 21, 2019 In "Metro" Premium Times reports that a student identified as Grace Oshiagwu has been reportedly r*ped and killed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, the third in the state in two weeks. Her body was found inside a church mission building. The deceased, 21, was a National Diploma student of The Oke-Ogun… June 14, 2020 In "News"