Edo State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Paul Ohonbamu, has resigned from Godwin Obaseki’s administration. Ohonbamu, in his resignation letter, which was addressed to Obaseki, thanked him for the opportunity to serve the state. He said: “I hereby tender my letter of resignation as a commissioner in Edo State to His Excellency, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, this 4th day of June, 2020. “Without setting a precedent, I have decided to step aside as cabinet member and operate outside‎ it for the general good of Edo State and pursuit of happiness for the citizens”. The former information commissioner, a lawyer, also expressed gratitude to Obaseki for indulging him in his purposeful and sophisticated administration. He thanked the ever loyal members of the Edo state executive council, stating that he was particularly delighted that the governor’s re-election bid was firm and surefooted. Ohonbamu added: “Whether we shall meet again I know not. Therefore, our everlasting farewell take. If we do meet, while we shall smile, if not, it is true this parting was well made.” ‎He confirmed writing and signing the resignation on phone with our reporter, but declined to disclose the real reason for throwing in the towel. It was gathered that Ohonbamu resigned for being sidelined, especially with Edo governor’s Special Adviser on Media and Communication Strategy, Crusoe Osagie, taking over his duties, which he had endured for so long, but got fed up and he decided to quit. Osagie’s mobile line was not available as at press time, to react to the allegations. On April 25 this year, Obaseki’s ex-Chief of Staff, Chief Taiwo Akerele, an indigene of Igarra in Akoko-Edo Local Government Area of Edo state, threw in the towel for also being sidelined, in view of his clamour for reconciliation between Edo governor and his benefactor, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC). Two months earlier, Edo governor’s Senior Special Assistant on Anti-Human Trafficking Issues, Solomon Okoduwa, also resigned for undisclosed reasons, but said he decided to move on and to explore other opportunities. The Nation By Bisi Olaniyi, Southsouth Bureau ChiefTaiwo Akerele, the Chief of Staff to Edo Governor Godwin Obaseki has resigned his appointment. It was gathered the youthful Akerele, an indigene of Igarra in Akoko-Edo Local Government Area of Edo State, accused Obaseki of sidelining him. The Governor is at loggerheads with his… April 25, 2020 In "News" By Kevin Okunzuwa Benin - Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has approved the appointment of Mr Stewart Efe as the state’s new Commissioner for Communication and Orientation, shortly after Mr Paul Ohonbamu resigned from the position. In a statement, Secretary to the State Government, Osarodion Ogie, said the appointment was… June 4, 2020 In "Politics" Okada   -       Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Thursday charged corps members posted to the state to use their service year to lay a solid foundation on how to become self-reliant and successful future leaders. Obaseki gave the charge in Okada, near Benin, during the swearing-in… July 26, 2018 In "News"