By Victor Adeoti Osogbo  – The Osun Government says it has recorded 10 new cases of COVID-19, bringing the total number of infections in the state to 116. Dr Rafiu Isamotu, the State Commissioner for Health, said in Osogbo on Sunday that the new cases were from contact tracing of confirmed cases in Osogbo and Ilesa. Isamotu said with the new cases recorded, the number of confirmed cases in the state had risen to 116, out of which 64 were active. “With the latest development, the number of our active cases as at today, Sunday, June 28, is 64. “We have 116 confirmed cases, out of which the state has successfully treated and discharged 47 patients and five deaths recorded,” he said in a statement. The commissioner cautioned residents against spreading false information about the virus in the state. According to him, contrary to the rumour making the rounds, there are no fresh case in any of the hospitals in the state. “When our health workers contracted the virus, we reported it. “We treated them and they are now back to their beats. “To the best of my knowledge, we do not have any fresh case or cases in any of our hospitals,’’ Isamotu said. According to him, all confirmed cases are being treated in the state isolation centres. “The only case we had in one of our hospitals was that of a patient who later died, even before his result came out. “Immediately after the incident, we decontaminated the hospital and the hospital management continued with their operations thereafter. “So, I don’t know where the false information about two new cases emanated from. “But, wherever it came from, I say emphatically that it is false. “We must collectively join hands with the government to contain the spread of the virus. “Spreading false information will not aid our fight against the spread of the virus”, Isamotu said. (NAN) Osun State Government has announced two new cases of coronavirus in the state, bringing its active cases to 10. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Dr. Rafiu Isamotu, in a tweet on Sunday said the new cases are wife and son of a previously confirmed coronavirus patient. Isamotu said, “#Covid19Osun Update… May 3, 2020 In "News" By VIctor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun government on Friday said it had recorded 22 new COVID-19 cases in the state, barely 24 hours after 17 cases were confirmed. Dr Rafiu Isamotu, the Commissioner for Health, in a statement in Osogbo, said that government might be forced to impose fresh… June 26, 2020 In "News" The Osun State government on Monday confirmed that a medical doctor, who came into the state from Lagos, has tested positive for COVID-19. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr Rafiu Isamotu, said in a statement that the new case was confirmed by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control… May 11, 2020 In "News"