The Presidential Task Force(PTF) on COVID-19 has explained why schools cannot reopen now. It said the decision was part of measures being taken to protect vulnerable Nigerians who may have some underlying infections. National Coordinator of the PTF, Dr. Sani Aliyu, said the decision to restrict gathering in churches and mosque was informed by the fact that most of those who go there are within vulnerable Nigerians who may have underlying illnesses. He said the PTF was working closely with the Ministry of Education to work out a resumption plan for schools in view of the fact that majority of students may be living with the vulnerable group of Nigerians they were striving to protect. He said that the plan may be to allow those who were supposed to write examinations to do so saying “we don’t want what has happened to affect the next academic session”. He said 20 percent of Nigerian have underlying infections, adding the government has a responsibility to protect them against infection, hence the suggestion by government for people to stay at home. The Nation FROM the Federal Government on Tuesday came an advisory to Nigerians: If you are 55 years old and above, avoid churches and mosques. Those with health conditions such as diabetes, cancer, HIV, among others, are also enjoined to stay at home to worship, the government added. It noted that the… June 3, 2020 In "News" Like all crowd-pulling places and events, educational institutions are high-risk areas for coronavirus (COVID-19) infections. But the worrying question is: for how long should educational institutions be on a lockdown given the continuing increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 infections in the country. For example, "Nigeria on Saturday… June 1, 2020 In "Opinion" The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Sunday submitted parts of its recommendations on partial reopening of schools, places of worships and some additional businesses for possible consideration by President Muhammadu Buhari. The chairman of the PTF, who is also the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, made this… June 1, 2020 In "News"