Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has revealed that he is planning to feature Yusuf Buhari, son of the incumbent President Muhammadu Buhari, as his running mate in the 2023 presidential election. The senior lawyer, who said his political party would be announced in due course, also warned the North to stay away and relinquish power to the South, recalling that in 1999, the North magnanimously agreed to support a Southerner to be the President with Olusegun Obasanjo coming on board. “The South West will forever remember the North for this political gesture,” he noted. “Even though some political pundits may argue that the North only compensated the South West for the loss of MKO Abiola, who was acknowledged to have won the elections. Whichever way, the North should be appreciated for such a gesture. “Olusegun Obasanjo handed over power to Yar’adua in 2007, when he died, Jonathan took over. In 2015, the South joined the North to install Buhari. “It’s therefore politically justifiable for the North to equally support a Southerner to take over power come 2023 “Obasanjo never disappointed the North and Nigerians, Olusegun Bamgbose will not disappoint Nigerians. ‘As a matter of fact, I’m considering Yusuf Buhari as my running mate come 2023. It’s high time the youths took over power in Nigeria. “This consideration of mine might look awkward to many Nigerians but it’s because they can’t see what I’m seeing. “Yusuf Buhari is a material for leadership. I’m blessed with the gift of seeing beyond the physical. “I remembered vividly that I once told Jonathan’s Aide that suicide bombing was coming, he doubted me but we all know what’s happening now. “In 2015 I told Nigerians that Buhari will defeat Jonathan, many thought I was talking nonsense but it came to pass. “Earlier this year I told Nigerians that a new Chief of Staff will emerge, that has equally happened. Yusuf Buhari is an asset. “I see him soaring higher politically, other things being equal, he will be my running mate come 2023. “He has some hidden potentials which will soon begin to manifest soon to the delight of many Nigerians. “Whichever you look at it Buhari’s name will be difficult to erase in the political history of Nigeria. “Even after the exit of Buhari as President of Nigeria, Aisha Buhari will still be prominent and very useful. There is something I’m seeing in her that many Nigerians are ignorant of. “She is an asset. Nigerians are yet to know the wealth stored in her… I hope to meet Yusuf Buhari soon for some serious political discussions. “In all, the North should concede power to the South come 2023. They won’t regret it.” Source …Secondus Recruited As Ally Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The plot for who succeeds President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023 is thickening as former Secretary to the Government of the Federal, Babagana Kingibe and Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi are scheming to emerge as presidential candidate and running mate respectively on the… October 4, 2019 In "Top Stories" About three years to the next general election, the race for Nigeria’s No 1 post, has earnestly begun. President- Muhammadu Buhari is constitutionally disqualified from re contesting as the position has a two-term limit. There is a vacancy in Aso rock by 2023, and the big question is who will… November 11, 2019 In "Opinion" The nuance of Professor Yemi Osinbajo’s electrifying whistle-stop tours of the South-West geo-political zone and pockets of towns in some of the other zones, since the commencement of electioneering for the February 16 presidential poll, has raised the stakes in the battle for massive votes, especially in Yoruba land.The vice… February 4, 2019 In "Opinion"