Grace Alegba Lagos –   The Lagos State Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development on Friday said it had sealed 19 more buildings on Banana Island, Ikoyi, over lack of building permits. The ministry said in statement that the exercise was in continuation of the state government’s ongoing effort at regulating physical development in the state. Dr Idris Salako, Commissioner for Physical Planning and Urban Development, who led an enforcement team to the area, said that the exercise was to create a sustainable environment in the state. He said that a total of 34 buildings had been sealed on the axis for lack of building permits and other violations of the state’s physical planning law since the exercise commenced on Wednesday. “Government would not sit by and allow people violate planning laws to the detriment of the wellness and wellbeing of the society which would be compromised by disorderly, unorganised, unapproved and illegal developments,’’ he said. Solako said that the government would not relent in its effort to ensure that the residents complied with planning laws in the interest of the sustainable growth and development of the state. The commissioner, who decried encroachment by some developers on the right of way and alignment of the proposed Lagoon Highway, promised check the unhealthy development. He warned developers to desist from encroachment and other activities that would incur the government’s disciplinary action. Also speaking, Special Adviser to the Governor on Urban Development, Mr Ganiyu Ayuba, warned developers to stop removing government seals from already sealed buildings. According to him, such illicit acts could be interpreted as affront to the authorities and would attract stiff penalties. The enforcement team was composed of officials of Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development, Lagos State Building Control Agency and the Special Operations Team in the Governor’s Office. The exercise will continue next week. (NAN) YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - The Bayelsa State Government has sealed the premises of Gbaran Ubie Integrated Oil and Gas facility, a property of the Shell Petroleum Company of Nigeria Ltd. A statement issued on Monday by the Executive Secretary of Bayelsa State Physical Planning and Development Board, Chief Boro Ige-Edaba, said the sealing of the company located in Gbarantoru in Yenagoa Local Government Area of… April 18, 2016 In "Top Stories" LAGOS - The Lagos State Government has indicted Prophet Temitope Joshua, General Overseer, Synagogue Church of All Nations, over the collapse of a 6-storey guest house in his church. Death toll in the tragedy which occurred last Friday has hit 80 as rescue workers intensify efforts to evacuate the remaining… September 19, 2014 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Five senior officials of Shell Petroleum Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) are expected to appear before the High Court of Bayelsa State in Yenagoa tomorrow (Thursday) for allegedly violating the building regulations of the state. The accused persons, according to court documents obtained by journalists on… April 20, 2016 In "Top Stories"