Toke Makinwa took to Twitter to share some of the difficulties she’s facing in letting a man into her life. The media personality said she’s been single for so long that she’s now used to her space and to being selfish with herself. As a result, she likes the idea of a relationship more than actually being in one. She also said that she likes to date but it’s a lot of work and she looks for reasons to cancel when she’s asked out. She wrote: “Been single so long that I like the idea of a relationship more than actually being in one, I am selfish with myself, I love my space, I like to move as I want, I love waking up sprawled out on my bed alone, the concept of “sacrificing” all these to “accommodate anyone scares me.” She added: “I know I like to “date” but when I’m actually asked out on a date I think of a million reasons to cancel,the thought of putting in effort turns me off, in my head it’s rosy, in real life…. It is a lot of work and I can’t be bothered, who else can relate? “Chatting is cute in the beginning, at some point I get tired and lose interest, can someone date for me, like can I hire an assistant to go on all these dates, share my CV, see if we are fit for each other and close the deal, i just want to fast forward the process. “I think I know what the problem is, I have been in a relationship with myself for so long, dating myself and loving on me, I have become selfish, I’ll need to first break up with me but I like me, me works, me comes first, I don’t know how to undate myself. Whelp.” Source There are any Nigerian celebrity eligible bachelors and spinsters at the moment. These are some of them.  There is no gainsaying that the hoard of ravishingly gorgeous divas and extremely handsome dudes in the Nigerian show business have defied numeration. But what is more apparent is how fans seem to… June 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Anita Eboigbe Abuja -   Media personality and author, Toke Makinwa has rebuked internet trolls over her failed marriage to fitness coach, Maje Ayida. Makinwa, on her Instagram @tokemakinwa on Wednesday, said that when her marriage crashed, she was judged by some internet trolls “ who did not even have… March 9, 2018 In "Entertainment" Toke Makinwa, popular media personality has declared her plans to get married soon after making the announcement on her social media page. The media personality who will turn 35 this year is ready to give love a second chance. She said; “Calling on all travel companies, let’s make magic together… August 5, 2019 In "Relationship"