Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers state has pulled out of People’s Democratic Party’s reconciliation effort in Edo state which according to him, became necessary to save his integrity. The Rivers state Governor who was accused of being responsible for an order restraining Governor Godwin Obaseki from participating in the PDP primary election ahead of the governorship poll in Edo state, lashed out at members of the national working committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who he described as “tax collectors”. In a statement released by Rivers state commissioner for information and communication Paulinus Nsirim on Tuesday June 23, Wike queried the NWC for not consulting with governors in the case of Bayelsa state and further alleged that they are blackmailing him. Wike said; “I told them that in Edo State, we must handle the issue carefully and carry everybody along. They must respect human beings and not behave like tax collectors. “They said because an order was obtained from a Federal High Court in Port Harcourt, then I am responsible. “I have had sleepless nights to resolve the issue in Edo state. The Governors of Edo, Adamawa, and Delta states, know what I have done to resolve the issues in Edo state. “As a result of this senseless accusation, I have pulled out of Edo State settlement. My integrity matters. I have also directed my lawyer to write ThisDay Newspaper on the publication they made against me in their Tuesday, 23rd June, 2020 edition. “I know the members of the National Working Committee of PDP who connived with ThisDay. They are tax collectors. Let them challenge me and I will come out with more facts. Nobody will rubbish me by raising false accusations against me. I will fight back. “I am brought up not to accept injustice, and that is why I keep speaking out on national issues. Nobody in PDP can intimidate Rivers State. “Nobody can threaten me because I said things must be done constitutionally. I will always continue to satisfy my conscience. From now on, I want to concentrate on the development of Rivers State.” Source Rivers Governor, Nyesom Wike, has described some members of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Demicratic Party (PDP) as tax collectors. Commissioner for Information and Communications, Paulinus Nsirim, said the governor spoke in Port Harcourt while announcing his decision to pull out of the reconciliation efforts of the… June 23, 2020 In "Politics" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The National Working Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has raised alarm over what it called "the latest string of gruesome politically-motivated killings targeted at APC members in Rivers State in the lead-up to the March 19, 2016 Rivers State rerun elections into the… March 10, 2016 In "Top Stories" Some PDP governors held a meeting on Sunday, March 4, in Gombe state The governors were said to have had talks surrounding the forthcoming 2019 elections One of the issues that cropped up was the alleged overbearing attitude of Governor Nyesom Wike A report by Daily Trust indicates that some… March 6, 2018 In "Politics"