The brother of Dubai-based Nigerian billionaire Hushpuppi has come out to reveal that the Interpol and FBI have not found anything implicating his brother in the $35m fraud case. According to him, that is the main reason why the police together with Interpol and FBI are yet to make his arrest public. He continued that evidences have been retrived from the other big boys linking them to the scam but not his brother. Also Read: Hushpuppi in tears after landing in the US under tight security In a conversation he revealed that Hushpuppi is behind bars because the FBI and Interpol are digging very hard into finding his source of wealth. This was shared first by a Nigerian site on Instagram. See screenshot below: listen to the audio below: This comes some few hours after Mompha who was also arrested month ago for fraud was set free because they had no evidence to back their claims. Hushpuppi was arrested with some other big boys last week by the FBI after it was discovered that they hacked into the American system to file for unemployment to defraud the government over $35million. (Ghpage) Controversial journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has shared pictures of Hushpuppi associates allegedly arrested with him by INTERPOL in Dubai. Kemi Olunloyo shared the details on her social media page where she wrote; "THREAD ON THE ARREST OF BILLIONAIRE REAL ESTATE MOGUL Ray HushPuppi HushPuppi was arrested yesterday in Dubai at his… June 11, 2020 In "News" •Hushpuppi    …as INTERPOL confirms arrest of suspected international fraudsterLaunches manhunt for accomplices in alleged trans-border fraud Plans are underway by the International Police (INTERPOL) Nigeria to extradite Instagram celebrity Raymond Igbalodely a.k.a. Hushpuppi from Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to Nigeria to face alleged multiple fraud charges, The… June 13, 2020 In "News" Popular socialite Ismaila Mustapha a.k.a Mompha has laid a curse on those drawing the attention of U.S Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the International Police (Interpol) on him. Social media trolls began to tag the FBI and Interpol after his ex-bestie Hushpuppi was reportedly arrested in Dubai. After news… June 12, 2020 In "Metro"