By Habibu Harisu Sokoto  –  The Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP), Sokoto State Chapter, has called on the residents to join hands with Gov. Aminu Tambuwal in the protection of lives and property across the state.Alhaji Ibrahim Milgoma, the state Chairman, made the appeal on Wednesday in Sokoto.Milgoma, who rated Tambuwal high in terms of the provision of development projects, said that the recent attacks by bandits in Sabin Birni Local Government Area should not be used by critics to rate Tambuwal’s stewardship.He urged people to support him against security challenges because adequate security was the responsibility of all.The party leader said that it might be inhuman to ignore the loss of lives and property occasioned by the attacks, which coincided with the May 29 celebration, but his achievement should not be downplayed by critics. ”Being a responsible person and astute leader, Gov Tambuwal remained calm and sober rather than spending time, resources and energy reeling out projects he had accomplished. “Who would go to new schools built by government when marauders have routed his brethren; we will not be happy if hospitals are overwhelmed by dead bodies. “Gov Tambuwal has been steadfast on his obligations in spite of all challenges that comprised legal battles over his election victory, financial decline and the current COVID-19 pandemic,” the party chairman said. He said Tambuwal’s administration had uncovered many ghost workers and saved the state billions of naira going into the pockets of few in the past. Milgoma said that Tambuwal disbursed N4 billion to empower small businesses, established state’s microfinance bank as well as partnered with the Moroccan government on agriculture, water resources, healthcare and others. According to him, based on his experience across the globe, Gov Tambuwal understudied the Indonesian Pondok model of education and incorporated it in the state for the Almajiris. (NAN) By Habibu Harisu Sokoto, - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State has confirmed the death of 16 people in a fresh banditry at Dalijan, Rakkoni and Kalhu communities in the Rabah Local Government Area of the state. Tambuwal made the announcement at a news conference on Tuesday in Sokoto, saying that the… February 26, 2019 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bello Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State has appealed to United States Government to intervene in the prevention  of alleged harassment of electorate in Saturday’s governorship and state assembly elections. Tambuwal made the appeal on Thursday when he received the US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr.… February 28, 2019 In "Politics" By Muhammad Nasir Bello   Sokoto   -        Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State has warned supporters of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the state against gossips and idle talks. Tambuwal spoke on Thursday night during a PDP stakeholders’ meeting in Sokoto. The governor said that avoidance of gossips and… November 16, 2018 In "News"