Tel Aviv –   Israeli jets targeted Hamas positions early on Saturday after rockets were fired at southern Israel earlier from the Gaza Strip, the Israeli armed forces said. “In response to the 2 rockets fired at #Israel, our fighter jets struck a Hamas rocket manufacturing workshop and a weapons manufacturing facility in #Gaza,” the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) tweeted. “We hold Hamas responsible for all acts of terror emanating from Gaza,” the IDF added. The defence forces said sirens sounded in the area bordering the strip on Friday evening, according to the military. According to a report by the Jerusalem Post, no one was injured in the shelling in southern Israel, and there was no damage in the area near the northern end of the Gaza Strip. One missile landed on open ground, the other probably in the Gaza Strip itself, the report said. The rockets were fired a few days before the possible announcement of Israel’s first annexation steps in the occupied West Bank. The Israeli government could begin annexing areas in the West Bank and the strategically important Jordan Valley on Wednesday in line with U.S. President Donald Trump’s plan for the Middle East. The Palestinians firmly reject the plan. In their view, it favours Israel. The plan is also highly controversial internationally. The armed wing of the Palestinian organisation Hamas, which governs the Gaza Strip, has described any annexation as a declaration of war. (dpa/NAN) Jerusalem - An Israeli combat aircraft on Monday hit the Palestinian movement Hamas in the Gaza Strip after rockets were fired from the territory of the enclave. The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said in a statement that militants from the Gaza Strip fired three rockets toward southern Israel, intercepting two… August 26, 2019 In "Foreign" Moscow -  The Israeli Air Force (IAF) hit two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip on Monday in response to the latter flying so-called arson balloons toward Israeli territory, the Israel Defence Forces (IDF) said. “Moments ago, an IAF aircraft struck two Hamas posts in the northern Gaza Strip. “These… July 16, 2018 In "Foreign" GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) — An Israeli airstrike killed a militant leader in the Gaza Strip on Monday, just hours ahead of an expected seven-hour truce announced by Israel that was meant to open a "humanitarian window" for aid. However, the Israeli military said the cease-fire, which was to… August 4, 2014 In "Foreign"