CALABAR – In spite of the claims by the Cross River State Government that it has successfully checked COVID-19 from entering the state, the death of a lawmaker, Godwin Akwaji, is being attributed to the dreaded virus, TheCable is reporting. Akwaji, representing Obudu constituency at the Cross River State House of Assembly, was said to have died at the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital (UCTH), isolation centre after showing symptoms of COVID-19. The law maker, who reportedly gave up around 12:30 pm on Thursday,was said to be diabetic, reportedly exhibited fatigue, fever, cough, breathlessness. Quoting a family source the report, said that the deceased had been treated for malaria and pneumonia with no improvement, adding that some persons who visited the lawmaker at the hospital are already showing symptoms of COVID-19. Commenting on Akwaji’s death, Ifere Paul, a Facebook user wrote: “I spoke to Hon. Godwin Akwaji weeks before the LGA elections. He told me what a wonderful chairman I’ll make. He ended our conversation on a sad note though. “That the establishment does not want intelligent people like me, and was afraid I might not make it because I am not somebody’s stooge. I just got information from Agba Jalingo that Hon. Akwaji is late now. He was such a nice guy. May his soul find rest.” Cross River is the only state where any case of COVID-19 has not been confirmed in the country. Source: TheCable By Christian Njoku Calabar - The Cross River Commissioner for Health, Dr Betta Edu, on Friday said sample of a suspected COVID-19 case in Cross River had been sent to the Irrua Specialist Hospital in Edo for a analysis. Edu who was reacting to the death of a nurse at… May 22, 2020 In "Health" By George Odok Calabar - Cross River House of Assembly have called on Gov. Ben Ayade to immediately commence the rehabilitation of deplorable sections of roads in the Calabar metropolis. Mr Hilary Bisong, member representing Boki 2 in the Assembly, who moved the motion in the house on Monday in… October 14, 2019 In "News" Some members of the Covid-19 task force team in Cross River State, who were on official duty, have been reportedly attacked in Calabar South area of Cross River State, Daily Trust reports. A member of the team allegedly had his head ripped open by members of a church called Messiah… April 15, 2020 In "Metro"