A video of Angel Gomes, a Manchester United player, is currently trending on social media where he was seen receiving prayers of healing at TB Joshua’s Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN). In the video, which appeared to have been shot in 2016, the talented attacking player identified himself as a 16-year-old whose parents are big fans of the cleric. The English player also narrated how frequent injuries including hip, groin and ankle hindered him from playing in times of important tournaments, matches, and breakthrough moments. He said; “My name is Angel Gomes, I’m from Manchester. I’m sixteen. I play for the Manchester United Football Club. And I’ve been struggling really with injuries. “I’ve been having injuries around my hip and groin which have been affecting me playing. I also suffered ankle injury not long ago which kept me out for a long time. “These injuries would come at hard times for me, times when I was having a breakthrough or times when I had to go to a tournament or playing games, these injuries would happen quite frequently. “I play for Man United, I also represent England national team under-17 level as captain. I’ve known about the Synagogue Church of Nations for a long time. “As my family follows the prophet, my parents are big fans. So we thought it would be a good time for me to come and be touched by the prophet.” Watch Video Below; Manchester United’s Angel Gomes went to T.B Joshua’s church for healing pic.twitter.com/TBYGR4xifH Source Louis van Gaal has demanded an immediate improvement from Manchester United after admitting their start to the season has not been good enough. They avoided matching their worst opening sequence to a Premier League campaign since 1992 by earning a point with an unconvincing display in a 1-1 draw at… August 25, 2014 In "Sports" Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere is convinced that Arsene Wenger still trusts in his abilities despite an injury-hit season. Wilshere's last start for the Gunners came back in November, in the 2-1 home defeat to Manchester United, with the England star having struggled with ankle problems for the majority of the… May 17, 2015 In "Sports" London - Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli is a big doubt for their Premier League game at home to relegated Huddersfield Town on Saturday. The England player who broke his hand is however expected to be available to face Manchester City in the Champions League next week. Manager Mauricio Pochettino… April 12, 2019 In "Sports"