Washington –   U.S President Donald Trump on Friday threatened to “end this Seattle takeover now,” escalating a row with local authorities over a police-free zone controlled by protesters in the city.. “The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!” Trump tweeted. It came a day after the president threatened federal action if the Seattle’s mayor and Washington’s state governor did not “Take back your city NOW.” Governor Jay Inslee hit back that Trump should stay out of the north-western state’s business, and Seattle’s Mayor Jenny Durkan said an invasion of the city would be unconstitutional and illegal. Seattle, like other US cities, has been gripped by protests against police brutality and racism since the death of George Floyd in police custody in Minnesota two weeks ago. After days of clashes with authorities, demonstrators set up an “autonomous zone” in the city when police vacated a precinct earlier this week. The makeshift encampment, sectioned off by barricades and spanning several city blocks, has been dubbed Chaz, an abbreviation of Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone, the Seattle Times reported. Hundreds of people have been gathering to demonstrate and hear speeches in the largely peaceful police-free zone, amid calls around the country to “defund” police departments. Trump on Thursday dismissed such calls, saying he wanted instead to strengthen police forces. He outlined proposals for police reforms, including improved training and national guidelines on the use of force.(dpa/NAN) Twitter is unrelenting in curtailing the excesses of U.S. President Donald Trump in mixing fiction with facts and outrightly spinning lies. Just hours after Trump signed an executive order to control the social media firms, Twitter flagged another tweet by the U.S. President, in which he calls Minneapolis protesters ‘thugs’.… May 29, 2020 In "News" New York - President Donald Trump on Friday lobbed barbs at protesters who kneel during the national anthem, after NFL quarterback Drew Brees apologised for remarks he made about the practice. Brees said this week he would “never agree with anybody disrespecting the flag,” referring to the possibility of players… June 6, 2020 In "News" US President, Donald Trump has expressed sadness and sent his condolence to the family of David Dorn, a retired police officer who was shot dead by some protesters on Tuesday. David Dorn was reported to have been killed by looters after he responded to a burglary alarm at Lee’s Pawn… June 3, 2020 In "Foreign"