By Maureen Okon Abuja  –   Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, the Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM), has paid tribute to late Sen. Bayo Osinowo.Dabiri-Erewa paid her tribute in a statement signed by Mr Abdur-Rahman Balogun, Head, Media and Public Relations Unit of the commission, a copy of which was made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Abuja.According to her, Allah says in the Holy Qur’an 7 verse 34: “To every people is a term appointed: when their term is reached, not an hour can they cause delay…”“I received the news of the final return to Allah on June 15, of Senator Osinowo, with a heavy heart. I was perturbed with feelings of emptiness and stunned to speechlessness.“…Those Foremost (in Faith)…” Qur’an 56 verse 10, is a strong message to me and all people of good conscience to prepare for the ultimate.“The time is drawing near; the clock is ticking; hours, minutes and seconds are counting. Death is always lurking around. It is no respecter of gender, social status or social stratification, religion, ethnicity or race.“As the senator representing my constituency, Senator Bayo Osinowo, was a consummate politician, friendly, with a great sense of humor, generous and down to earth,” she said.Dabiri-Elewa added: “I pray Allah to console his aged mother, wife, children and other immediate family members, his political associates as well as the APC family, and make his final resting place al-Jannatul Firdaus, Aamin.” (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigerians living abroad under the umbrella of Nigerians in Diaspora Organisation (NIDO) have flayed the antics of the Chairman/ Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa. They have accused her of using her position to cause division among… May 11, 2020 In "News" By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - The Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly, Mr Mudashiru Obasa, has commiserated with the family of Sen. Bayo Osinowo who died at age of 64. Obasa, in a condolences message in Lagos on Monday, said that Lagos Assembly had lost a political stabilizer. The News… June 16, 2020 In "Politics" By Lizzy Okoji Abuja - Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, the Chairman/CEO, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM) has said that stronger partnership between intelligent Nigerians and Indians in Diaspora is capable of transforming the world. Dabiri-Erewa made this known in Abuja during the commemoration of the 2020 Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (Indians… January 10, 2020 In "News"