President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the Nigeria Police Force to ‘speedily investigate’ the killing of a 100-level student of the University of Benin, Uwaila Omozuwa. Omozuwa was r*ped and murdered by hoodlums when she went to read at the RCCG, Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, Edo Province 10, in Benin City on May 27. Buhari, who condemned the act via Twitter on Tuesday, condoled with the family of the deceased. “I would like to offer my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Uwaila Omozuwa. I expect the Nigeria Police Force to speedily and diligently investigate this case and ensure that all the culprits responsible for this barbaric act are brought to justice,” he wrote. The PUNCH reports that the Inspector-General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, said the perpetrators of the crime would be brought to book. Adamu also “deployed additional investigations aids and forensic support to Edo State Police Command to complement and expedite actions in the ongoing investigations into the unfortunate incident”. Source OmozuwaPresident Muhamamdu Buhari has finally reacted to the rape and murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN) by unknown assailants. Coming against the backdrop of an order by the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu that the investigations into the case be… June 2, 2020 In "News" •Vera Omozuwa BENIN - Killers of Vera Omozuwa, the 22-year-old student of microbiology of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), must be hunted down and brought to book, Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, ordered the police in the state, on Sunday. It is coming on the heels of an intensive manhunt… June 1, 2020 In "Metro" By Justina Auta Abuja - The Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Pauline Tallen, on Monday urged lawmakers to enact laws and evolve polices that would ensure a safe society and end violence against women and girls. Tallen made the call in the ministry’s official twitter handle, @FMWA-ng in Abuja. She… June 1, 2020 In "Health"