Title: The Prize Giving Day Author: Pamela Chinenye Obasi Publisher: University of Abuja Press Place of Publication: Abuja Date of Publication: 2020 Number of Pages: 31 Reviewer: Somtochukwu Anijekwu Introduction A children’s book is a very important asset in the upbringing of children in the family. The Prize Giving Day is one such asset that any parent particularly mothers should acquire for their children. The publication of this book written by Pamela Obasi is a welcome development in the early upbringing of children. Structure and Contents of the chapters The book is made up of seven chapters. It also contains a section on moral lessons, questions and vocabulary of key words in the story. The book is a powerful and contrasting story of two young primary school girls namely Laura and Doris. Laura is a 10-year-old girl who lived with her parents in Duke Town, Calabar. It was her parents dream to provide the best education for their daughter even though they could barely afford it. Laura was known to be a brilliant child in school and her parents were proud of her. Doris came from a wealthy family and attended the same school with Laura. They were both in Primary 5. Doris didn’t take her studies seriously but only told stories about her father’s wealth in school. Doris never liked Laura because she was very brilliant and always represented the class at school competition. She envied Laura rather than putting in more hard work in her education. There was a Prize Giving Day celebration anticipated by the whole school. Every student looked forward to that special day. The State Government had a scholarship programme for selected schools with outstanding students. The best student in each school selected, would receive the award. This motivated Laura to study hard, as she was so happy and discussed with her friends on who the lucky winner would be. Out of jealousy, Doris kept working hard to deprive Laura from getting the scholarship. But did she succeed? Importance of the book The Price Giving Day is a very interesting and motivational work that would be of great interest to the children. It is therefore a must read owing to its vivid portrayal of life in our present society. The book shows the importance of good upbringing and hard work in a child’s achievement in educational pursuit. Suggestions for improvement One lesson from the book centres on enforcement of discipline in a school system. However, the story in the book shows that the discipline enforced was too harsh for children of that age. But since the ultimate aim of discipline is to modify behaviour and then restore fellowship as quickly as possible, the Nigerian school system needs to be a little more creative with the enforcement of discipline. A mild punishment should have been better as it would have enabled any erring child to change his or her behaviour and be reintegrated back without disruption and attendant trauma. Conclusion Recent brain research indicates that the early developmental stage of children is fundamentally important as it constitutes the foundation that shapes children’s future health, happiness, growth, development and learning achievement at school. It also provides them a solid foundation for good moral and social life in the family, community and society in general. The Prize Giving Day demonstrates the importance of good foundational home training at the early stage of life. Consequently, I strongly recommend this book as it will inculcate the aforementioned values at that early stage of life. Abeokuta, -The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Ogun Chapter, on Wednesday, called on parents to inculcate good morals and training in their children. This is with a view instilling in them the fear of God, in order to keep them from being deviants in future. Mr Timothy Ajibola, the chairman… May 27, 2015 In "News" AKURE - A Catholic priest in Ondo Diocese, Rev. Fr. Anthony Afariogun, has advised parents to always bring up their children  in the way of God. Afariogun gave the advice on Saturday in Akure  during a thanksgiving service and launching of two books, 'Face to Face with Death' and 'Education… September 27, 2014 In "News" Abuja  -Hajiya Ramatu Abubakar-Ajuji, Nasarawa State Commissioner for Education, on Wednesday appealed to parents/guardians to place high premium on the education of the girl child. Abubakar-Ajuji made the call during interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lafia. She had just inspected the construction of Federal Government Junior Girls… November 25, 2015 In "News"