Video of friends and families wailing and crying while the remains of Ace Nollywood actor, Gbolagade Akinpelu popularly known as Ogun Majek was laid to rest has surfaced on social media. In the video, lots of people were gathered together to pay their last respect to the veteran actor. Late Ogun Majek battled a prolonged-sickness before he died at his residence in Ibadan, Oyo state, on Thursday, June 25. The veteran has been buried just a few hours after his death. Ogun Majek was buried few hours after his death, according to Muslim rites. Video from his burial was shared by actor and governor of TAMPAN for Ogun state, Owolabi Ajasa, on his official Instagram page. In the video shared online, the body of the late actor was seen wrapped in a mat. He was lifted by some men who headed towards his grave. As soon as his body was dropped in his grave, the voices of his relatives and daughter were heard crying as they mourned the entertainer. Watch Video below; So sad.. R.I.P Alhaji Gbolagade Akinpelu a.k.a Ogun Majek.. May your soul rest in peace.. Amen. A post shared by  owolabi ajasa (@owolabiajasa1) on Jun 25, 2020 at 11:21am PDT Source Popular Yoruba actor, Gbolagade Akinpelu popularly known as Ogun Majek, is dead. The veteran actor died on Thursday morning at his Imalefalafia, Oke-Ado, Ibadan home. The sad news was confirmed by veteran actor and filmmaker, Tunde Ola-Yusuf in a Facebook post. In a terse statement, he said: “From him we… June 25, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerian actress, Jennifer Omole, passed on in Spain on 3rd January 2020, at the age of 33. She was buried the following evening at Villarejo de Salvanes, Madrid. The sad news about Jennifer’s death was shared by her close friend and colleague, Uche Ogbodo, on Instagram. Omole was a member… May 31, 2020 In "Entertainment" •Late reggae icon Majek Fashek ABUJA - Nigerian music icon and reggae king Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly called Majek Fashek, is dead. He was 57. His death was confirmed by his manager Omenka Uzoma, on the late singer’s official Instagram handle. “Today been having pressure calls, well it is true that… June 2, 2020 In "News"