By Monday Ajogun Auchi –  The All Progressives Congress (APC) chairman in Etsako West Local Government of Edo, Mrs Rabiat Ezolomhe, on Friday said that she and her members still remain in the ruling party. Ezolomhe said while addressing newsmen in Auchi, that APC was their home and they will not abandon it. Mr Adam Oshiomhole, the APC National Chairman, is from Etsako West; many Edo officials and members joined Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo to decamp to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). According to her, we learnt that people are saying that we left the party. We are not leaving APC, it is our home, we cannot destroy the house that we built. “We can’t run away from the house we laboured for since 2018, our tenure is not over yet, these are my members right here with me. “As members of the Local Government Areas, we remain members of the ruling party, we are authentic members of APC. “Nobody can take away our position from us. We are not following anybody to any party. Our party is APC,” she said. Similarly, APC chairman of Ward 10 in Etsako West Local, Mr Stephen Oshawo, also said that they are still APC members, saying that they did not decamp to another party. (NAN) By George Edomwonyi Auchi (Edo)  -  A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo, Mr Bagudu Suleiman has said that the party is not under threat from any opposition political party in Edo, in the run-up to the February general elections. Bagudu, the Etsako Central Local Government Chairman… January 5, 2019 In "Politics" Benin  - Edo Deputy Gov. Pius Odubu has called on security agencies in the state to arrest and prosecute those who attacked him and members of his campaign organisation on Saturday in Auchi, headquarters of Etsako West Local Government Area of the state. Odubu, who spoke through is campaign organisatoin… May 1, 2016 In "Politics" By Monday Ajogun Benin - Mr Frank Izuaige, a former Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) South-South Youth Leader in Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo, has defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Izuagie, on Friday in Benin led some of his members on a courtesy visit to Edo Government… February 9, 2019 In "Politics"