By Olayinka Olawale  Lagos  –  The Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, has felicitated with the new Oniru of Iru Kingdom in Lagos, Oba Abdulwasiu Lawal, Abisogun II, on his ascension to his forefathers’ throne. In a congratulatory letter, he personally signed and made available to journalists in Lagos on Monday, Fashola said that the new position, bestowed on the monarch, was a well-deserved one. He added that it was also a result of the confidence that the people had in the new king that informed his being chosen. The former governor of Lagos State expressed confidence that the new Oniru would continue to apply all his God-given skills and talents to sustain the cohesion, unity and development in Lagos State and by extension, the nation. He said that Lawal had invested so much of excellent performance, hard work, dedication and diligence in the public service, adding that his installation as the 15th Oniru of Iru, was only a matter of time. “I write to heartily felicitate with you, your beloved Olori and the entire family on the ascendancy to the throne of your forefathers. “Having invested consistently, over the last two decades in single-minded self-development and dedicated public service, your rise to this lofty height in the service of humanity was only a matter of time,’’ Fashola said. The minister recalled the days of the humble beginning of the Oba Lawal, citing his determination and forbearance as enviable skills that young ones should emulate. He testified to the Oba’s industrious, diligence and unwavering commitment in all duties assigned to him. Fashola also said that the Oniru’s contribution to the achievement of peace, security and development through a sincere interface with the indigenous land-owning families, to which the Oniru belonged, was of utmost importance. “Starting out as a law officer of the federal republic and being a part of the team that the good people of Lagos and you, all graciously permitted me to lead from 2007 to 2015 as governor. “I can testify to your industry, diligence and unwavering commitment in all your assigned responsibilities,’’ the minister said. He beseeched God to grant the Oniru long life in good health, great accomplishments, prosperity, peace and fulfilment. (NAN) By Babajide Awoyinfa Lagos - Several fun seekers on Tuesday trooped out to enjoy themselves at both the Elegushi and Oniru Beaches along the Atlantic Ocean coast in Lagos State as they continued the Eid–el-Kabir celebrations for the second day. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) who… August 13, 2019 In "News" By Grace Alegba   Lagos -   The Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, says the approval of the N72 billion Distribution Expansion Programme is a demonstration of government’s commitment to enhancing power distribution. The minister said at the Dec. 2018 Nextier Power Dialogue in Abuja that… December 14, 2018 In "Business" Lagos- Sen. Oluremi Tinubu on Monday picked the All Progressives Congress (APC) ticket for the Lagos Central Senatorial District at the party’s primary election. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tinubu is presently representing the senatorial district at the senate. Mr Kehinde Akinola, the Chairman of the Electoral… December 8, 2014 In "News"