Presidential Spokesperson Garba Shehu on Wednesday June 25, reacted to demolition of a building at the Nigerian high commission in Ghana. Shehu who addressed newsmen at the state house in Abuja, stated that Nigeria will not engage in a street fight with Ghana over the incident. He affirmed that the incident will be resolved diplomatically as President Buhari who is respected in Africa, is bound to show restraint. Shehu Said; “The president of Ghana has called and regretted the action and apologised to the president of Nigeria. “I think he has shown leadership in the matter and what should Nigeria do? These are two leading countries in West Africa. “Nigeria will not engage in a street fight with Ghana. This cannot happen. So, the two leaders, especially President Muhammadu Buhari, who is much respected in Africa, they all call him ‘Baba’, so he is bound to show restraint. “Matters such as this when they arise, it is always better when they arise, they should be resolved diplomatically. “No, there should not be in a fight between Nigeria and Ghana, this will not happen.” Source The Presidency has said Nigeria would not pursue a retaliatory line of action against Ghana over the demolition of the Nigerian High Commission building in Accra, last weekend. This position was disclosed by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, at the State… June 24, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar, has commenced lobbying for the candidacy of the Minister of Agriculture, Dr Akinwumi Adesina as President of the African Development Bank (AfDB). A statement issued by Malam Garba Shehu in Abuja on Saturday said Atiku's shuttle diplomacy to drum support for the Nigerian candidate… May 2, 2015 In "News" (FILE PHOTO) President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana speaks with President Muhammadu Buhari at the State House in Abuja, the nation’s capital. President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana has called President Muhammadu Buhari Over the demolition of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra. In a telephone conversation on Tuesday, Akufo-Addo expressed his… June 23, 2020 In "News"