The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has been accused of more than N1 trillion fraud with documented video evidence by a whistleblower, Dr. George Uboh. According to the video evidence, corruption and diversion of recovered loot at the EFCC dates back to the tenure of Nuhu Ribadu as the boss of the newly established agency. The anti corruption agency is accused of diverting more than N1 trillion in recovered funds as well as selling off properties of accused persons and diverting the proceeds into private pocket. While the total recoveries from EFCC stands at more than N2 trillion since it’s inception till 2013, it has only remmited N6.7 billion to its recovery account with the CBN during this period. He stated that during the period EFCC has stolen and diverted N1.93 Trillion minus proceeds from sales of recovered property. He thereafter broke down how the anti-corruption agency steals funds from its victims. He alleged that most recoveries are underreported and bank account statements are largely doctored. He also said recovered monies are put into interest yielding accounts by the various heads of EFCC that have passed through the office. In the video he alleged that monies recovered from former Bayelsa Governor, late Diepreye Alamieyeseigha was diverted to private pockets alongside proceeds from the sales of recovered property. Recoveries from disgraced Inspector General of Police, Tafa Balogun were also underreported. Most of the money was diverted and the properties sold without the knowledge of the Federal Government. Recall that the Attorney General of the Federation and the Minister also f Justice, Abubakar Malami SAN recommended the sack of the EFCC boss, Ibrahim Magu to President Buhari alleging that the agency has been diverting recovered funds. See the full video below: Source A civil rights advocacy group, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has described the prosecution of the erstwhile governor of Abia State, Mr. Theodore Orji, over the alleged gross mismanagement of the State’s resources, was long overdue. HURIWA has therefore tasked the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)… February 10, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Lagos lawyer and human rights activist, Festus Keyamo, on Tuesday stunned the Senate when he told its Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions that it lacked the powers to summon the immediate past Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC)‎, Mr. Ibrahim Lamorde,… November 17, 2015 In "News" Nine senior officials of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) are currently in detention over alleged multi-billion naira fraud. The officials, who are being detained by the anti-graft agency (EFCC) in Abuja, include the Director of Finance and Accounts (DFA) of the FIRS, Mohammed Auta. Apart from Mr Auta, another… April 15, 2019 In "News"