The Federal Government has borken it silence after photographs of two children wearing discarded Personal Protective Equipment, PPE surfaced on social media on Monday. Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha said though it was not certain the pictures were taken in Nigeria, such improper disposal of PPE could spike the number of coronavirus infection. Mustapha gave the warning during Tuesday’s press briefing, in reaction to the photographs of three children wearing used PPEs that trended on social media. Mustapha described this as a dangerous development which required public education. He called on frontline health workers to ensure used PPEs are properly disposed of. Mustapha said, “Shortly after the briefing of 1st June, 2020 [Monday], social media was trending with the photograph of two children wearing discarded PPEs (although it is not certain if the photograph was taken in Nigeria). “Significantly, that photograph represents a dangerous development.” He said the development underscores the need to engage the community in more risk communication, and diligence in the disposal of used PPEs on the part of our frontline workers and the administrators. He added, “Above all, the photograph has left us to imagine what the impact would be, if schools were to be open and they attended school after being exposed so dangerously.” According to him, those children represent a clear danger to themselves, family and the immediate community. Mustapha called on all the health authorities to make sure that waste disposal is done properly so as not to create opportunities for increasing the chances of spreading the coronavirus. Source •Evacuating PPE and contaminating Gudu Cemetery after the burial By Salisu Sani-Idris ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has evacuated the Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) dumped by a man who participated in the burial rites of Malam Abba Kyari, at the Gudu cemetery, Abuja. Dr Mohammed Kawu, acting… April 19, 2020 In "Metro" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Wednesday announced that additional eight COVID-19 patients died as another 284 persons tested positive for the novel coronavirus. The centre informed the this brought the total number of infections in Nigeria to 6,677. The NCDC while… May 20, 2020 In "News" By Rotimi Ijikanmi Abuja - The Federal Government says it will meet with indigenous manufacturers to discuss and facilitate the local production of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), to enhance the fight against the novel coronavirus (Covid-19), pandemic ravaging the world.The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, disclosed this… April 3, 2020 In "Health"