Osun State Police Command on Friday paraded five suspected r*pists, including a 50-year-old, man, Adeleye Fayemiwo, who allegedly defiled his 13-year-old daughter, The PUNCH reports. Speaking to journalists, the state’s police commissioner, Mr Undie Adie, said Fayemiwo and other four suspects were arrested following complaints against them. The police boss said one 28-year-old Oyerinde Oyeniyi of Mokuro Area, Ile-Ife, was arrested for having unlawful carnal knowledge of his landlord’s 11-year-old daughter. Adie, who expressed displeasure over the rising rape cases in the state, said, “One Isiaka Adeyounbo of Ayelabowo Street, Ile-Ife dragged a 16-year-old girl of the same address into his house and had unlawful carnal knowledge of her. “Upon information received from the complainant, suspect was arrested while victim was taken to hospital for medical examination and treatment. “One Eronse Balat of Eleyele, Ile-Ife, was also arrested for having carnal knowledge of his 23-year-old niece. Also, 30-year-old Adeoye Makinde of Isona Street, Ilesa, lured a 13-year-old girl of the same address into his house and attempted to have unlawful carnal knowledge of her.” Fayemiwo admitted having sex with his daughter, but said he committed the act under the influence of alcohol and pleaded for mercy. He said, “I am a farmer and the girl is my daughter. I told her to cook for me but she refused. She used to sneak to my room and demand sex. The day we had sex, I took beer and mixed it with hot drink. I did it under the influence of alcohol. Her mother had left me. I have a wife, but the girl will always come to me at night to ask for sex.” The Akwa Ibom state police command has arrested a 33-year-old Pastor identified as Inimfon Eyo Inyang for keeping eight teenage girls in his "deliverance centre" and allegedly raping one of them who is 15-years-old. Akwa Ibom police commissioner, Imohimi Edgal who paraded the suspect before newsmen on Wednesday June 25,… June 24, 2020 In "Local News" A 43-year-old farmer, Francis Joseph, has defiled a 12-year-old to daughter of his neighbour in Lugbogi area of Ondo, in Ondo West Local Government Area of Ondo State. Joseph, who is married with four wives and nine children, was said to have lured the underaged girl to his house and… June 11, 2019 In "Metro" By Mateen Badru Lagos - The Lagos State Police Command’s Gender Unit has arrested a 44-year-old man and his 19-year-old son for allegedly raping and impregnating a 14-year-old girl. The Lagos State Police Command’s spokesperson, DSP Bala Elkana, said in a press statement that the case was reported at the… April 8, 2019 In "Metro"