Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Presidency has acknowledged concerns expressed by several members of the public regarding the recent incident among the occupants of the State House. The blending incidence which led to the arrest of some staff by the police. A statement by the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Sunday, said President Muhammadu Buhari was not affected in any way by the incident. The statement read in part: ”This is to assure all and everyone that the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Muhammadu Buhari, is not, and was not at anytime in any form of danger arising, either from deadly infections or the reported incident by security personnel which is currently under investigation. ”This particular incident happened outside the main residence of the President. ”Armed guards and other security personnel assigned to the State House receive the necessary training of especially weapons handling and where they come short, their relevant agencies have their rules and regulations to immediately address them. ”Having authorized the proper investigation to be carried out into this unfortunate incident by the Police, the President has acted in compliance with the rule of law. ”That a minor occurrence is being used by some critics to justify attacks on the government and the person of President Muhammadu Buhari beggars belief. ”In this particular instance, the President says the law should be allowed to take its course.”(NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Presidency has acknowledged concerns expressed by several members of the public regarding the recent incident among the occupants of the State House. The blending incidence which led to the arrest of some staff by the police. A statement by the President’s Senior Special Assistant… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja    -      President Muhammadu Buhari will embark on tours of Taraba, Benue, Yobe, Zamfara and Rivers States over recent terrorist attacks, criminal activities and communal clashes in the affected states. A statement by Mr Femi Adesina, the President’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, issued in… March 5, 2018 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe     Abuja    -      The Presidency says it considers a communiqué issued by some ethnic and sectional groups assembled in Abuja recently as the shedding of crocodile tears by selfish leaders. Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, stated this in a… July 20, 2018 In "News"