President Muhammadu Buhari is currently presiding over this week’s virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the State House in Abuja. The meeting, which kicked off at 10am in the Council Chambers of the State House, had the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo (SAN); the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha; National Security Adviser (NSA), General Mohammed Babagana Monguno (Rtd.); and the Chief of Staff to the President, Professor Ibrahim Gambari, in attendance. Also physically in attendance at the FEC meeting, the fourth since activities resumed at the Presidential Villa, after the partial lockdown, were ten ministers, who were joined by their colleagues via video conference. Those physically in attendance were the Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola; Minister of Power, Saleh Mamman; Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed; and the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed. Other present were the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola; Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio; Minister of State for Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Omotayo Alasoadura; Minister of Water Resources, Engr. Suleiman Adamu, as we as the Minister of Women Affairs, Dame Pauline Tallen. The meeting, which swung into deliberations immediately after the National Anthem and prayers, is expected to attend to memoranda from the Ministries of Interior, Niger Delta Affairs and Women Affairs. (The Nation) ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The third virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC)  meeting is has been with President Muhammadu Buhari presiding from the villa. Only ministers who have memos to present were physically present while others are to join in from their locations The last virtual FEC meeting was held about two… June 3, 2020 In "News" According to a report by Punch Metro, ministers were screened for coronavirus on Wednesday ahead of the Federal Executive Council meeting by the State House. Their body temperature was checked as they arrived at the Presidential Villa for the meeting about 10.23 am, The PUNCH reports. They were also given… March 4, 2020 In "News" Abuja  -   The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday in Abuja approved a monitoring and evaluation mechanism for the successful implementation of the 2016 budget when finally signed into law. The Minister of Budget and National Planning, Sen. Udoma Udo Udoma stated this when he briefed State House correspondents… April 20, 2016 In "Business"