Beijing –  China reported 27 new cases of the coronavirus on Saturday, according to the latest figures from health authorities. Of those, 21 were confirmed in Beijing, which is continuing to struggle with a week-long outbreak at its largest agricultural market. One case was also diagnosed in the neighbouring Hebei province. Three imported cases in Guangdong and one in Shanghai were also reported. Over 200 cases have been confirmed in the capital since a cluster was traced back to the Xinfadi wholesale market in southwestern Fengtai district last week. On Friday all interprovincial bus lines from Beijing to the rest of the country were cancelled, with hundreds of flights already cancelled and unnecessary trips banned. People who need to leave the city must provide proof of a negative nucleic acid test results from the past seven days. Schools and universities throughout the city have also been closed and all residential communities have been ordered to strictly monitor and control residents’ movements. (dpa/NAN) Beijing - An outbreak of a new coronavirus has spread to more Chinese cities, including the capital Beijing and Shanghai, national and local authorities confirmed on Monday. Also, a fourth case has been reported beyond China’s borders. President Xi Jinping said curbing the outbreak and saving lives was a top… January 20, 2020 In "Health" Beijing - China reported the highest number of new coronavirus cases in nearly six weeks on Monday, as the country tries to prevent a second wave of COVIS-19 infections. Authorities counted 108 new coronavirus infections over the past day, including 98 cases among travellers returning from abroad, according to the… April 13, 2020 In "Foreign" Beijing - The number of deaths from the new coronavirus outbreak in China has climbed to 170, with the virus now spreading to every province in the country, state media reported on Thursday. Of those killed, 162 deaths occurred in Hubei province, the epicentre of the outbreak, while the virus… January 30, 2020 In "Foreign"