London  –  Relegation-threatened Championship side Middlesbrough on Tuesday sacked former England international Jonathan Woodgate as manager and appointed veteran Neil Warnock as his replacement. The announcement came after a 3-0 defeat to Swansea City at the Riverside on Saturday left the second tier side above the relegation zone only on goal difference. Middlesbrough won nine of their 38 league matches under Woodgate, a former club captain and Real Madrid defender, who was appointed on a three-year deal in June last year. Middlesbrough said that Woodgate had been relieved of his role on Tuesday morning, with 71-year-old Warnock taking over at his 16th club with immediate effect. Woodgate had served on Boro’s coaching staff under former manager Tony Pulis, his predecessor, who left after failing to secure promotion to the Premier League. Warnock holds the record for most promotions in English soccer with a career tally of eight after guiding Cardiff City to the Premier League in 2018. He left them last November after relegation and a poor start to the season. (Reuters/BOG) Leicester City need to fully focus on their Premier League trip to a resurgent Crystal Palace on Saturday rather than basking in the glory of last weekend's remarkable win over Manchester United, manager Nigel Pearson said on Friday. Pearson's promoted side came from 3-1 down with 33 minutes remaining to… September 26, 2014 In "Sports" Nigeria international defender, Kenneth Omeruo has exclusively told supersport.com that he will not be playing for English championship club, Middlesbrough next season. The 22-year-old currently on loan at the Smoggies says he will return to his parent club, Chelsea at the end of the 2014/15 season. Omeruo has made 24… November 27, 2014 In "Sports" London   -  England international Adam Johnson has been sacked by Premier League side Sunderland after he pleaded guilty to sexual activity with a child, the club said. "In the light of Adam Johnson's guilty pleas, the club has today terminated his contract with immediate effect," Sunderland said in a statement.… February 12, 2016 In "Sports"