Rumours of the death of Nollywood actor, Hanks Anuku is false. The actor, 60 debunked the reports on Instagram as he confirmed that he is still alive and advised his fans to disregard the rumour on Monday. “I am alive do not listen to them, they are poisonous press vipers, and they are not the children of God… God is in charge of my life and not them…,” he said. He had previously shared a similar video on Facebook on June 6 after it was rumoured that he had died after being sick for some time. Anuku is a veteran Nollywood actor known for his ‘bad boy’ roles. Born in Ibadan on the 27th of August 1960, he completed his primary school education in Ibadan after which he proceeded to Loyola College, Ibadan for his secondary school education. He graduated from Auchi Polytechnic in 1981 with a degree in Mass Communication. Watch him debunk the reports below: I am Hank Anuku Nollywood Actor n I'm Alive. My haters r dead n Jesus Christ is my deliverer n he liveth. Poisonous press vipers on prawl but they shall b perplexed n disappointed in Jesus's name Amen. 1love fans. A post shared by  Hank Anuku (@ha1962anukuha) on Jun 21, 2020 at 8:19pm PDT Source Popular Nollywood actor, Hank Anuku has debunked rumours of his death. The veteran actor posted a video on his Instagram page where he addressed the issue of his death. Hanks told his fans that he is still alive. He added that his haters are dead because he serves a living… June 22, 2020 In "Entertainment" Abuja -  The death of Ms Rita Anuku, former Miss Nigeria 1986, aged 47, has been reported. A statement released by the family said the late beauty queen passed away on Thursday at an undisclosed Abuja hospital. It said Anuku, who became a beauty queen at age 18 as a… July 3, 2015 In "News" Abuja- Colleagues of Nollywood veteran actor, Peter Bunor, on Saturday paid glowing tributes to him, describing his death as an irreplaceable loss to the movie industry and the nation at large. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the son of the deceased, Bunor Jnr, had on Friday posted… May 2, 2015 In "Entertainment"