Taipei –   Taiwan’s air force, on Tuesday said it chased away a Chinese fighter jet that briefly entered the island’s airspace.According to a statement issued by Taiwan’s Air Force, the Chinese J-10 fighter intruded into Taiwan’s Air Defence Identification zone from the South-West early on Tuesday, prompting Taiwan’s Air Force to issue verbal warnings. The statement added that fighter jets from Taiwan pressed the intruder back and monitored its movement until it flew off.According to the statement, the Chinese fighter jets entered Taiwan’s airspace, on June 9 and again on June 12, respectively.According to Taiwan’s Ministry of National Defence, the June 9 intrusion was on the same day when a U.S. C-40 Clipper military transport plane flew in Taiwan’s airspace. Peking University’s SCS (South China Sea) Probing Initiative confirmed on social media that USAF KC-135s operated near Taiwan.It noted that USAF KC-135s operating in the East-China Sea and South-China Sea, June 16.However, the Taiwan’s Ministry of National Defence said that its armed forces closely monitor movements both in the air and sea around the island to secure safety.Taiwan has had an independent government since 1949, but Beijing considers the self-governing democracy part of its territory. (dpa/NAN) By FT China on Thursday sent fighter jets into its controversial new air defence zone, further escalating tensions in the East China Sea that have also drawn in the US. Colonel Shen Jinke said several fighter jets and an early warning aircraft had been deployed to the area as part… November 29, 2013 In "Foreign" Taipei - Taiwan’s defence minister says he is expecting 66 fighter jets from the United States by the end of 2026, the state-owned Central News Agency reported. Defence Minister, Yen Teh-fa, provided the timeline during questioning by politicians. It came after Premier Su Tseng-chang delivered a statement to a full… November 12, 2019 In "Foreign" Taipei   -     The U. S. unveiled a new 256 million dollars office in Taiwan’s capital on Tuesday, a de facto embassy that underscores Washington’s strategic ties with the democratic, self-ruled island as it faces escalating tensions with China. Washington cut diplomatic ties with Taipei in 1979 but… June 12, 2018 In "Foreign"