Beijing  –  China says it has launched its first virtual nursing simulation platform for COVID-19. The platform is aimed to provide teaching to medical students, and popularise knowledge of epidemic prevention and control among the public. The platform,was developed by the West China School of Nursing of Sichuan University in southwest China’s Sichuan Province, is accessible on the school’s official website, which launched on June 28. Users can register to experience the simulative treatment process. With the whole process of triage, diagnosis, quarantine, treatment and hospital discharge, people can now access professional medical knowledge, as well as operational skills in medical treatment. People can also learn about prevention and control of COVID-19, according to a report by the Science and Technology Daily. Nursing students are provided with an opportunity to practice the nursing process repeatedly through the virtual simulation, thus cultivating their ability to explore and learn more by themselves, said Zhang Fengying, vice director of the school. Compared with traditional video teaching, the virtual simulation platform has the advantage of a three-dimensional sense and real-scene experience, said the report. (Xinhua/NAN) Abuja, Nigeria, 20 June 2020 -The EU and United Nationsreceived delivery of vital supplies to help the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. The shipment, along with others coming soon, are procured through the One UN COVID-19 Basket Fund with a significant contribution from the EU -and will be… June 20, 2020 In "News" All new suspected cased of coronavirus officially named COVID-19 by the World Health Organisation(WHO) in the country have tested negative, the federal government has declared. It also allayed fears of confirmed cases of the condition. Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, told reporters in… February 14, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Lizzy Okoji Abuja - The President of the People’s Republic of China, Xi Jinping, has assured African countries that they would be among the first countries to benefit from a coronavirus vaccine being developed by China. The Embassy of China in Nigeria made the pledge in a statement on… June 17, 2020 In "News"