Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State, his wife Nkechi, and their children have tested negative for COVID -19 just as two of his aides have tested positive for the virus. A statement released by the state governor says the test was carried out on his family and aides on Saturday, May 30. “Leading this battle from the front, as your Governor, I and all members of the first family subjected ourselves to COVID-19 tests on Saturday, May 30, 2020, and the results came out negative today. Unfortunately, the results of two of my aides, who also subjected themselves to COVID-19 tests were positive, while others turned in negative results. We are confident that within days, the currently asymptomatic positive patients who are now isolated will be successfully nursed back to good health, with God on our side”. The new phase of the fight against COVID-19 in Abia will require that the state embark on massive tests of citizens to achieve at least 10 percent coverage of our population at the initial stage of the exercise. To this end, the state epidemiologist has been directed to work out modalities for case searches, using sample population size of between 30 to 250 persons, in some densely populated Local Government Areas (LGAs) of the state. Meanwhile, we cannot win and save lives, as long as we continue to stigmatize our patients. If any person contracts COVID-19, it will be saddening but it is neither criminal nor necessarily the person’s fault. Let me put it on record that statistics show that far more people recover from the virus than those who pass away from it,” he stated. The Governor has also directed all Chairmen of the 17 Local Government Areas of the State, and their deputies to present themselves for COVID-19 test. “Further to my earlier directive on the testing of members of the State Executive Council, I wish to direct that all Transition Council Chairmen of our 17 LGAs, and their Deputies, present themselves for COVID-19 tests and thereafter isolate themselves pending the release of their test results. I urge all citizens and residents to eschew rumour mongering and get involved in the battle against COVID-19. Take responsibility, because Abia is ready to win this battle with all hands on deck” Ikpeazu appealed. Source National Leader of the All Progressives Congress(APC) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and his wife, Senator Remi Tinubu, have tested negative for COVID-19. The results of their samples taken on Saturday, which were released on Monday, returned negative. The test was necessitated by the death of Tinubu’s Chief Security Officer, Lateef Raheem,… April 27, 2020 In "News" National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has confirmed that his Chief Security Officer, Lateef Raheem died of Coronavirus (covid-19).Consequently, both Mr. Tinubu and his wife Senator Oluremi, sequel to the advice of the @NCDCgov, got tested and results were returned negative.A statement by Tunde Rahman,… April 27, 2020 In "News" Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and his wife, Joke, have tested negative for coronavirus, The PUNCH reports. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made this known early Friday morning. Before announcing the results, there had been fears over the status of the governor who was believed to… April 3, 2020 In "Politics"