By Oluwaseun Fadugba  Lagos  –  The Handball Federation of Nigeria (HFN) has cancelled the 5th Sam Ocheho Invitational Handball Championship earlier slated for June 2020, due to coronavirus pandemic. NFN President, Samuel Ocheho, said this while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Lagos. “As part of our activities for 2020, the 5th Sam Ocheho Invitational Handball Championship was slated for June. “The championship has previously attracted handball teams from the West Coast of Africa like Benin, Ghana and Côte d’Ivoire. “This year, we had planned to invite teams from Niger Republic and Togo,” he said. He, however, said that with the COVID-19 pandemic ravaging the world the federation was forced to cancel the championship. He said that the decision to cancel the championship was hinged on the safety of players and officials. “This is a competition that handball players in Nigeria and other Western African countries usually look forward to. “We apologise for our inability to host it this year as the pandemic took the shine off the championship. “As a responsible federation we have no choice but to abide by the laws of the land and also to protect our players from COVID-19. “We look forward to hosting the championship in 2022 and please stay safe,” he said. (NAN) Lagos  -   The national male handball team which is billed to play its first match at the African Handball Nations Cup in Egypt on Thursday has yet to depart the country. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the competition, organised by the Confederation of African Handball (CAHB)… January 20, 2016 In "Sports" LAGOS - The Lagos State Handball Association (LSHA), said that as defending champions, the Lagos male handball team would ensure they successfully defend their title at the forthcoming 19th National Sports Festival (NSF). The Assistant Captain of the team, Yusuf Abdulraman, said on Thursday in Lagos that the team had… October 2, 2014 In "Features" LAGOS - Garuba Attahiru, the 1st Vice-President, Handball Federation of Nigeria (HFN), on Sunday decried the dismal performance of the National Male Handball Team at the just concluded African Nations Cup in Egypt. Attahiru spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. He said the… January 31, 2016 In "Sports"