A Twitter user has raised alarm of a Nigerian man still being kept in prison for 6 years without trial after he was “wrongfully” arrested while charging his laptop at his neighbour’s house. @hausa_girl who identified the Nigerian man as “Junior” said the criminal the police arrested during a raid at the apartment confirmed Junior was innocent, but they refused to release him. She Tweeted; “This guy has been in maximum prison for six years without trial. He went to charge his laptop in his neighbour’s house. That was how he was raided with the guy. Junior is not a criminal.. Six years of his life is wasted and he’s still awaiting trial. The criminal they arrested told them Junior was innocent but they didn’t release him. Let’s get him out please.. Our voices has to be heard!!! For how long will innocent people suffer from this failed system? Different cases of juvenile in prison for stealing onion or being in jail for raided with criminals.. He has wasted 6years of his life. This country owes Junior his life!” Source By Chibuike Nwabuko  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law has called for the unconditional release and acquittal of 94 years old Chief Priest and five other criers of traditional Justice incarcerated by Anambra State government.   Intersociety which alleged that these people… September 3, 2018 In "News" By Wandoo Sombo The number of Awaiting Trial Persons (ATPs) spread across the country’s prisons is worrisome. Statistics released by the Nigerian Prisons Service and the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), showed that 70 per cent of prisoners are awaiting trial. A report compiled by NHRC after visiting some prisons… November 20, 2015 In "News" According to an Intersociety report, the Northern Muslim Police Chiefs led by State Commissioners of Police or CPs, joined by DCPs/ACPs-OPS, DCPs/ACPs-State CIDs, Area Commanders or ACs and DPOs or Divisional Police Officers, presently working in the Southeast part of Eastern Nigeria, are indiscriminately arresting, framing and detaining hundreds of… June 7, 2019 In "News"