A voice note purportedly belonging to late Olamide Alli, who was murdered by her fiancé, Chris Ndukwe has been released. According to the voice note, the late Alli had concerns about marrying Ndukwe which she expressed to friends. In the voice note which dates back to 2018, Olamide told the friend that her wedding to Chris has been scheduled for October of that year, however, she wasn’t sure she wanted to get married to him. She said they’ve known each other for years and they have two kids together, but she doesn’t want kids to be the only reason she’s getting married. Explaining why she’s having second thoughts about marrying Chris, Olamide said she isn’t sure they know each other well enough. The wedding didn’t hold again in October 2018. It was postponed to August 2020. Unfortunately, he murdered her in June 2020, leaving behind their sons, aged 7 and 3. Before killing her, Chris locked her up in his room, put on loud music, then tied her up, covered her mouth with a duct tape, before he proceeded to pull out her braids from the roots, one after the other. He then stabbed her multiple times. Hers was a slow painful death. Afterward, Chris committed suicide. The voice note was shared by activist, Esther Ijiwere. She advised women to leave if they aren’t certain about a relationship. Listen to the voice note below and screenshots of a chat between Olamide and a friend. ( Who was gruesomely murdered by the father of her kids) from one of her close friends, this was as far back as 2018 when this person and others were worried about her off and on relationship with the deceased. . . I'm sharing  it with permission from the person, to give more context. . . Listen to the voice note at the end. . . Note: I didn't know her personally, but after my article on @womenofrubies regarding the situation, I have had folks reach out to me with screenshots and VN like this, to counter the previous narrative in the media. . . May her soul rest in peace. . It hurts deep that this could have been avoided  Don't gamble with your life. Leave to live A post shared by  Esther Ijewere (@estherijewere) on Jun 28, 2020 at 10:33am PDT Source Chris Ndukwe, the man who allegedly murdered Olamide Alli, his lover and mother of two children in Lekki, Lagos, on Sunday 21 June 2020, was a mental case and a killer, and must have committed that heinous murder in that condition contrary to the much-touted story linking it to infidelity.… June 24, 2020 In "Metro" The couple involved in the Murder/Suicide incident in Victory Park estate in Lekki, Lagos state on Sunday, June 21, were scheduled to get married this August. The couple Chris Ndukwe, 39, and Olamide Alli, 25, were said to have been dating on and off for over 7 years. They have… June 22, 2020 In "Metro" Popular Nollywood actress, Genevieve Nnaji has been accused of being a lesbian and home breaker by popular gossip Instagram blog, Gist Lover. In a report by Gist Lover, Genevieve Nnaji allegedly snatched Olamide Agunloye (who is an alleged bisexual) from her husband, Dare Ajayi. Gist Lover further accused the multi-award… June 23, 2020 In "Entertainment"