AWKA – The Ogbaru Community in Anambra State has dragged Julius Berger Nigeria Plc before the Federal High Court in Awka, alleging a violation of Environmental Impact Assessment in the construction of the 2nd Niger Bridge. Also joined as defendants in the suit are the Federal Ministry of Works and B and Q Dredging. The community is seeking N2.5bn as damages for the alleged environmental and health hazards arising from the activities of the respondents in the construction of the bridge. The plaintiff claimed that more than 160 buildings from 15 communities in the Ogbaru Council Area on the coastal line of the River Niger had been adversely affected by the ongoing construction, which passed through Asaba to Ogbaru and stretched to Obosi. The community claimed that the activities of the construction company had polluted River Niger, their only source of water supply, with attendant negative impact on aquatic and domestic lives. They sought a court order to compel the defendants to recognise, deal and negotiate all terms and conditions of works with the Ogbaru Local Government Area chairman in respect of the project being constructed. When the matter came up before Justice I.B. Gafai on Tuesday, neither  the defendants nor their counsel were in court. Justice Gafai said the court would not proceed in the matter without the presence of the defendants and fixed September 29, 2020 for commencement of hearing. (Punch) By Peter Okolie   Onitsha (Anambra) -  Mr Frederick Weiser, the Project Director, Julius Berger Nig. Ltd. on Tuesday said that the second Niger Bridge would be completed by Feb. 28, 2022. Weiser made the disclosure when Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra inspected ongoing work at the project site in… January 8, 2019 In "News" The second Niger bridge project embarked upon by the federal government will be ready in February 2022, says the contractor handling the project, Julius Berger PLC. Its project supervisor, Friedrich Wieser, gave the assurance on Tuesday when the Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola visited the project. He said… February 11, 2020 In "News" Onitsha (Anambra)  -  The Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, says the Federal Government is committed to completing the second Niger Bridge and Zik's Mausoleum. Fashola gave the assurance on Monday when he visited Onitsha, the commercial city of Anambra, to inspect the progress of work on… June 21, 2016 In "Top Stories"