By Ishaq Zaki Gusau  –  The Zamfara State Chapter of APC has decried the demolition of two multi-million naira shopping plazas belong to its members in Talata-Mafara Town.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the State Urban and Regional Planning Board (ZUREPB) had last week demolished the shopping plazas.The plazas belonged to Alhaji Yahaya Yari, a biological brother of former Gov. Abdulaziz Yari, and an APC Chieftain, Alhaji Bello Dogo in Talata-Mafara Town.The State APC Chairman, Alhaji Lawal Liman, in a statement described the action as a politically motivated witch-hunt.Liman accused ZUREPB of compromising laws and ethics that established it to partisan politics.“This is not the first time, we are saying this; the PDP-led government is using government machinery to threaten and witch-hunt our members due to political differences.“This is undemocratic. We are calling on the Federal Government authorities, especially the security agencies to take note.“The Media, Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) and other democratic institutions should take note of the present political situation in Zamfara,” he said.The APC chairman also called on all members of the party in the state to remain calm and law abiding.“The APC, as a law-abiding political party, will follow constitutional provisions to challenge this injustice against its members,” Liman added.In his reactions, the Director-General of ZUREPB, Alhaji Sanusi Ahmad, denied the allegation, saying that the structures were demolished in line with the legal provisions.Ahmad said developers of the two structures in Talata-Mafara grossly contravened the provision of the edicts establishing the board and other land use regulations.“The board, therefore, is left with no option than to commence the process and invoke the provision of relevant sections of the edict,” the ZUREPB DG said. (NAN) By Ishaq Zaki Talata-Mafara (Zamfara) - The immediate-past governor of Zamfara State, Alhaji Abdul’aziz Yari, said his party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), remained a strong political party in the state inspite of its loss at the Supreme Court. Yari stated this on Tuesday while addressing APC supporters who paid… June 5, 2019 In "Politics" Talanta-Mafara (Zamfara) - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara has explained why Gov. Abdulaziz Yari and other key party figures did not participate in Saturday's local government elections in the state. Speaking with journalist in Talata-Mafara on Sunday, Alhaji Sani Mono, the party’s scribe in the state, said it… January 3, 2016 In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau. -. Zamfara civil servants on  Saturday bade the outgoing state Governor, Alhaji Abdulaziz Yari,  farewell at the last Ramadan breakfast of his eight years tenure as governor. Labour Leader at the state, Bashir Mafara, at the governor’s private residence in Talata-Mafara, commended the governor for bringing… May 26, 2019 In "News"