PORT HARCOURT – A federal high court sitting in Port Harcourt has barred incumbent governor of Edo State, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, from contesting the governorship primary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rescheduled for Thursday, June 25. Reports just coming in from the Rivers State capital said that the order was issued yesterday, Monday, June 22, 2020 in a suit FHC/PH/CS/69/2020. One of the reports, by 1st News, said the order of interim injunction granted by Justice E.A Obile based on a suit filed by Hon. Omoregie Ogbeide-Ihama, who is also contesting the PDP primary for the Edo State gubernatorial election. The portal said that a Certified True Copy (CTC) of the court order sighted by it “reveals that Hon. Ogbeide-Ihama had prayed the court to bar Obaseki from contesting the primary election on the grounds that the Edo Governor did not purchase the nomination form for the election. Also, he had held that Obaseki did not undergo screening within the time frame stipulated in the timetable by the PDP. “Furthermore, the plaintiff had sought an order of the court restraining the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC); from recognising Obaseki as a candidate of the PDP in the primary election.“Joined in the suit was the Chairman of the PDP, Prince Uche Secondus, Emmanuel Ogidi, Hon. Kingsley Chinda; Chief Bodekeme Boyleyefa, Sen. James Manager, Hon. Ajibola Muraina, the PDP, Obaseki and INEC. Consequently, Justice Obile who heard the motion ex-parte ordered that the status quo be maintained. This is pending the accelerated hearing of the motion on notice on Wednesday, June 24, 2020.” Obaseki defected to PDP on Friday, June 19, 2020 after being disqualified from contesting the APC primary in controversial circumstances. He and his Deputy Governor, Phillip Shuaibu, were soon granted a waiver to contest the party primary for the governorship election. KINDLY SHARE THIS STORY Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki with a Peoples Democratic Party's membership card Sodiq Oyeleke Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, has told his supporters that he would be contesting the 2020 governorship election in the state on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party. Obaseki, who had… June 19, 2020 In "Politics" Following his disqualification by the All Progressives Congress, there are indications that the embattled Governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki, may consider running on the platform of another political party to realise his second-term ambition. The screening committee of the party, headed by Prof Jonathan Ayuba, while presenting the… June 13, 2020 In "Politics" According to The PUNCH, indications emerged on Saturday that the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party has given conditions to the embattled Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, to fly the party’s flag in the state’s September 19 governorship election. The offers came following Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki from the… June 14, 2020 In "Politics"