The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has announced the commencement of enrollment for the batch C N-Power programme effective, June 26. Sequel to these announcement, below are some guidelines on how to prepare for the application when the portal is open. The N-Power application portal has been open to all eligible Nigerians since 11:45 pm on June 26, 2020 Applicants are to note that the application process is completely free and there is no application fee. They are however requested to read and understand all relevant information prior to applying. Applicants should note the following steps: A print out or accurate details of your Bank Verification Number (BVN)A recent passport photograph (1MB) either JPEG or PNG filesValid contact – Email address or a working phone numberYour Degree certificate and NYSC certificate, if you are a graduate and wish to apply for N-Teach or N-Health Input your valid contact information (Email or Phone number)The information will redirect you to your email address for confirmation.Once your email address has been confirmed, fill in your 11-digit BVN and date of birth in the following order (dd/mm/yy), if your BVN details are inaccurate, you will not be permitted to go past this interface. The N-Power programme is open to all. The N-Teach and N-Health sub-programmes are however open to only graduates.(In addition, please note that for N-Power Health, selection preference will be given to holders of Bachelor’s degree, HND, OND in health sciences such as Medicine, Microbiology, Nursing, Public Health, Botany, Midwifery, Psychology or other allied disciplines in the science)Where applicable, you will be required to upload your degree certificates and NYSC certificate Kindly note that the acceptable Government IDs are: International passport, National ID card issued by NIMC, Valid driver’s license, Permanent voter’s card. Review and submit page: Review all the information you have inputted and then submit.Upon submission, you will receive a unique ID number, write it down and keep it safe.The Ministry had announced last week that Batch A will exit June 30, 2020 and Batch B will exit the programme on July 31, 2020. The programme since inception has enrolled 500,000 applicants so far. 200,000 applicants were enrolled in Batch A which started in 2016 while 300,000 from Batch B which kick started in August 2018. The beneficiaries of the N-Power scheme according to the Minister will henceforth serve for less than 24 months. Source N-power, the federal government employment scheme for youths has on Thursday, November 23 released the breakdown on how 2017 applicants were selected. The N-power, on Monday, November 20 released steps in which candidates can check their pre- selection status and many candidates have demanded to know the criteria in which… November 23, 2017 In "Top Stories" The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said that it will commence the enrolment of the third batch of N-Power beneficiaries next week. According to the ministry, the decision to enrol the third batch of the scheme was made following consultations and a review of… June 19, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has disclosed that 400,000 applicants will be absorbed into the third batch of its N-Power National Social Investment Scheme (NSIP). The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development last week announced that it will commence the enrolment of the third batch of N-Power beneficiaries… June 22, 2020 In "News"