Recall that Jackye talked about her boyfriend cheating on her in her discussion in the Big Brother Naija House with some of the 2019 housemates and specifically with Mike who told her to place some value on herself. Lami first gave off hints of having a hard time in his relationship in a public apology he penned down to the reality show star on May 3. He admitted hurting her so much and begged her not to leave because “waking up to see her face is his dream and joy”. He wrote then; ‘You’re my lover, my girlfriend, my best friend, my heart desire and everything I sure would ever want. I cherish this love and will forever be grateful to you for making me realise what true love is… my past is something I ain’t proud of, I had hurt you so much and still you stayed and love me endlessly. My queen usually this would’ve been very hard for me to do but ama do it anyway… please dont leave babe, you’re my world my everything, my fresh air, my morning water, waking up to your face forever is my dream and joy. Please stop hurting me back, dont play the games I played you, it may turn out dirty and I wont be happy seeing u my true love get hurt by another, foreal I’m a G yes but I aint ashamed to say I led you there and I will never be too big to walk myself back to the basics of when our love was the greatest, come back to me my homie, fall for me again my flower, this time I am taking exception for you, the bullet has pierced my chest and I am bleeding badly inside out as I have felt something I have never felt. Like I have done before I wanna make it right again. I promise to make life sweeter like never before and will never get caught up in the bull crap ever again, I love you. IF YOU LOVE TO LOVE PLEASE GO TO MY BABY’S PAGE AND TELL HER AM SORRY AND I LOVE HER ‘. The apology came after Jackye indirectly revealed that she is not being treated right by her “man” in a short video she shared on Instagram. It has now been uncovered that Jackye dumped her boyfriend Lami for a young tech entrepreneur he (Lami) introduced her to. The young tech entrepreneur is said to be the owner of a cryptocurrency exchange company which has a head office in Lekki, Lagos State. Jackye met her new boyfriend through Lami who brokered the deal that got her signed as the brand’s ambassdor. The cryptocurrency exchange company also signed other Big Brother Naija housemates including Mercy and Tacha. The former couple have now confirmed that they are no longer together in a post they shared on Instagram yesterday June 16. See Lami’s post below; Source BBNaija's Jackye Madu's boyfriend, Oluwasegun Kosemani has taken to Instagram to beg her over an undisclosed issue. Oluwasegun who admitted that he has hurt the ex reality show star so much, begged her not to leave because "waking up to see her face is his dream and joy". He also… May 3, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija 2019 housemate, Omashola has revealed he would love to be in a relationship with Jackye. Omashola disclosed this on Saturday while speaking with Biggie during his diary session. He lamented about how other female housemates were confused about their relationship and others being engaged outside the house.… July 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" Ex-housemate, Gedoni Ekpata has reassured fans that his relationship with his love interest/co-star, Khaffi Kareem is beyond the show BBnaija. Gedoni said that he would be open to date his co-star, Khafi after the ongoing Big Brother Naija season four ends. Gedoni, who was part of the romantic pair, Khadoni,… August 27, 2019 In "Entertainment"