By Ojo Oluwafemi  Ese-Odo  –  A Chieftain of{ the All Progressives Congress(APC) in Ondo State, Mrs Olamide Falana, has drummed support for the re-election bid of Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu in the party’s July 20 primaries. Falana made this known on Sunday at a get together for Apoi ward 4 leaders, youths and party members at Igbonini in Ese-Odo Local Government Area of the state. She encouraged party leaders to focus on the goal which would ensure the success of Gov. Akeredolu whose mother was from Apoi. The APC chieftain said the meeting was to boost the morale of the ward leaders in her community and to genuinely work assiduously to ensure Akeredolu’s victory both at the primary election of the party and the general election. The ward chairman, Elder Duyile Manuwa, appreciated the convener whom he described as a respected leader in the ward and community for meeting the needs of the people in her own little way at all times. Manuel promised to continue to rally support for success of the party and solicited people’s support for Akeredolu. Also the Ward Secretary, Mr Akinboboye Orimisan, said they were in full support of the governor’s re-election bid. He promised to continue to mobilise the entire ward and community in support of the governor. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting was well attended by political gladiators in APC in the community. (NAN) By Ayodeji Alabi Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Monday reiterated his commitment to ensuring  that former militants  in Ilaje and Ese-Odo Local Governments in the state were integrated into the Federal Government Amnesty Programme. Akeredolu stated this during a “ thank you tour’’  to Ilaje, Ese-Odo,… March 18, 2019 In "News" By Ojo Oluwafemi Akure - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State on Saturday cancelled the chairmanship primary elections conducted in Ese-Odo Local government area of the state. The State Chairman, Ade Adetimehin, who addressed a news conference, described the primaries as null and void, saying that the local… February 8, 2020 In "Politics" By Tayo Ikujuni Akure -  Mr Afolabi Olaposi, a chieftain of All Progressives Congress (APC)  in Owo, Ondo State, was killed by unknown gunmen on Thursday night in Owo. The Party said in a statement issued by its Publicity Secretary, Mr Abayomi Adesanya, on Friday in Akure that Olaposi was shot… November 25, 2016 In "Top Stories"