By Deborah Coker Benin  –  The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo has rejected the committee set up By Gov. Godwin Obaseki to reconcile members-elect in the state House of Assembly. Mr Chris Nehikhare, PDP’s Publicity Secretary in Edo, said in a statement in Benin on Friday that the reason for such committee was baseless. He said that the 14 persons to reconciled with could no longer be described as lawmakers-elect because their seats had long been declared vacant. Nehikhare said that by law, the seats which were declared vacant ought to be occupied by PDP members who came runners up in the election. “Their refusal to subscribe to the oath of membership and allegiance all through the first session and first quarter of the 7th Assembly was tantamount to abdication of office. “The governor should know that the seats are no longer available to them, those 14 seats belong to PDP candidates who are also already in court,” he said. According to the PDP publicity secretary, it is wrong to describe people whose seats were declared vacant for failing to report for duty as lawmakers-elect. He further stated that the 14 affected persons were already in court seeking to restrain the Independent Electoral Commission from conducting by-elections into the seats. “As a party, the PDP has approached the court seeking to be joined as a defendant in that suit. “We did so believing that our rights may be affected,” he said. (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party in Edo State has asked the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to withdraw Certificate of Return from 14 members-elect in the Edo State House of Assembly whose seats were recently declared vacant. It said the refusal/neglect by the members-elect to subscribe to… December 22, 2019 In "Politics" BENIN - Mr Philip Shaibu, the Majority Leader, Edo House of Assembly, says the crisis in the Assembly was not fueled by the defection of four All Progressives Congress (APC) legislators.Shaibu told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Benin that what happened was contrary to the claims… July 15, 2014 In "Politics" By Deborah Coker Benin - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo, on Wednesday, called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to conduct supplementary elections in two wards in Esan North East Local Government Area. Mr Chris Nehikhare, State Publicity Secretary of the party, told newsmen in Benin, that… March 13, 2019 In "Politics"