San Francisco (California) –  A federal appeals court decided 2-1 on Friday that the Trump administration violated the law when it used military funds to build a wall on the Mexican border. The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said the power of the purse belongs to Congress, and the administration lacked constitutional authority to transfer the military money. Two Democratic appointees were in the majority. An appointee of President Donald Trump dissented. “The President has long supported the construction of a border wall on the southern border between the United States and Mexico,” Chief 9th Circuit Judge Sidney R. Thomas, a Clinton appointee, wrote for the court in one of two decisions on the issue. “Since the President took office in 2017, however, Congress has repeatedly declined to provide the amount of funding requested by the President.” The Supreme Court last year blocked an injunction against the use of military funding for the wall from going forward. Friday’s decision reinstated it. Brian Segee, a lawyer for the Center for Biological Diversity, said the Supreme Court‘s early refusal to allow the injunction to remain was “an ominous signal.” The centre has a separate challenge pending against the administration’s use of military funds for the project. (tca/dpa/NAN) Washington - Two U.S. senators on Monday unveiled a bipartisan compromise on immigration that would protect young “Dreamer” immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children. The step is intended to also boost security on the Mexican border. However, President Donald Trump appeared to dismiss the plan immediately, saying any… February 6, 2018 In "Foreign" Washington -  U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday disagreed with top democrats over the implementation of the President’s border security. In a dinner meeting attended by Vice President Mike Pence and two prominent democrats, the U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, it was an… December 11, 2018 In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -   Trump administration defended its hardline immigration policy at the U.S.-Mexico border on Monday as furor grew over the separation of immigrant parents and children, including video of youngsters sitting in concrete-floored cages.   Democrats blasted such treatment as "barbaric," while a few of President Donald Trump's… June 19, 2018 In "Foreign"