The Governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje, on Monday, said the decision of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to disqualify his colleague, Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, from seeking reelection on its platform was the right one. Recall that while Osagie Ize-Iyanmu said to be backed by the national chairman of the party Adams Oshiomhole, was cleared, Obaseki was disqualified over alleged “defective certificate”. Reacting to this while speaking to newsmen on Monday June 15, Ganduje backed the decision by recounting how the APC won a clean election in Bayelsa state but lost to the opposition party on point of legality at the court. Ganduje Said; “As far as Edo is concerned, we are worried about the legality of our action. We believe the national headquarters of our party is doing all it takes to stay in the right course. “We are conscious of legal implications, we don’t want to overlook anything that will turn to be our albatross, the issue of Bayelsa state where we won an election and taken away is still fresh in our memory”. Source •Governor Godwin Obaseki and Asiwaju Bola Tinubu ABUJA - Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State was in talks with the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, as part of his last-ditch effort to pick the party's ticket in the upcoming primaries in… May 31, 2020 In "Politics" •Adams Oshiomhole and Godwin Obaseki ABUJA - The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has tacitly endorsed the reelection bid of Ondo State governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredeolu, keeping mum on his Edo state counterpart, Godwin Obaseki. Speaking to newsmen after several hours meeting with the APC Progressive Governors… June 2, 2020 In "Politics" By Lizzy Ikuru Port Harcourt -  The Minister of Transportation, Mr Chibuike Amaechi, on Thursday urged APC supporters in Rivers not to allow members of the opposition parties to intimidate them during the rerun election. The rerun is slated for Dec. 10. Amaechi, the immediate past Governor of the state,… December 9, 2016 In "Politics"