Popular socialite Ismaila Mustapha a.k.a Mompha has laid a curse on those drawing the attention of U.S Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the International Police (Interpol) on him. Social media trolls began to tag the FBI and Interpol after his ex-bestie Hushpuppi was reportedly arrested in Dubai. After news of Hushpuppi’s alleged arrest spread, some Nigerians began to call for Mompha’s arrest as well. Mompha, however, didn’t find it amusing. He posted a picture of himself and laid curses on his trolls. ”…Note: For those idiots tagging FBI and Interpol on my page and saying you are next, na thunder go fire those hand you use in typing by the special Grace” he wrote. ”You idiot think FBI or Interpol don’t know Mompha  you must be really sick  fucking hypocrites they never mind their business Bastards!!!” he concluded. Earlier, he was formerly arrested and arraigned by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for alleged N32.9billion fraud. The Nation Ismaila Mustapha, a self-acclaimed bureau de change operator whose posh lifestyle has made him a darling of Instagram users, has been arrested by anti-graft operatives, a report by has revealed.  It was gathered that he was arrested in connection to alleged graft. Specifics of Mr Mustapha’s offence, especially the amount and… October 22, 2019 In "News" Nigerian actress Charity Nnaji, has continued her attack on arrested Instagram big boy, Ismalia Mustapha, popularly known as Mompha over alleged fraud. Recall that Mompha had sometime ago shamed Nnaji after she begged him money online.  Now, Charity Nnaji since Mompha's arrest has continued to attack him on her social media… October 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" A Lebanese identified as Hamza Koudeih and two others suspected to be accomplices of Dubai-based Nigerian social media celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha a.k.a Mompha have been arrested by men of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).  Operatives of the anti-graft agency arrested Koudeih after a three-hour stand-off at his N1.8… October 29, 2019 In "Metro"