Nigerian journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has questioned the death of Ibidun Ighodalo saying it is either a suicide or a murder. Taking to her social media page to react to the death of Ibidun Ighodalo, Kemi Olunloyo called on the Police to demand investigation in her death as she questions the fact that she died from cardiac arrest. Olunloyo who claims she was just getting to know the ex beauty queen whose death she says is “SUSPICIOUS”, shared some points which she believes are questionable and needs to be investigated. She Wrote; Ibidun Ighodalo just became my online friend this February 2020. She said she had a foundation, always checking on me in IG DM. I have screenshots. Why will her Instagram page be deactivated by anyone? @PoliceNG must Investigate how she DIED in a hotel room #Kemitalks There is a wave of poisoning deaths all over Nigeria. Pure nonsense! The Niger Delta Commission guy was also poisoned. Did someone poison her in the hotel? I want to know her last meal, @Facebook legal dept will tell us what time her IG was deactivated and from what location There must be NO COVER UP in her death. Wanna see her autopsy. 41yo women do have cardiac arrest SECONDARY to what though? To deactivate a page then cardiac arrest signifies SUICIDE, other way around MURDER. @PoliceNG get to work @GovWike pls open an investigation #kemitalks The hotel in Port Harcourt needs to be SEALED as a potential crime scene. The entire kitchen staff & management need to be detained and interviewed on what she ate before that cardiac arrest. Someone died in there. SHE MUST NOT be buried YET! #kemitalks Ibidun Ighodalo’s family needs to be interrogated on who ran her Instagram pages. The Nurudeen Lawal guy who travelled with her to PH must be detained for questioning. Did he run the foundation page along with her? Why isn’t an obituary posted on that page. @instagram @Facebook Rest in Peace Ibidun Ighodalo. I was just getting to know you. I’m an Investigative Journalist and your DEATH IS SUSPICIOUS. @PoliceNG @GovWike plssssss get to work. Segun @segalink pls read the thread. It’s a lawless country. Focus on the bigger picture. @GraffitiBMXCop DMI want to know if this was SUICIDE or MURDER!Angry faceAngry faceAngry face#RIPIbidun Source •The late Mrs Ibidun Ighodalo ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Mrs Ibidun Ighodalo (nee Ajayi), a former beauty queen is dead, aged 40. SundiataPost learnt that Mrs Ighodalo apparently slumped and died on Sunday morning (today) in her hotel room in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State, where she had gone to help… June 14, 2020 In "News" •The late Mrs Ibidunni Ighodalo ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Ighodalo and Olaleye Ajayi families have expressed profound sadness over the death of their daughter and daughter-in-law, Mrs Ibidunni Ighodalo, an ex-beauty queen, who died suddenly on Sunday (today) in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. She was the wife of a popular… June 14, 2020 In "News" Controversial social media personality and self-acclaimed journalist, Kemi Olunloyo who yesterday announced that the leader of the indigenous people of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu died of coronavirus in Italy and was cremated, has now given an update. She said Nnamdi Kanu is ‘Alive and Well’. Recall that her unverified report caused… April 22, 2020 In "News"