An attack by some gunmen at a filling station in Akure, Ondo state’s capital on Tuesday June 23, left one person dead. The state’s police spokesperson, Tee-Leo Ikoro said a filling station along Oba-Ile Road area of the city was attacked late in the night on Tuesday. Though the gunmen did not succeed in robbing the filling station, the incident however led to pandemonium with people scampering for safety. Two suspects were arrested not far from the scene of the incident in connection to the crime, while two other suspects who escaped are being trailed by the police. A rifle, a dane gun, some cartridges and live ammunition were recovered from the two arrested suspects. Ikoro said; “With the intervention of policemen, two of the armed robbers have been arrested. “There hasn’t been such an attack in Ondo State, that is to tell you that the rate of crime in Ondo State is minimal, and with this occurrence our men immediately swung into action, leading to the arrest of two of the hoodlums.” Source By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - Mr Gbenga Fasua, the Social Democratic Party (SDP) Chairmanship Candidate in Akure South Local Government in the upcoming local government elections, has alleged that he was attacked by gunmen on Friday. Fasua, in a chat with journalists in Akure, Ondo Sate, on Sunday, said that… March 8, 2020 In "Politics" The Lagos state police command have arrested two deserted soldiers in connection with the murder of a police sergeant. Bala Elkana, spokesperson of the state police command, says on May 16, detectives from Ilemba Hausa Police Station arrested one Kehinde Elijah “m” 45 years old of Ibiyeye Street, Whitehouse Bus… May 18, 2020 In "Metro" Detectives from Ondo State Police Command are on the trail of suspected ritualists who killed a 60-year-old woman with hunchback. The police are also on the trail of the woman’s son, who colluded with the kidnappers after being paid N7million. The woman identified as Mrs. Rukayat Abodunde, was abducted by… April 23, 2019 In "Metro"