Beijing –   China’s airline industry has showed signs of recovery in May with the decline in key indicators significantly narrowing from a month ago, the country’s top aviation authority said on Wednesday. Airlines flew a total of 25.83 million passengers last month, down 52.6 per cent year on year. The decline narrowed 15.9 per cent points from April, Xiong Jie, spokesperson for the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC), told a press briefing. Air cargo volume fell 12 percent year on year to 549,000 tonnes, compared with a 19.5 per cent decrease registered in April. The punctuality rate of Chinese airlines reached 94.8 per cent in May, Xiong added. China has been boosting the opening-up of the air transport industry. The CAAC on Tuesday unveiled a plan to trial the Seventh Freedom of the Air in the Hainan Free Trade Port to implement one aspect of a broader master plan, which was made public on June 1, to build the southern island province into a high-level free trade port. The Seventh Freedom allows a carrier to operate flights between two foreign countries without the need to touch down in the airline’s home country. The trial of the Seventh Freedom in Hainan means that some international routes in Hainan are now open to the operation of foreign airlines. The number of Hainan’s international routes reached 103 in 2020, up from five in 2003, according to the CAAC. Last week, the CAAC adjusted policies for international passenger flights, allowing more foreign carriers to resume flights to China on a once-a-week basis starting from June 8. Foreign airlines that have been unable to operate flights to China over the past few months due to the novel coronavirus pandemic can choose a qualified Chinese city for entry starting Monday. Airlines can file their pre-flight plans for the period to Oct. 24, 2020 to the CAAC. (Xinhua/NAN) The Minister of State for Aviation, Hadi Sirika, thinks he has found the medicine for public opinion: listen with blocked ears. It worked for him last year when the Abuja airport was shut down for six weeks for runway repairs. The announcement of the closure sparked public outrage and many… July 26, 2018 In "Opinion" Abuja -  The International Air Transport Association (IATA) on Monday said global airline share prices had increased by 5.2 per cent over the month of March as recovery from January declined. In ``Airlines Financial Monitor’’ produced by IATA and released by its Corporate Communication Unit in Abuja, the prices were… April 11, 2016 In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -    The International Air Transport Association (IATA’s) global passenger traffic result for May 2018 has indicated 6.1 per cent rise as against 6.0 per cent recorded in May 2017. Mr Alexandre de Juniac, Director General of the Geneva-based apex aviation body made… July 5, 2018 In "News"