By Muhammad Nur Tijani  Kano  –  Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has described the death of the former governor of Oyo State, Sen. Abiola Ajimobi, as shocking and devastating. The condolence is contained in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Malam Abba Anwar, on Friday in Kano. “His death came calling when we needed him the most. “He was undoubtedly a detribalised leader and a pillar of national development. “This death would continue knocking hard on us for a very long time,’’ he said. He prayed for Almighty Allah’s blessing and forgiveness to the reposed soul of the late Ajimobi. Ganduje also commiserated with Ajimobi family, urging them to strive hard and follow his footsteps of unrelenting commitment to nation building and patriotic leadership. “It is on this note that I, on behalf of my family, government and the good people of Kano State, send our condolences to the family of our late respected and in-law, the government and people of Oyo State, over this unbearable demise of the former governor,’’ Ganduje said. He then prayed for Almighty Allah to forgive all his shortcomings and reward his good deeds. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ajimobi reportedly died on Thursday evening in a private medical facility in Lagos after a brief sickness. (NAN) Fatima Ganduje-Ajimobi, a daughter of All Progressives Congress (APC) acting national chairman, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, has denied reports of his death. The former Oyo Governor, she said, is alive. Recall that there had been apprenhensions over the health of Ajimobi with some media organisations reporting he was dead. But Ganduje-Ajimobi,… June 19, 2020 In "News" By Akeem Abas   Ibadan   -     Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and wife of President ,Aisha Buhari were among the dignitaries that attended the wedding reception of Idris and Fatima Ajimobi. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that prominent Nigerians converged on Agodi Gardens in Ibadan on Saturday to celebrate with… March 11, 2018 In "News" The Lagos State Government has given details of the death of the former Governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi, who died on Thursday. Giving details of the ex-governor’s death on Friday, Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, said he died from multiple organ failure. Abayomi explained the multiple organ… June 26, 2020 In "Politics"