Abuja – President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with government and people of Oyo State over the passing on of  governor, Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi. Buhari said the contributions to the development of the state, and nation, will always be remembered. In a condolence message released by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Thursday, the President commiserated with the family of the former governor, who served the country as a Senator, 2003, before winning the governorship election in 2011. The president noted that the deceased remained steadfast and consistent in his progressive views, and working assiduously for the creation of the All Progressives Congress. According to him, Ajimobi, aged 70, left the world at a crucial moment when the party and the country needed his counsels to heal and grow, noting that his absence would be sorely felt by all associates, particularly in the APC. The President prayed that the almighty God would comfort the family of the former governor, and grant him a peaceful rest.(NAN) National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has explained why the party settled for former Oyo Governor Senator Abiola Ajimobi as its National Deputy Chairman (South). Oshiomhole gave the explanation while speaking to the State House Correspondents at the Presidential Villa in Abuja on Friday… March 20, 2020 In "Politics" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Ibadan - President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo have spoken glowingly of the former governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi, as he clocked 70. The duo felicitated with the former governor on the occasion of the Abiola Ajimobi Round Table on Monday in Ibadan. The… December 16, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - President Muhammadu Buhari has backed Victor Giadom, deputy national secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), as the acting national chairman. Garba Shehu, spokesman of the president, disclosed this to state house correspondents on Wednesday. Shehu said Buhari will attend the national executive committee (NEC) meeting of… June 24, 2020 In "Top Stories"