Nigerian stylist and entrepreneur, Toyin Lawani has said women are taking over the world and would subject men to washing dishes. The fashionpreneur made this controversial statement after her colleague celebrity, Ehi Ogbebor unveiled her multi-million mansion to celebrate her 35th birthday. Taking to her Instagram page, Toyin Lawani rubbished claims by many that women like Ehi who have made such great achievements sold their bodies or did all manner of black magic. Sharing the video, she said: “Heard men are angry cause I said they will wash plate. Lemme stress my beautiful teeth this sunday , boya oroyen Mawo brain yin , I’m in my house come and beat me. Someone needs to educate you silly mockers , thinking women cant work and make it , everyone looking for the easy way out , Go and work , hardwork pays , put in work and get the results , stop looking at other people’s time and hustle ,if you put in work you will get the results, no one has time to use words to motivate you, the works I display here daily is enough to motivate you, if you are bitter about another mans hard work success , it can never come to you even if you work morning and night, God doesn’t bless hateful people , ist bloggers have a way of cutting out parts they love to sell their dead ass blogs , and I will repeat it again , men who don’t work hard will wash plate , cause to ba shise wako bata fe gbe , nothing like imprisoning men ,they are our Kings, always understand what anyone’s says before typing shit and women who work very hard can be regarded as men metaphorically ,cause some men are fucking lazy and they expect women to do everything for them , I see a lot of this daily from some females , yo ladies don’t encourage this shit any man who doesn’t add value to you , kick them to the curb , relationship is meant to be vice Versa , women are not your slaves , we are humans too. God created both sex to serve one another , it’s not meant to be one way, we carry your kids for 9months, care for them and you , yet most women get beaten up and maltreated , when the woman now boss up yall start hating struggles you know nothing of ? Listen and digest if you have sense and I don’t see anything wrong in your men helping you in the kitchen if you have no choice or help , I regard those men as weak men ,you should be proud of your woman , Empower not enslave , hate all you want you know I always speak the truth and a speaker of truth has no friends. #kingofAllQueens” Watch the video below; Toyin Lawani "educates '' men who are angered by her statement that women are taking over and men will watch plates.#toyinlawani #bigbrother #nofilter #Jeossyjsblog A post shared by  Jeossy_Js blog (@jeossyjsblog) on Jun 28, 2020 at 5:04pm PDT Source If you need a house gift and you are a man, you might consider walking your way in the heart of Lagos socialite, Toyin Lawani.  Celebrity fashionista and designer, Toyin Lawani has revealed why she would marry three men as soom as she clocks 40. She revealed this in an Instagram… August 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian fashion entrepreneur, Toyin Lawani, plans to give Big Brother BBNaija housemate, Mercy And Cindy a styling deal when they are out of the house. Toyin Lawani who was pleased with the good things they said about her and Tiannah decided to compensate them for their love. Cindy who is… August 31, 2019 In "Entertainment" Toyin Lawani has narrated how a friend of hers influenced her to divorce her husband who was abusing her at the time they were married. In a post shared on social media, the fashion enterpreneur revealed that the friend who advised her to wait her marriage was a hypocrite because… April 24, 2019 In "Entertainment"