By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – In view of the successful completion of the deployment trial of 5G technologies and in  accordance with its powers under section 57 of the NCA, the Nigerian Communications Commission would be organizing a stakeholder consultative forum for their input in the development of a policy for the deployment. The stakeholders that would take part in consultative forum are; Ministry of Communications & Digital Economy, Office of the National Security Adviser, the National Assembly, Ministry of Health, National Environmental Standards & Regulations Enforcement Agency, Consumer advocacy groups, Academia, Nigerian Society of Engineers, Nigerian Medical Association, World Health Organisation, Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria, Mobile Network Operators, Nigerian Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Nigerian Institute of ICT Engineers, Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria, Association of Licensed Telecommunications Operators of Nigeria amongst others. The Commission noted that the deployment of Fifth Generation (5G) Technology will be beneficial for socio-economic development of Nigeria. This was contained in a statement signed by Nigerian Communications Commission, Director, Public Affairs, Dr. Henry Nkemadu made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reads in full: The Nigerian Communications Commission (the Commission) is mandated by Section 4(q) of the Nigerian Communications Act 2003 (the NCA), to prepare and implement programmes and plans that promote and ensure the development of the communications industry and the provision of communications services in Nigeria. Further to this mandate, the Commission considered that the deployment of Fifth Generation (5G) Technology will be beneficial for socio-economic development of Nigeria. The technology is an advancement of existing   mobile technologies (2G – 4G) with enhanced capabilities providing new and enhanced mobile communications services. Such enhancements include applications like Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Robotics, Drones, Advanced Communication Systems, Cloud, 3D Printing, Mixed Reality, Simulation / Imaging, Gamification. These will bring improvements in Manufacturing, Transportation, Public Services, Health and Social Works, Agriculture, Energy, Logistics, Media and Entertainment, Mining and Quarrying, Machinery and Equipment, Automotive, Education, Information and Communication, Urban Infrastructure, Consumer experience, Sports, Semiconductor Technologies etc. The deployment of 5G technologies will consequently promote the National Digital Economy for a Digital Nigeria that will improve the way Nigerians live and work. 5G has been deployed commercially and in use in some countries. As with the previous technologies, the International Commission for Non-ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) has classified radiation from 5G as non-ionizing and therefore safe for human beings. Following global trends in telecommunications development of 5G, the Commission in November 2019, embarked on a Proof of Concept (trial) with MTN in six locations using different equipment vendors for a period of three (3) months. Relevant stakeholders including members of the security agencies were involved in the trial. The trial was conducted to enable the Commission assess the performance of the technology in comparison with existing technologies, evaluate compliance to health and safety guidelines and also use the lessons learnt to guide Policy towards commercial deployment. The trial which was conducted on the 3.5 GHz and 26 GHz bands was successfully completed with performance showing improvement of 5G over the previous technologies with the radiation levels well below the specified human safety guidelines. The equipment used in the trials have long been decommissioned in all the locations. In view of the successful completion of the trial and a directive from the Honourable Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, the Commission commenced the development of a policy for the deployment of 5G in Nigeria. In line with its powers under section 57 of the NCA, and the need for wide public consultation, the process of developing this policy will involve a Public Inquiry which will involve all relevant Stakeholders in the review and consultation process. The following Stakeholders have been identified: Ministry of Communications & Digital Economy, Office of the National Security Adviser, the National Assembly, Ministry of Health, National Environmental Standards & Regulations Enforcement Agency, Consumer advocacy groups, Academia, Nigerian Society of Engineers, Nigerian Medical Association, World Health Organisation, Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria, Mobile Network Operators, Nigerian Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Nigerian Institute of ICT Engineers, Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria, Association of Licensed Telecommunications Operators of Nigeria amongst others. The Consultative Document is currently being developed and will be shared with these stakeholders and the general public, following which a Stakeholder Consultative Forum will be held. The views of all stakeholders will be considered in the final Policy Accordingly, the details of the proposed public consultation will be widely published in due course. 5G will not be deployed in Nigeria until the Policy is concluded and approved. SIGNED Dr. Henry Nkemadu Director, Public Affairs Nigerian Communications Commission. Prof, Umar Danbatta, executive vice chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission records uncommon achievements in more than four years in office Right from August 4, 2015, when Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, was appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari as the executive vice chairman and chief executive officer of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC,… January 14, 2020 In "News" A News Analysis by Constance Imasuen, News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) In today’s world, Information Communications Technology (ICT) has taken the front burner in the formulation of government policies because of its importance to the growth and development of the economies of nations. However, educating telecom consumers is important as… December 31, 2018 In "Features" The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) says there’s no is no correlation between the Fifth Generation Technology (5G), Coronavirus (COVID-19) and Security. Dr Henry Nkemadu, Director, Public Affairs, NCC made this clarification in a statement following recent materials being circulated, linking COVID-19 with 5G Technology. The statement, which was signed by… April 6, 2020 In "News"