By Mohammed Tijjani Kaduna –  The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Kaduna State Command, has deployed 150 Agro Rangers to protect some agricultural investments in the state. The state Commandant of the corps, Babangida Dutsinma, made the disclosure during inspection visit to some of the agricultural investment sites on Saturday in Kaduna. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that sites visited included Golden Acres Limited, Federal Livestock Development Project, National Grains Reserve Silo, National Livestock Training Centre and Zonal Headquarters of National Livestock Project. Dustinma said the visit was to assess the level of the protection given to the sites and their requirements for enhanced security. He explained that the Corps had singned a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Federal Ministry of Agriculture to train agro rangers at theNSCDC training college in Katsina. “The target is to see that agriculture allied investments both under federal and states are properly manned and secured. “Security is everyone’s bussines, what is important is intelligence information. “If residents can provide us with useful information, we have personnel who are well trained and will curtail some security challenges particular at this time when raining reason has began.” NAN report that the Head of Agro Rangers Unit of the Command, Assistant Commander Adepke Ogiri and other officers where part of the inspection visit. (NAN) By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Gov. Samuel Ortom on Tuesday, inaugurated the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) Agro-Rangers unit to curb security challenges facing the agricultural sector in the state. Speaking at the ceremony on Tuesday in Makurdi, Ortom commended the Federal Government for approving the establishment of… February 4, 2020 In "News" By Rabiu SaniMaiduguri - Mr Abdullahi Gana, the Commander General, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), said the corps established agro-ranger squad to guarantee safety of farmers and pastoralists in the country. Gana made this known at the inauguration of the agro-ranger squad in Maiduguri on Wednesday. Gana, who… August 14, 2019 In "Metro" By Emmanuel Acha Enugu - Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC) Enugu State Command on Monday inaugurated its special squad known as Agro Rangers. NSCDC State Commandant, Mr Everestus Obiyo, said that the squad was part of their response to check clashes between herders and farmers. Obiyo said the squad… September 3, 2019 In "Metro"