Badagry (Lagos State)  –   The Onimeke of Imeke Kingdom, Oba Olatunji Ogabi, has called on politicians in Nigeria to fulfill their campaign promises to the electorate. Ogabi told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Badagry that politicians should stop making empty promises. According to him, many politicians, not minding if there was money in the offices they are contesting for, keeping making all manners of promises to the electorate. Ogabi said it was when they assume offices they would soon realise that the fund they would use to fulfill their campaign promises was not there. He said that most politicians went into politics with the aims of enriching themselves, not minding the fact that the masses were expecting dividends of democracy. “Let us look at what happened during the COVID-19 lockdown, some politicians were given good items to their members only instead of providing for the public in general. “In my kingdom, I provided food items and palliatives to members of the public three times without knowing their background, this is what I expect from the politicians too. “They should have it at the back of their minds that 80 per cent of votes they got during elections came through the public and not their party members. “Some politicians are writing their names on top of the food items giving to the public, this is wrong; the money they used to buy these items belonged to the government,” he said. The Onimeke of Imeke said that politicians should be going to their constituencies quarterly to account for what they had done for their constituents within some periods. “If this is done, some of our politicians will retrace their steps and fulfill some of their campaign promises,’’ the monarch said. Ogabi, however, commended the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari for adopting June 12 as Democracy Day. (NAN) LAGOS - Some artistes in Nigeria on Thursday appealed to politicians and Nigerians to guard their utterances and not heat up the polity ahead of the Feb. 14 general elections. They made the appeal in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]Lagos. They… January 22, 2015 In "Entertainment" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau -   The Emir of Gusau in Zamfara, Alhaji Ibrahim Bello, has advised politicians to ensure that they fulfill their campaign promises to enhance the nation’s socio-economic development. The monarch gave the advice when a committee set up by the state government to create awareness on… August 9, 2017 In "Top Stories" ABUJA - The Primate, Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), The Most Rev. Nicholas Okoh, said on Friday that the church would collaborate with the government to work for the progress of Nigeria. Okoh said this in his address known as the Bishop's Charge, at the formal opening ceremony of the… May 22, 2015 In "News"