IMMEDIATE past Executive Director of Projects, EDP of NDDC, Engr Adjogbe Samuel today escaped death, following an attack on his car by suspected assailants between Ughelli and Evwreni town along the busy East/West Road, Delta State, Vanguard reports. Vanguard gathered that the Lexus 570 Jeep of Adjogbe Samuel was attacked by the suspected assailants, shooting the occupant of the car on the owner’s seat, Mr Samuel Adibor on his head. One of his security aides, who pleaded anonymity, said they were heading from Ughelli to Evwreni at about 7:40 pm when they were intercepted by the attackers. He added that they were three in the car. He said the attackers fired sporadically at them with a gun which appeared to be AK47, lamenting that they shot at them through the front, back windscreens and side glass of the Lexus Jeep. Saying that they escaped death by the whiskers, he held that Mr Samuel Adibor was already receiving treatment in one of the hospitals in Ughelli. He said the matter has been incidented at the Ughelli ‘A’ Police Division. Contacted,  Mr. Adjogbe Samuel confirmed the incident, adding that “they were attacked between Ughelli and Evwreni on their way from Ughelli at about 7:40 pm and my second driver, Mr Samuel Adibor was shot on his head. “He is presently taking treatment in one of the hospitals in Ughelli. Thank God, no life was lost.” As at the time of filing this report, effort was still being made to reach the police authority in the State for comment on the matter. However,  a Senior Police Officer in the State who pleaded anonymity, confirmed the incident, adding that the matter was already being investigated. By Yinusa shola     Omu-Aran   -         The All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for the Irepodun/Ekiti/Oke-Ero and Isin federal constituency Nov. 17 by-lection, Mr Raheem Olawuyi, was on Thursday allegedly attack by unknown gunmen. Mr Femi David, the campaign spokesman told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that Olawuyi was… November 15, 2018 In "News" NDDC Begins Emergency Repairs on East West Road June 30, 2017 In "News" By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt -  The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has directed its contractor handling the 23.58 kilometres Igwuruta-Etche road project to return to site immediately. Mr Samuel Adjogbe, the Commission’s Executive Director, Projects, gave the directive when he led officials of the commission to inspect road projects… November 25, 2016 In "News"