Singer Davido’s brother Adewale has debunked the rumours that the singer and his fiancee, Chioma Avril have broken up. According to a report by Stella Dimoko Korkus, the break up may not be unconnected to the recent baby mama issue trailing the singer. It was reported earlier that Davido welcomed another child with UK-based socialite Larissa London. The report further called that the singer and the mother to his son, Chioma parted ways after series of issues in their relationship. However, the singer’s brother has come out to quench the fears of the couple’s fans about them. According to him, they are still together. “You people,” he said while laughing and shaking his head. “Yes, they are still together,” Adewale confirmed. Watch the video of him speaking below; Davido and Chioma are still together — Brother, Adewale. : @DaddyFRZ pic.twitter.com/63D9AfDPLz — Laila Ijeoma | Lailasnews.com (@LailaIjeoma) June 23, 2020Read Full Gist as reported by Stella Dimoko Korkus, that the celebs parted ways; Popular Musician Davido and his woman Chioma (whom he put a ring on her finger and welcomed a son with) are allegedly no longer a couple for now due to circumstances beyond their control…Or should we call it Irreconcilable differences? The Estranged love birds allegedly no longer live in the same house and are presently not in good terms according to what is being whispered…. The Insiders who say that Chioma did not have COVID 19 as earlier made to believe allege that the couple had a fight back then and that story was sold to the public to hide ‘slap marks and punch marks’. These Insiders also say that Chioma did wrong by joining him ” to shame his other baby mamas not knowing that the cane that flogged the first and second one was waiting by the corner to flog her…She didn’t behave like a babe from Eastern Nigeria at all,Because babes from that part are smart and will make sure you wife them totally to avoid stories that touch but Chioma got carried away by love and the expensive gifts,albeit that some looked like audio gifts”. Even though there are allegations that the couple are no longer together because he welcomed a new child with a 4th lady,I cannot say for certain that it is true but you can take it to the Bank that what is tearing them apart is greater than what bound them together…. There are also whispers that the story about being passed from her alleged ex to him also did some damage to their love…..sad! Davido and Chioma are no longer as active as they used to be on their social media handles and Chioma has recently began to disable commenting from her page because of trolls while he is allegedly trying to recover and drop the crutches… If they are meant to be together,they will make up the break up and shame those laughing now…… A Love story falling apart is not the end of the world but let us wait and see…You can never tell with the power of love! Source Music susperstar David Adeleke aka Davido has unfollowed everyone on his Instagram page, including his wife, Chioma Rowland, brother Adewale Adeleke and the rest of his crew. A visit to the singer’s Instagram page on Wednesday shows he is not following anyone despite having over 17million followers. Davido started cleaning… June 17, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Patricia AmoguAbuja - Super star Davido has shared plans to officially tie the knot with his long time girlfriend, Chioma Rowlands.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 27-year-old singer had just concluded an introduction ceremony with his would be wife’s family on Monday.On photos he shared on… September 5, 2019 In "Entertainment" •Davido and Chioma Nigerian Afrobeat star Davido has announced that his fiance Chioma has tested positive for the new coronavirus, according to a Guardian report. It quoted Davido as revealing that Chioma recently returned from the United Kingdom with their baby. The baby tested negative, the singer said. "Unfortunately, my… March 27, 2020 In "Entertainment"