Joe Biden said he expects the military to escort President Trump out of the White House should the incumbent lose the 2020 election and refuse to leave. The former vice president, who last week secured enough delegates to clinch the Democratic nomination, told The Daily Show host Trevor Noah late Wednesday that Trump is “going to try and steal this election,” referring to Trump’s claim that mail-in ballots lead to voter fraud, and his “greatest concern” is voting problems similar to what was seen in Georgia’s primaries. Biden was later asked if he has considered what would happen if he wins and Trump resists leaving the White House. “Yes I have,” he said. Following what appeared to be a jump in the interview, Biden touched on retired military leaders who have spoken out against Trump in recent days over his threat to use military force to quell unrest in protests across the nation in response to the death of George Floyd in police custody. He also noted “so many rank-and-file military personnel saying, ‘Whoa, we’re not a military state. This is not who we are.'” Biden then said, “I promise you: I am absolutely convinced they will escort him from the White House with great dispatch.” Among the military leaders who have denounced the president are retired Marine Gen. Jim Mattis, who served as Trump’s defense secretary, and John Allen, a retired four-star general in the Marine Corps. A letter of support for Biden bore the signatures of 55 retired military leaders. Biden also discussed police reform and race, saying, “Donald Trump didn’t invent racism, but he sure has promoted it.” Source Washington - Many Senate Republicans are hoping that after the impeachment trial is over, President Donald Trump will let it go. But it may be the Trump campaign that decides whether to close the door for good on the Ukraine controversy that led to the president’s impeachment. As the Senate… February 6, 2020 In "Foreign" Former President Barack Obama has endorsed his former vice president, Joe Biden as the Presidential candidate of the Democratic party and the President of the United States. In a video message he shared on his social media accounts, the former US President urged Democrats to rally behind Biden and form… April 15, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington - U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday rejected the Democratic-led House of Representatives’ impeachment charges, describing the allegations that he had abused his power and obstructed Congress as affronts to the U.S. Constitution that must be rejected. “The Senate should speedily reject these deficient articles of impeachment and acquit… January 20, 2020 In "Foreign"