By AbdulFatai Beki Ilorin  –   Ahmed Rufai, the newly elected member of the Kwara House of Assembly representing Patigi State Constituency, was on Tuesday sworn-in by the Speaker, Yakubu Danladi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ahmed Rufai is the younger brother of the late member, Saidud, who died in December 2019. Rufai was declared winner by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) following the bye- election in Patigi Constituency in March 2020. The Assembly, however, had yet to swear-in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Jimoh Raheem-Agboola, who was directed by the State Election Tribunal to take over the seat of the APC member for Ilorin South Constituency, AbdulAzeez Elewu- Oluwanilo. Raheem-Agboola, in company with scores of PDP supporters in the state, had on three occasions stormed the House for the implementation of the court judgment without success. But addressing journalists on Tuesday on why the PDP candidate was not sworn-in, the Chairman, House Committee on Information, Mr Olumide Awolola, said Raheem-Agboola as plaintiff did not join the present occupant of the seat, Abdulazeez Elewu-Oluwanilo, in the suit he filed. He said Elewu-Oluwanilo had also approached the Court of Appeal to seek interpretation and implication of not being joined in the suit. (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Kwara House of Assembly bye-election on Saturday witnessed a considerable turn out of voters in some polling units while many other electorate defied the restriction of movement order to carry out their normal businesses. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed March 14 for… March 14, 2020 In "Politics" By Abiodun Esan Ilorin - Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), says seven political parties have indicated readiness to participate in the March 14, Patigi State Constituency by-election in Kwara. Garba Madami, INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Kwara, made disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… February 17, 2020 In "Politics" By Abiodun Esan Election Ilorin - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says 373 candidates from 19 political parties would take part in Saturday’s Governorship and House of Assembly elections in Kwara. INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in the state, Malam Garba Madami made this known while speaking with the… March 7, 2019 In "Politics"