BENIN- Chairman of the seven-member Edo Governorship Primary Election Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Governor Hope Uzodinma, has said that only 18 persons will be allowed at once in the 192 wards for the exercise. He said the committee’s decision was to prevent violation of Governor Godwin Obaseki’s COVID-19 regulations. Obaseki had prohibited gathering of more than 20 persons at a point throughout the 18 local government areas of Edo state. Uzodinma, who is the Governor of Imo State, stated this on Sunday evening in Benin while briefing reporters on the procedures for the governorship primary election. The chairman, who spoke through the secretary of the committee, Senator Basiru Ajibola, assured the primary would be hitch-free and peaceful. Uzodinma said: “Voting will commence simultaneously at 8 am at the 192 wards in Edo State. Not more than 18 persons will be allowed to gather at the same time from the commencement of voting to the end of the exercise, when the results will be announced. “We are strictly complying with Edo State’s extant law prohibiting gathering of more than twenty persons. “Not more than 18 persons, including presiding officers and observers of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), shall be at each of the wards’ voting centres at any point in time. “There shall be simultaneous accreditation and voting in batches, until all eligible members of APC have cast their votes, without violation of Edo State’s COVID-19 regulations. “Not more than 18 persons shall also be in attendance for the announcement of results at all wards’ centres and collation of results at all levels, including the state collation. “All members of APC and members of the public are enjoined to be peaceful and comply fully with Edo State’s COVID-19 regulations.” (The Nation) By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - A factional of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo says it has rejected the Gov. Hope Uzodinma-led committee on the conduct ot the party’s primary in the state. Tne factional Chairman, Anslem Ojezua, made known the rejection in a statement he issued on… June 19, 2020 In "Politics" Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja -  Sen. Hope Uzodinma, representing Imo West Senatorial District, has called for adoption of direct primaries in Imo to end crisis and ensure victory for the All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2019 general elections. Uzodinma told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Friday,… September 21, 2018 In "Politics"