President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the nomination of former Finance and Coordinating Minister of the Economy, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as Nigeria’s nominee for the position of Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO). The revelation was made on Thursday in a document released to the media. The president also withdrew the candidacy of Yonov Frederick Agah, Nigeria’s permanent representative to WTO, for the position. The election is scheduled for Geneva, Switzerland in 2021, after Roberto Azevedo, former director-general of the organisation stepped down a year to the end of his second term. “The embassy of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and permanent mission to the African Union (AU) and United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) presents compliments to all embassies and permanent missions in Addis Ababa and has the honour to inform that the Federal Government of Nigeria has withdrawn the candidacy of Ambassador Yonov Frederick Agah for election to the position of Director-General of the WTO. “In this regard, Mission also wishes to inform that his Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the nomination of Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to replace Ambassador Agah, as Nigeria’s candidacy for the position of the Director General of the WTO. “Nigeria is therefore pleased to request the support of esteemed AU member states as well as permanent missions and embassies in Addis Ababa in favour of the candidacy of Okonjo-Iweala,” the document read. Source by Harrison Arubu United a Nations - The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Friday named former Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, as a Special Envoy for the newly inaugurated Access to COVID-19 Tools (ACT) Accelerator. She is to serve alongside British business executive, Sir Andrew Witty in the same… April 25, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress Presidential Organisation (APCPCO) has challenged Minister of Finance and Coordinating Minister of the Economy, Dr (Mrs) [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to speak up on the allegation of missing N30 trillion under her watch by former Central Bank Governor,  Prof. Chukwuma Soludo. In… February 3, 2015 In "News" Nigeria is blessed with courageous women who cannot be overlooked in the economic, political and social growth of the country. These women have steered the course of history in a usually male-dominated environment. They have made a distinct impact with their selfless works and their ambitions have brought them national… September 6, 2019 In "News"