Innocent civilians in Katsina and Borno states, on Friday night and Saturday, again came under deadly bandits and terrorists’ attacks, orchestrated by the bloodthirsty criminals. Though the Village Head of Mazoji ward was killed by the bandits in Katsina, it was learnt that the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) fighter aircraft’s bombardments neutralised scores of Boko Haram insurgents who were fleeing Mungonu, after the ground troops foiled their attack. PRNigeria gathered, that at least 8 people were killed, 10 sustained injuries, while others were feared Kidnapped or missing after gunmen attacked Yankara town and some of its neighbouring villages in Faskari Local Government Area (LGA) of Katsina. Similarly, bandits also killed Alhaji Dikko Usman, Sarkin Fulanin Fafu and the Village Head of Mazoji Ward in Matazu Local Government Area of Katsina state on Friday’s night. The attack is coming barely three days after over 50 persons were killed in Faskari and few weeks after the assassination of another a traditional ruler and district head of Yantumaki, Atiku Maidabino in his palace under Danmusa Local Government Area When contacted, the spokesperson of the Police Command in Katsina, Gambo Isah, promised to get back to PRNigeria with their latest findings on the incidents. Meanwhile, Nigerian troops have repelled the terrorists’ attempted invasion of Monguno, the hometown of national security adviser, Mohammed Monguno in Borno State. A dependable military source in the North East told PRNigeria the insurgents stormed Monguno town in the afternoon shooting sporadically in attempt to overrun the town. However, the Nigerian military troops successfully repelled the attack of the insurgents, with the help of aerial interventions from its fighter jets. The military intelligence source said: “While the ground troops from the military bases in Monguno engaged the terrorists, the attack aircraft of the Nigerian Air Force destroyed eight vehicles of the fleeing Boko Haram terrorists. “The terrorists suffered heavy casualty as they lost eight of their vehicles.” (PRNigeria) More than 10 people were feared killed on Wednesday evening by bandits who attacked four communities in two local government areas of Katsina State. It was learnt that dozens of the armed bandits who rode on motorcycles stormed the communities in Danmusa and Kankara council areas to commit the crime.… July 5, 2019 In "News" The Commanding Officer of the 158 Battalion of the Nigerian Army, Lt. Col. Azubuike, and several of his troops have been killed by fighters of the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP). The gallant soldiers fell during an attack on their facility located at Kareto village, in Mobbar Local… June 15, 2019 In "Security" **Arrest 5 militias, 11 bandits, kill one bandit **Recover caches of arms and ammunition. By: Kingsley Omonobi  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In continuation of its onslaught against criminal gangs and BHT/ISWAP terrorists across the country, troops of the Nigerian Army have arrested 81 Boko Haram terrorists, logistics suppliers and informants… January 2, 2020 In "Top Stories"