By Muhammad Nur Tijani  Kano  – Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State on Friday commended the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, Plateau, for training technocrats who have initiated policies that have placed Nigeria on the path of development.Ganguje gave the commendation in a statement by Mr Hassan Fagge, Chief Press Secretary to the Deputy Governor, Alhaji Nasiru Gawuna,.Represented by Gawuna, during a virtual meeting with NIPSS Directror-General and participants of Study Group 5 of the Senior Executive Course No.42, Ganduje said the institute has been Nigeria’s veritable development tool through its research and data gathering mechanism.Ganduje assured the management and participants of the Institute of his administration’s continued partnership and cooperation.Speaking earlier, the Director -General of the NIPSS, Prof. Habu Galadima , said this year, President Muhammad Buhari challenged participants to conduct a research with the them:Population and Human Capital Development in Nigeria. He said the idea behind the study theme arose from the Nigeria’s growing population “which now poses a challenge and need for emphasis on human capital development”.Represented by the Director of Studies, Dr Nasiruddeen Usman, he said the participants of the Study Group 5 were on study tour of Kano one of the states selected, because of its high population profile, with elevance to the theme of the courseHe added that during the study tour,they participants would interact with relevant public and private organisations so as to gather data on population growth and human capital development in Kano State. Galadima noted that the report at the end of the course would be presented to the President in November this year. In his remarks on behalf of the participants, a Commissioner of Police, Ali Janga said the virtual meeting has deepened their knowledge and management of growing population and human capital development. He assured that input received from the Kano state government would be reflected in their report at the end of the course (NAN ) ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari hosted members of the Course 37 of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru at the Presidential Villa, Abuja on Thursday. President Buhari receiving the report from the director-general of NIPSS, Prof. Tijani Muhammad-Bande during the presidential parley between President Buhari and… November 12, 2015 In "News" Abuja- The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Suleiman Abba, on Tuesday, redeployed 33 Commissioners of Police (CPs) to Commands and Formations across the country with immediate effect. The redeployment is contained in a statement signed by Mr Emmanuel Ojukwu, the Force Public Relations Officer in Abuja. With the redeployment, Mr Danladi… February 10, 2015 In "News" Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state on Tuesday said federal and state governments were fully committed to liberating Nigeria from its current security challenges. He stated this at the opening of a four-day Annual National Conference of the Faculty of Social Sciences, Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto. The theme… August 11, 2015 In "News"