The Director-General of Voice of Nigeria, Mr. Osita Okechukwu, has praised Appeal Court verdict upholding the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Recall that a three-man panel of the Court of Appeal on Tuesday upheld the earlier judgement delivered against Oshiomhole by a High Court. Reacting, Okechukwu, who is a chieftain of the APC, said the judgement was in order. He noted that by the verdict, “a Daniel has come to judgement.” Hailing the move in a statement made available to newsmen, he said: “It is good riddance to bad rubbish. He was playing God. One is vindicated, as I had maintained that Comrade Adams was no more a valid chairman of our great party. “Out of narcissism, he glossed over his valid suspension by his ward executive and with culture of impunity failed to adhere to the provisions of APC Constitution. “A man who lost his ward, LGA and State Exco has no reason to remain chairman. The good thing is that his suspension will afford a golden opportunity for the leadership of our party to overhaul and reposition our great party along the core progressive tenets, as we enshrined during merger in our constitution.” “Let’s be frank, and do a careful review of Adams stewardship and take our party as a company in stock market. As MD of APC Plc and taking states controlled in 2019 as stocks, did Adams pass or fail? He failed woefully,” Okechukwu declared. Source Adams Oshiomhole has been returned as the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress following his victory at the Appeal of Court on Monday. Recall that the Appeal Court vacated an earlier judgement ordering his suspension. Following that order, the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole has summoned a… March 17, 2020 In "Politics" The Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Chief Victor Giadom and Abiola Ajimobi have all claimed to be the acting National Chairman of the party. This comes after the Appeal Court on Tuesday upheld the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the APC.… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja - Mr Ade Omole, leader, All Progressives Congress (APC) UK Chapter has called for calm following the court-ordered suspension on Adams Oshiomhole , National Chairman of the party. NAN reports that an FCT High Court on Wednesday granted an order of interim injunction stopping Oshiomhole from… March 5, 2020 In "Politics"