The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami (SAN), has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to sack the Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu. According to TheCable, Malami made the disclosure in a memorandum to the President on Thursday, he accused Magu of several offences such as “diversion of recovered loot, insubordination and misconduct”. The Minister of Justice also claimed that most of the recovered assets by the EFCC were allegedly sold by Magu without the knowledge of anyone, adding that the EFCC boss is reckless and a liability to the anti-corruption war. According to the minister, there were accounting gaps or discrepancies of figures concerning the recovered assets, claiming that Magu was not transparent enough in the management of recovered assets. Malami also accused the EFCC boss of disclosing a total naira recovery of N504 billion but lodged N543 billion in the Recovery Account with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). According to THISDAY, Malami in his memo the President also included a shortlist of three candidates for consideration to replace Magu. However, a source within the Presidency told the newspaper that ”removing Magu at this time when he has given muscle to Buhari’s anti-corruption fight would be a mistake.” “It is painful that the EFCC boss is facing certain powerful forces who have decided to remove him in spite of his remarkable achievements.” By Philomina Attah Abuja - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has referred as baseless allegation against its acting Chairman, Mr Ibrahim Magu, by a U.S. senator, Charles Grassley, over 300 million dollars ‘Abacha loot’. The 86-year-old U.S.Republican Senator had on April 1, addressed a letter to the Chief… April 10, 2020 In "Metro" Magu: Osinbajo Is On His Own, Attorney General Malami Says July 5, 2017 In "Top Stories" ABUJA - president Muhammad Buhari has been advised to disregard calls on him to sack  the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr Abubakar Malami. This advice was given by Mr Philip Agbese, national coordinator of a group, Stand Up Nigeria (SUN)  at a press conference  in… May 23, 2016 In "News"