By Muhammad Nasir Bello Sokoto –   The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, has directed the Muslim Ummah to look out for the new moon of Dhul-Qadah 1441 AH from Sunday, June 21. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Dhul-Qadah is the 11th month in the Islamic Calendar which comes before the 12th month of Dhul-Hijja, when Muslim Ummah perform annual Hajj. Abubakar made the call in a statement on Saturday signed by Prof. Sambo Junaidu, Chairman, Advisory Committee on Religious Affairs, Sultanate Council, Sokoto. “This is to inform the Muslim Ummah that Sunday, June 21, 2020, which is equivalent to 29th day of Shawwal 1441 AH, shall be the day to look out for the new moon of Dhul-Qadah 1441 AH. “Muslims are, therefore, requested to start looking out for the new moon and to report its sighting to the nearest district or village head for onward communication to the Sultan,” he said. The Sultan prayed for Allah to help all Muslim Ummah in the discharge of their religious duties. (NAN) The Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs on Tuesday called on Muslims to observe the practice of social distancing when looking out for the moon in the forthcoming Ramadan. The organisation specifically advised that Muslim fateful should look for the moon at their residences without going out in groups. The… April 22, 2020 In "News" By Muhammad Bello/ Habibu Harisu Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, the Sultan of Sokoto has declared Friday April 24, 2020 as the first day of the Ramadan fast in Nigeria.Abubakar announced the sighting of the new crescent in Sokoto on Thursday in a radio and television broadcast.He… April 23, 2020 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bello Sokoto -  The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, on Saturday, urged Muslims to start looking for the new moon of Jimada Ula 1440AH. Abubakar made the call in a statement signed by Prof. Sambo Junaidu, the Chairman, Advisory Committee on Religious Affairs, Sultanate Council,… January 5, 2019 In "News"