Turin (Italy) –   Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty kick as hosts Juventus were held to a 0-0 draw by 10-man AC Milan on Friday. But the Turin side still squeezed into the Coppa Italia final as the season restarted following a three-month stoppage for the novel coronavirus. Juventus qualified for Wednesday’s final on away goals following their 1-1 draw in the first leg of the semi-final, played on Feb. 13. They will now face Napoli or Inter Milan who meet on Saturday. The two key moments happened within six seconds of each other early in the match played behind closed doors at the Allianz Stadium. Juventus were awarded a penalty kick in the 16th minute after the VAR officials spotted the ball hitting Andrea Conti’s elbow. But Ronaldo, whose late penalty kick in the first leg turned out to be decisive, slammed his effort against the foot of the post. It was the second penalty kick missed by the 35-year-old in two seasons at the club. AC Milan cleared the ball upfield but, as they did so, forward Ante Rebic aimed a wild kick at Danilo. He was consequently sent off, forcing the visitors to play for more than 70 minutes with 10 men. AC Milan, missing veteran forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic with a calf injury, held out well but rarely threatened to snatch the goal that would have taken them into the final. They caused Juve only one real fright when Hakan Calhanoglu was close with a diving header early in the second half. “The emotions are strange,” said Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci. “After 90 days, we were playing again in an empty stadium and it was strange at the start.” Juventus coach Maurizio Sarri did not give a post-match interview while his counterpart Stefano Poli was left to reflect on the goal they conceded at home and Rebic’s red card. “We committed the naive act of ending up with a man less. Then afterwards we had a great game and then we had chances to go ahead,” he said. “The results are clear, two draws. The difference was subtle. I don’t think we played worse than our opponents in the two games.” (Reuters/NAN) Rome - A stoppage-time Cristiano Ronaldo penalty rescued a 1-1 draw for Juventus at 10-man AC Milan on Thursday in the first leg of their Coppa Italia semi-final. Ante Rebic’s volley gave the hosts a deserved lead after 61 minutes, following a string of good saves from veteran Juve goalkeeper… February 14, 2020 In "Sports" Rome    -      AC Milan will face title-holders Juventus in the Coppa Italia final after beating Lazio 5-4 in a tense penalty kicks shootout on Wednesday. The shootout followed three and a half hours of goalless football between the two sides. Earlier, Juventus scored from a disputed penalty kick to beat… March 1, 2018 In "Sports" Milan,   -     Cristiano Ronaldo will try again to score his first goal for Juventus and Inter Milan will attempt to secure their first league win of the season in the weekend’s Series A games. The World Player of the Year added another prize to his collection on Tuesday when his… August 31, 2018 In "Sports"