By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta –   No fewer than eight staff of the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Idi-Aba, Abeokuta, have tested positive for COVID-19. Mr Segun Orisajo, Head of Public Relations and Information of the hospital, confirmed this in a statement on Friday in Abeokuta. Orisajo said that the affected staff consisted of medical doctors, nurses and an administration personnel. He said they were part of the team which had contact with a two-and-half-year-old positive toddler currently receiving treatment at the centre’s isolation ward. Orisajo noted that the positive status of the affected staff was detected during the round of contact tracing carried out by the hospital’s Infection Control Team. According to him, none of them has so far showed symptoms of the virus. “The Medical Director, Prof. Adewale Musa-Olomu, said although none of the staff is asymptomatic, they have been asked to proceed on self isolation and basic treatment commenced for them. “He wished and prayed for the quick recovery of the staff even as he expressed confidence that they will soon return to their duty post. “He reiterated his earlier assurances about the safety of the centre for workers and patients,” Orisajo said. (NAN) The management of the Federal Medical Centre in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, has confirmed that a two-year-old girl has tested positive for the coronavirus at the centre. The child was said to have been admitted into the facility eight days ago on account of breathlessness. According to a statement… June 22, 2020 In "Health" According to Daily Trust, the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Idi Aba, Abeokuta, Ogun State, was thrown into panic on Saturday after a pregnant woman was said to have died from Covid-19 complications at the hospital. It was gathered that the deceased, who was tested for COVID – 19 alongside two… May 3, 2020 In "Health" There is anxiety among members of staff of DAAR Communications, owners of RayPower FM and AIT television stations as they await results of more coronavirus tests conducted on some of them by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Sunday PUNCH has learnt. The apprehension was as a result of the… May 3, 2020 In "News"