ABUJA (SundiataPost) – As part of measures to cope with the boom and bust cycle in the global crude oil market and to sustain revenue generation for the Country, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) is firming up a bouquet of business portfolios in the power, medical, housing and other sectors that would strengthen the profitability of the National Oil Company.A statement Thursday in Abuja by the NNPC Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, quoted the corporation’s Chief Operating Officer, Ventures and Business Development, Mr. Roland Ewubare, as saying that the Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano (AKK) pipeline network would enable the NNPC to deepen its footprint in the power sector through the establishment of an Independent Power Plant.The NNPC Chief Business developer made this submission at an appearance on Arise TV Global business report programme.Ewubare stated that NNPC would use its network of excellent medical centres across the country to provide innovative healthcare for Nigerians.“NNPC is creating an energy company that would have portfolios in renewable energy; we have initiatives on solar that is ongoing. We have got biofuels agreements with some state governments that would soon be activated. We do have a lot of non-core businesses that are aggregated under the Ventures and Business Development Autonomous Business Unit of the NNPC that would be expanded through effective collaboration and partnership with the private sectors,” Ewubare informed.He disclosed that the NNPC had a lot of hectares of land across the country and would soon be partnering with private developers to reduce the housing deficit in the country for the benefit of Nigerians who are the core shareholders of the corporation. Ewubare explained that NNPC’s aspiration was to achieve a  $10 per barrel cost by the fourth  quarter of 2021, adding that a lot of logistics costs would be recalibrated to drive down the cost of crude oil production in the country.“When you have a low commodity price regime, as the case now, the only way we are able to squeeze out some reasonable cash and financial gain to the nation is by curtailing and constraining our costs in line with the GMD’s aspiration to push for a $10 per barrel cost of production. Against this backdrop, the conversation around cost becomes an imperative and urgent one”, Ebuware stated.The NNPC Chief Business Developer said the corporation was working closely with its partners to commercialize flared gas by converting it to Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) and Liquefied Natural Gas, adding that the gesture would preserve the flora and fauna of the country. Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar made an unpopular statement during the campaign worth a second thought. He said if he was elected president, he would sell off the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC), even if it would cost him his life.  It didn’t seem anyone was interested in his life,… April 18, 2019 In "Opinion" The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC Dr. Joseph Thlama Dawha has expressed the desire of the Corporation to enhance existing cordial relationship between the NNPC and the Nigerian Army as well as the Nigeria Police Force towards the achievement of efficient protection of vital oil… August 27, 2014 In "News" ABUJA - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on Monday said that it would continue to seek expansion of the market frontiers for the nation’s crude. The Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs, (NNPC), Mr Ohi Alegbe, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… December 8, 2014 In "Business"