By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja  –  The Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has constituted Reconciliation Committees for Edo and Ondo States.APC Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yekini Nabena, said this in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday.Nabena said that the reconciliation committee for Edo would be led by former Senate President, Sen. Ken Nnamani, while Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger would head the reconciliation committee for Ondo State.“This is in line with the process of true reconciliation among leaders and members of the party at all levels, announced by the National Chairman of the Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee, Gov. Mai Mala Buni.“Members of Edo reconciliation committee headed by Nnamani includes the Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Raji Fashola and the Minister of State for Labour, Mr Fetus Keyamo.“Others are Prof. Tahir Mamman, Mrs Margaret Okadigbo, Mr Sanusi Musa and Mr Abdul-Rahman Kawu Sumaila as Secretary.“While members of the Ondo State reconciliation committee headed by Bello includes Sen. Adamu Aliero, Sen. Bamidele Opeyemi and Mr Gambon Magaji.“Others are Mr Jasper Azuwatalum, Hajiya Binta Muazu, Mr Iquo Inyang and Mr Shina Pellar as Secretary,” he said. (NAN) By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja -  Mr Adams Oshiomhole, the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman, has inaugurated a National Peace and Reconciliation Committee for each of the six geo-political zones of the country to reconcile all aggrieved members of the party ahead of the 2019 general elections. Oshiomhole, while… November 21, 2018 In "Politics" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - Bayelsa State Governor, Henry Seriake Dickson has described the setting up of a seven-member National Caretaker Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as a good development. According to him, such was a right step towards repositioning the party for the 2019 general elections. A statement… May 23, 2016 In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja   -       The National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has approved the formation and composition of a National Peace and Reconciliation Committees for each geo-political zone. This, according to a statement by Malam Lanre Issa-Onilu, the party’s National Publicity Secretary, on Monday in… November 20, 2018 In "Politics"