An 18-year-old convicted rapist has been jailed after his parents forced him to report himself to police when they discovered an apology message he texted to his victim. Restaurant worker Jack Evans, 18, forced himself on a virgin and he would have escaped justice because the student never reported the attack. However, when he apologised to her by text two months after the sex attack, his dad Jonathan and his stepmother Sarah Morris, both 47, saw the message and told him to tell police. They marched him to a police station where he told officers his name and what he had done. They tracked down his victim, who told them about the attack and he was charged with rape. Evans’ mother, Denis Stewart also made him confess to the crime. The victim said she was left feeling “worthless” and unable to trust men again. Evans’ father Jonathan Evans, 47, said outside Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court: “I wanted him to tell the truth, he had to do the right thing and admit his guilt. “It’s been difficult for all of us and it’s caused quite a few arguments.” The court heard Evans’ victim had told him to stop at the last minute but he had carried on during the attack in January last year. Prosecutor Claire Pickthall said: “She didn’t make a complaint but two months later Evans and his stepmother turned up at a police station to say what had happened.” Evans, of Pontypool, South Wales, was jailed for two years and ordered to register as a sex offender. He was watched by Deniz Stewart, his biological mother, who he told he loved as he was sent down. She was in court with him after she made him confess to the crime. Gareth Williams, defending, had asked for a suspended sentence because of the “exceptional circumstances.” He said; “It is extremely rare for anyone to admit to such a serious offence without there being a complaint.” But Judge Tracey Lloyd-Clarke said there were aggravating features and Evans had to be locked up. He was sent to a Young Offenders’ Institute for two years after being given discount for his age and his guilty plea. Source ABUJA (SundiataPost)- Relief has come the way of female students of Ekiti State University (EKSU) as a suspect who had raped many of them in recent times has been arrested. The 18-year-old suspected rapist, Chidi Okoye Christian, who goes to the off-campus residence at Iworoko community of the students to… September 20, 2018 In "Education" A kidnap suspect, Mukaila Alatunse has revealed how the ‘success’ story of Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, otherwise known as Evans forced him into kidnapping business. Alatunse said he wanted to make money like the notorious kidnapper, who is now cooling his heels in police custody. The police in Ogun State foiled an… July 13, 2017 In "News" A teenage foster child reportedly raped and brutally tortured a six-year-old girl to death after being left to babysit. Antonio Evans was 14 when he attacked little Destine King and her siblings, a seven year-old girl and nine year-old boy, in Memphis, Tennessee, in December 2015. All three of his… November 26, 2019 In "Metro"