Charles Oputa, a veteran Nigerian singer better known as Charly Boy, has taken to social media to count his blessings ahead of his 70th birthday. In a post on his Instagram page, the controversial entertainer reflected on his life so far, examining how he has succeeded as an individual and a family man. In a video accompanying the post on Thursday, Charly Boy revealed that he has so far fathered nine children — six from his previous marriages and three with Diane, his current wife. “I have sixteen, not ten, not five, not fifteen but sixteen grandchildren and I believe God has blessed me and my prayer to ordinary Nigerians is that may God bless you,” he said in the video. My Family My Children My health My Spiritual Alertness My Pedigree&Heritage My Late Parents My Spiritual Gardian The Beauty of my Soul CharlyBoy  The Spirit Of Contentment  A Simple Life A Good name. My People, Everyone who is alive can find something to be grateful for if they look for it.  May God bless you more than he blessed me. #charlyboyat70 A post shared by  Charly Boy Area Fada 1  (@areafada1) on Jun 11, 2020 at 1:43am PDT He went on to appreciate God for sustaining him over the years, noting that being alive is something worthy of celebrating. “Counting my Blessings. My Family, children, health, spiritual alertness, pedigree&heritage, late parents, spiritual guardian…the beauty of my soul, a simple life, a good name,” he captioned the post. “My people, everyone who is alive can find something to be grateful for if they look for it. May God bless you too more than he blessed me #charlyboyat70.” He also used the moment to celebrate his 40th wedding anniversary with Diane, better known as Lady D. “A decent Family is a mixture of incredible and unbreakable bond, created by mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers. It’s comfort in a world of uncertainty, a shoulder to lean on” AreaFada(CharlyBoy) #charlyboyat70 A post shared by  Charly Boy Area Fada 1  (@areafada1) on Jun 10, 2020 at 11:52pm PDT The Afrobeat star cum activist turns 70 on June 19, 2020. Source ABUJA - Maverick entertainer Charly Boy, (real name Charles Oputa), on Monday said prominent musicians, Dbanj and Terry G would perform at a concert to mark the death of his father, Justice Chukwudifu Oputa. Oputa, the former Justice of the Supreme Court (JSC), died Sunday afternoon at the National Hospital… May 5, 2014 In "News" Charles Oputa, has declared that cannabis is a blessing to him. Charly Boy or Area Fada as he is popularly called said this in a Facebook post on Sunday morning. “Fela no smoke igbo pass me Naira Marley na apprentice for weed,” he started, before embarking on his marijuana-smoking journey.“The… December 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja, Jan. 14, 2015 (NAN) Charles Oputa, popularly known as Charlie Boy, on Wednesday, said his 37-year-old marriage had been a blessing and lesson for others to learn. He said this at a rotary club of Asokoro District 9125 meeting held at Chelsea Hotel, Wuse 2, Abuja, presided over by… January 15, 2015 In "Entertainment"