Controversial Nigerian cross dresser, Okuneye Idris better known as Bobrisky was seen earlier today in a convoy on their way to celebrate his father on his birthday. In a recent video he uploaded on his official Instagram page on Monday, June 15, the cross dresser wrote that he was out to give his father a surprise. Excited about his father’s birthday, Bobrisky wrote; “Going to surprise my dad. Thanks to @royalhugssurprises for turning up for me. Happy birthday daddy. “ While wishing him a happy belated birthday, lots of fans wished they could see the father’s photograph, which Bobrisky has never posted before. If you recall in 2019, the controversial dresser’s birthday that was supposed to take place on August 31st was botched by the Police after they stormed the venue to disperse everyone. The Lagos Police Command at the time, through Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana said the police acted on intelligence to seal the venues. He Said; “The operation is currently ongoing. It is true that we have sealed up the venue of the party based on some intelligence. Considering the pedigree of the celebrant, the event may likely cause a breach of public peace and it is expected that no immoral display should be allowed. “To augment security at each of the venues, ACPOL Area ‘A’ Lion Building/SUPOL Victoria Island mobilise 50 men to provide security at Club DNA, No 76 Adetokunbo Ademola Street, opposite Eko Hotel and Suite, Victoria Island and Paradise Boat Club, plot 8, Walter Carrington Crescent, Victoria Island.” Watch Video Below; Going to surprise my dad. Thanks to @royalhugssurprises for turning up for me. Happy birthday daddy. A post shared by  okuneye idris Olanrewaju (@bobrisky222) on Jun 15, 2020 at 3:12am PDT Source Popular Nigerian cross-dresser and socialite, Bobrisky, on Saturday, went into hiding when the Nigerian policemen stormed his 28th birthday celebration venue, in lekki, lagos, Vanguard reports. While it appeared Bobrisky was nowhere to found, The policemen shut down the venue of the birthday celebration. Vanguard recall, that the Otyunba Runsewe,… September 1, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Taiye Olayemi Lagos - The National Council for Women Society (NCWS) has commended the Inspector General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, for spearheading the campaign against moral decadence in the country.The society also lauded Mr Olusegun Runsewe, the Director General, National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), for exposing… September 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian male barbie, Bobrisky has taken to social media to react after police stormed the venue of his birthday bash.   Nigerian cross dresser, Bobrisky has taken to his snapchat to placate fans after being booted out of his birthday venue. The Nigerian male barbie was left embarrassed yesterday after security operatives… September 1, 2019 In "Entertainment"