Milan (Italy) –  Inter Milan coach Antonio Conte is refusing to throw in the towel and believes they still have a chance to win Serie A in spite of dropping nine points behind leaders Juventus. Conte, in his debut season at Inter Milan, said there were no limits for his side. They restart their Serie A campaign after the coronavirus stoppage by playing their game in hand at home to Sampdoria on Sunday. “Winning on Sunday would mean moving to within six points of top spot with 12 games to go: it’s not an impossible mountain to climb. “We’ve worked hard and with intensity. I’m feeling positive,” Conte said. “We want finish the final part of the league season playing at the maximum level with no holds barred and no limits,” he added. “While we’ve got less margin for error than those ahead of us, we have desire, enthusiasm and passion.” Inter Milan, who have 54 points, lost ground after losing to Juventus and second-placed Lazio in their last two games before Serie A was halted in March. Juventus lead with 63 points, followed by Lazio on 62. Conte said that late kick-offs and the high summer temperatures presented new challenges. “Planning for a match that will kick off at 21:45 requires attention to detail in terms of how we organise the day: breakfast, lunch and breaks need to be considered,” he said. “As regards the fans, it’s obviously difficult for them not being able to come to the stadium, and we feel this absence too. “We hope that this really complicated period will pass because we need normalcy to return and the Nerazzurri fans back supporting us.” “We’ll be playing every three to four days, the heat will be a factor and therefore everyone will be needed. We’ve also worked with this in mind, trying to involve all the players.” (Reuters/NAN) Milan - Inter Milan’s new signing Romelu Lukaku has been handed the coveted number nine shirt which previously belonged to Mauro Icardi who was stripped of the captaincy last season. Inter Milan posted a photograph of the Belgian forward wearing the shirt on the club’s Instagram account one day after… August 9, 2019 In "Sports" Napoli's problems are mainly in the mind and should sort themselves out if their players can keep their cool, according to coach Rafael Benitez. The Spaniard is already under pressure after his side lost to Athletic Bilbao in the Champions League playoff, a defeat which cost the club around 35… September 18, 2014 In "Sports" Milan (Italy) - Lazio will attempt to chalk up their ninth consecutive league win when they visit lowly Brescia on Sunday as they threaten to turn Serie A into a three-horse race. Third-placed Lazio have moved six points off the leading pair of Inter Milan and Juventus with a game… January 3, 2020 In "Sports"