By Aminu Garko Minna –   The Police Command in Niger has arrested one Baba Aliyu for allegedly stealing a Toyota Camry car with registration number RSH 379 AP in Wuse area of FCT Abuja.Aliu, 45, is from Lambata in Gurara Local Government Area of the state.ASP Wasiu Abiodun, the Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), made this known in a statement on Monday. Abiodun said that, based on a tip-off on June 26, at about 16:30 hours, Police patrol team attached to Gawu Babangida division intercepted a Toyota Camry vehicle with registration number RSH 379 AP along Minna – Suleja road.“The driver refused to stop and the patrol team gave the vehicle a hot chase, as a result, the driver abandoned the vehicle at Lambata and took to his heels. ” Policemen chased the suspect and shot him on the leg before he could be arrested,” he said.The command spokesperson said that the suspect was rushed to the hospital for treatment and later identified as one Baba Aliyu of Lambata area of Gurara local government area.He said that preliminary investigation revealed that the vehicle was stolen at Fowad Libabidi Mosque, Wuse Zone 3, Abuja.He said that the suspect would be charged to court after investigation. (NAN) By Aminu Garko   Minna -   The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) said it had arrested a man with fake military uniform and 218 kilogrammes of substance suspected to be Indian Hemp in Niger. The agency’s Commander in the state, Mrs Sylvia Egwunwoke, told News Agency of Nigeria… December 11, 2018 In "News" Lokoja - Police command in Kogi said it had arrested 24 persons suspected to be kidnappers, armed robbers and bandits. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Hakeem Busari, stated this on Thursday in Lokoja, while briefing newsmen. He said that four persons – Adamu Hassan, Umar Salihu, Ibrahim… May 23, 2019 In "Metro" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Enugu Police Command, on Friday paraded 12 suspects for alleged armed robbery at various locations within two weeks in the state. Briefing newsmen at the Police Headquarters, Enugu, while parading the suspects, the state’s Commissioner of Police, Mr Balarabe Suleiman, said the suspects were… March 1, 2019 In "Metro"