Entertainment critic and artist manager, Lawrence Nana Asiamah Hanson, known as Bulldog in the showbiz cycles have again gone way board with another serious comment in an interview on Okay FM. According to him, his 9 months old baby girl is wiser than the whole of Ghana Police Service. He made these comments when he was recounting an encounter he had with the police over Fennec Okyere’s death. Bulldog some years back was apprehended by Police Criminal Investigation Department (CID) in 2014 at Kokomlemle, a suburb of Accra, as the lead suspect in murdering Fennec Okyere, who was then Kwaw Kese’s manager. Years have gone by and the issue seems not to fade away. Narrating how the Police mishandled him over the murder of Fennec, Bulldog said he was treated as a piece of trash adding that the arrest has since soiled his reputation. Speaking to Halifax on the effect of Fennec’s death on his life, he said he’s lost many contracts and other important relations that could have brought him much money because people still see him as a bad man even though the court vindicated him. Source: GHPage Delta State - General Overseer of Liberation Ministry, Pastor Sunday Chinedu (33), has told operatives of the Inspector-General of Police (IG) Special Intelligence Response Team (IRT) how he became part of the syndicate selling unborn babies in Delta State. Chinedu was arrested along with Madam Isioma Uko, Mr. Adagbo Samuel… November 15, 2019 In "Metro" By Ijendu Iheaka Aba (Abia) - Mrs Goodluck Ogbuji, wife of late Nwamaka Ogbuji, an Ugwuatti Community Youth Leader in Ukwa, Abia State, has appealed to the Federal and Abia Governments for justice. Ogbuji was an alleged victim of extra-judicial killing by Police Mobile Force men. Goodluck made the call… February 12, 2020 In "News" According to a report by The PUNCH, the officials of the gender-based violence response team of the Vicar Hope Foundation, Umuahia, have rescued a two-year-old child suspected to have been locked up for several days in an uncompleted building at the Zone 5 Agbama Housing Estate, Umuahia, Abia State. The… April 30, 2020 In "Metro"