By Oluwafunke Ishola  Lagos  –  The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Tuesday commended all public servants working on the frontline of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. WHO in a statement also expressed its gratitude to them in commemoration of the United Nations Public Service Day. Public Service Day is celebrated annually on June 23, as a tribute to people associated with public service globally. WHO noted that public servants all over the world had continued to work in the community, saying many people shelter at home, risking their lives to ensure safety of others. “Whether working in healthcare or delivering essential services in the areas of sanitation, social welfare, education, postal delivery, transport, law enforcement, fire fighters and more. “Today, we are grateful to all these people. They risk their lives for us during COVID-19. “We need them, we rely on them, and they keep our societies running. “COVID-19 has turned our world upside down, and while many of us shelter at home, they are risking their lives to help everyone get through the pandemic. “They innovate, they keep us safe, they keep us informed, and they keep us healthy,” the world health body said. WHO noted that citizens often do not think about the public servants, but whether in an emergency or day-to-day life, one could always count on them. It urged the world to celebrate and appreciate public servants on the frontline of COVID-19 pandemic response. WHO also paid homage to the frontline health heroes, who were working to keep citizens safe during the COVID-19 pandemic, and to recognise their roles in helping the world achieve Health For All. (NAN) By Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has urged federal and state governments to neither stop nor deduct workers’ salaries amidst the fight against COVID-19 pandemic. Mr Ayuba Wabba, the NLC President made the call on Tuesday in commemoration of the 2020 International Workers’ Memorial Day with… April 28, 2020 In "News" Benin - Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo, on Thursday, extended the dusk-to dawn curfew from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. for another 14 days. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Obaseki, had on April 19, announced a 10-day dusk to dawn curfew to contain the spread of COVID-19… April 30, 2020 In "Politics" The Society for Family Health (SFH), has called on Nigerians not to panic but focus more on precautionary measures to avoid contracting the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). Dr Omokhudu Idogho, Managing Director, SFH, made the call in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Friday in Abuja. “I encourage… March 27, 2020 In "Health"