New Delhi  –   Google has removed a popular app from its Play store in India that scans users’ smartphones, identifies apps made in China and removes them. The app was removed because it violates Google’s policies which do not allow apps to delete or deactivate other apps unless they are related to security, the U.S. tech company said. The app lets users decide whether to delete apps developed by Chinese companies. If the application did not find any applicable apps, a message popped up telling users, “You are awesome, no China app found.” The app only recently hit the Indian market and quickly went viral with five million downloads, according to experts. That popularity may partly be due to heightened tensions between India and China. The two countries are locked in a protracted dispute over a border in the Himalayas, after China won a war over the territory in 1962. There have been repeated clashes ever since, and several people were injured in an incident in May, according to reports in Indian media. These tensions have led to greater anti-Chinese sentiment in India, where celebrities have called on followers to delete apps made in China, including TikTok, which enjoys widespread popularity in India. An alternative to TikTok, likewise popular in India, was also recently removed from Google’s Play store due to policy violations, local media reported. On Tuesday, an editorial in China’s state-run Global Times newspaper wrote, “If the Indian government allows this irrational anti-China sentiment to further ruin bilateral relations, it will likely lead to a quid pro quo penalty from Beijing.” (dpa/NAN) New Delhi - Alphabet Inc’s Google has taken down an Indian mobile application from its app store that allowed users to remove other Chinese apps from their phones as it violated certain company policies, a spokesman said on Wednesday. The app, “Remove China Apps”, had become top trending free app… June 3, 2020 In "Foreign" It is billed as an easy and secure way to chat by video or text message with friends and family, even in a country that has restricted popular messaging services like WhatsApp and Skype. But the service, ToTok, is actually a spying tool, according to American officials familiar with a… December 24, 2019 In "Technology" BY NATASHA BAKER TORONTO - Finding new smartphone and tablet apps is getting easier, thanks to new apps designed to help people discover still more apps. Most people discover apps by searching app stores or through referrals from friends and family, according to global information and measurement company Nielsen. But… May 7, 2014 In "News"