Why does Shehu Nicholas Garba, the House of Representatives member representing Jema’a/Sanga Federal Constituency, Kaduna State, think he needs 79 aides to effectively carry out his work as a federal legislator? He is statutorily entitled to only five official aides. Garba, 60, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), is in his third term in the lower federal legislature. Before his current term, which will end in 2023, he was a member of the house from 2011 to 2015, and 2015 to 2019. It is not clear when he concluded that he needed more than the statutory number of official aides to do his work. His Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mock S. Kure, in a statement, listed the 79 aides expected to help Garba serve his constituency maximally. The aides, according to a report, come from “the 23 wards that make up the Jema’a/Sanga Federal Constituency, with responsibility covering: Legislation, Liaison, Political Affairs, Strategy, Women/Youth Mobilisation, Media, Elders Council, Physically challenged among others.” According to Garba, “these aides were chosen on the basis of their competence, deep commitment to the PDP and grassroots-orientation and are expected to contribute in bringing representation closer to the people.” He added that “these appointments will help in empowering and motivating party faithful and also contribute to the sustenance and visibility of the party in the constituency.” It is not clear if the extra aides will be paid for their work, and how much they will be paid. If they will be paid, it is not clear how Garba intends to provide the funds. It is noteworthy that some time ago, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported that some members of the National Assembly, “especially principal officers, have more than the statutorily approved number of aides in their employ, who also draw their salary from the assembly’s funds…It was also revealed that many legislators draw the emolument of their aides from the assembly’s funds but pay them fractions. Some of the lawmakers employed only one or two aides but are collecting the full salary for the five they are entitled to.” The point is that Garba needs to clarify the question of funding. Importantly, he is the Chairman, House Committee on Anti-Corruption, which means that he needs to demonstrate honesty. Lawmakers should respect rules. Garba cannot justify the appointment of the large number of extra aides, which contradicts the rule. The Nation A member of the House of Representative member representing Jema’a/Sanga Federal Constituency, Hon. Shehu Nicholas Garba has raised questions after appointing 79 aides that will assist him in the discharge of his responsibilities to his constituent. The appointment was made public in a statement issued by his Adviser on Media… June 16, 2020 In "Politics" Kafanchan (Kaduna State ) - Jema'a Local Government Area of Kaduna State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has commenced a `` thank you’’ tour to the 12 wards in the area. The tour was in appreciation to the party members and the electorate for voting for the PDP during… December 8, 2015 In "Politics" •The late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari The Presidency has announced that there will be no condolence visits to the family of the late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mr Abba Kyari. The Senior Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Garba Shehu, said this in… April 18, 2020 In "Top Stories"