Sydney  –  A former Australian High Court judge, Dyson Heydon, was found by an independent inquiry released on Monday to have sexually harassed six young female associates. The inquiry, run by former inspector general of intelligence and security, Vivienne Thom, was set up after the women took their complaints to Chief Justice Susan Kiefel in March 2019. However, Heydon denied the accusations. “We are ashamed that this could have happened at the High Court of Australia,” Chief Justice Kiefel said in a statement. She confirmed the lengthy investigation found that “the Honourable Dyson Heydon, AC, QC” had harassed six former staff members. “The findings are of extreme concern to me, my fellow justices, our chief executive and the staff of the court,” the chief justice said. The High Court is the highest court in the Australian judicial system. She apologised to the six women, saying “their accounts of their experiences at the time have been believed.” Heyson, 77, a conservative legal scholar, served in the High Court from 2003 to 2013 and in 2014 ran a royal commission into trade union corruption. Heydon denied the claims via his lawyers, who said “any allegation of predatory behaviour or breaches of the law is categorically denied by our client.” “Our client says that if any conduct of his has caused offence, that result was inadvertent and unintended, and he apologises for any offence caused,” law firm, Speed and Stracey, said in a statement to the Sydney Morning Herald. (dpa/NAN)  The Lagos state government yesterday showered encomiums on the retiring Chief Judge of the state, Justice Ayotunde Philips as she made history handing over to her younger sister Justice Funmilayo Atilade who are both daughters of a for­mer judge, the late Justice James Williams. At a well-attended pro­gramme held at… August 21, 2014 In "News" By Yakubu Uba Yola - The President Court of Appeal, Justice Zainab Bulkachuwa, on Friday inaugurated the newly completed building of Yola Division of the Court of Appeal in Adamawa. Bulkachuwa, said at the ceremony, that the inauguration was a dream come true for the project which started 10 years… February 21, 2020 In "News" •Ex-MINT Boss, Okoyomon, awaits extradition as UK court convicts Australian accomplice ‎ ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has debunked media reports accusing its chairman, Ibrahim Magu of refusing to obey an order of court in the fundamental right enforcement action brought against the Commission… May 13, 2016 In "News"