Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor of Sokoto state Aminu Tambuwal and his Enugu state counterpart, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi has eulogized the former House of Representatives member, Hon Robinson Uwak on the occasion of his Birthday. Tambuwal who, in his goodwill message described Hon Uwak as a “beacon of selflessness and service”, said I join all Nigerians to wish you wisdom, grace and utmost success for the journey ahead. On his part, Governor Ugwuanyi in a message to felicitae with Hon Uwak wrote, “A very happy birthday to a great leader and a friend. As you grow in age, so shall your strength. Others who took time out to show affiliation with the former House of Representatives member are: former Speaker, Yakubu Dogara, Hon Mohammed Umar Bago, Hon James Faleke. Hon. Mohammed Bago chronicled Uwak as a “passionate and dependable ally” while wishing Uwak peace,good health and prosperity as he adds yet another year. Happy Birthday Hon Uwak! May the years ahead of you be filled with good health, wisdom and strength for greater service to humanity.Congratulations as you add another year today. Hon. Prince Ofor Chukwuegbo in his goodwill message to Uwak described the former lawmaker as a friend and brother in whom he is well pleased and prayed for better days ahead in the life of Uwak. “Happy birthday to our great man, may God protect you and grant you victory in your journey of lifeDaramola in a short statement said, I joined millions of Nigerians to send warm greetings to a grassroot politician and man of the people. May God Grant you more blissful years ahead as I wish you continued good health and wisdom. Hon Robinson Uwak was House of Representative Member who represented Oron, Mbo, Okobo,Ure-Offong/Oruko and Udung-uko federal constituency of Akwa Ibom State at the 7th House Of Representatives. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Speaker of House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Yakubu Dogara and Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state, have eulogised a former Member of the House of Representatives and a chieftain of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Hon. Robinson Uwak on his birthday. Hon. Uwak… June 4, 2019 In "News" Bauchi (Sundiata Post) - Bauchi State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Hamza Ibrahim Usha, said on Thursday  that  Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State had invested heavily in Bauchi people and should expect to reap the benefits of such investments in his quest to become president… September 28, 2018 In "Politics" By Ayo Akanni ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate Bukola Saraki; Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara; Governor Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal; former Governor of Kano State, Rabiu Kwankwaso, and about 50 other members of the New PDP (nPDP) group in the ruling All Progressives… May 27, 2018 In "Politics"