The first son of Archbishop Joseph Masin, the Nasarawa State Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria, who was kidnapped on May 28, Bishop Miracle Masin, has said he sold about three cars belonging to him, his wife and his father before he could raise the ransom to secure his father’s release, The PUNCH reports. He noted that they also got contributions from some individuals to secure the release of his father who was abducted at his residence in Bukan-Sidi, Lafia Local Government Area of Nasarawa State. While decrying the harsh treatment meted to his father, who is also the General Overseer, Word of God Worldwide Gospel City, in an exclusive interview with The PUNCH on Tuesday, Miracle refused to disclose the amount paid by the family. He explained that they started negotiations with the kidnapers from N45m, noting that when the kidnappers checked his father’s contacts on his phone and saw the caliber of persons there, they jacked up the ransom to N50m. He said, “Millions of naira was paid but we are not ready to disclose it now. The pressure was so much but we thank God for everything. The negotiations began from the day he was kidnapped till he was released on Saturday, May 30 around 11.45pm. He got home on Sunday around 4am.” Miracle noted that the entire family was delighted to have his father back in good condition. He added, “My father didn’t even know where he was until he met some people, who were running away from him until one of them was bold to come close and ask him what happened. They later took him to a place where we met him in.” While describing the kidnappers as beasts, he said his father was left in a bush and was sleeping on stones with his shorts. He added, “For those days, my father couldn’t eat. They were bringing food but he couldn’t eat because he was not sure of what was in the food and he didn’t trust them. “They released him along Eggon but the ransom was actually paid in Obi.” While expressing his gratitude to Governor Abdullahi Sule, his deputy, Dr Emmanuel Akabe, and the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Bola Longe, Miracle pointed out that the state government was not involved in the payment of the ransom. He called on the government to boost security across the state to tackle the issue of kidnapping in the state. Source By Sunday John Lafia - The Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Nasarawa state chapter, Bishop Joseph Masin, who was abducted by gunmen on Thursday in Lafia has regained his freedom. Mr Bola Longe, Commissioner of Police (CP) in the state confirmed the release of the CAN chairman to newsmen… May 31, 2020 In "News" The family of Kennedy Nwashindi, a lawyer who was abducted in the Asaba area of Delta State, has lamented the silence of the kidnappers after ransom was paid for his release, a report by Punch has revealed. It was gathered that the 54-year-old was kidnapped by gunmen on April 6… May 14, 2019 In "News" By Sola Ojo, Kaduna  Pastor in charge of Living Faith Church, Ungwan Romi, in Kaduna, Jeremiah Omilewa, has been allegedly killed by kidnappers along Kaduna─Abuja highway. The kidnappers are demanding N20 ransom on the abducted wife who was seized during the unfortunate incident that happened on Sunday night. The late… August 6, 2019 In "Top Stories"