LAGOS (SundiataPost) – The Federal Government has concluded arrangements to make the Integrated National Security and Waterways Protection Infrastructure, also called the Deep Blue Project, the central security structure for all anchorage areas in the Nigerian maritime domain. This is to reduce the cost of shipping of goods into the country.Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), Ms Hadiza Bala Usman, disclosed this on Tuesday in Lagos after a meeting with the Executive Management of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) led by the Director- General, Dr. Bashir Jamoh, at NIMASA headquarters in Lagos. The NPA boss also disclosed that both agencies have agreed to work out modalities for effective removal of all wrecks and derelicts that may hinder navigation in the Nigerian waters. According to her, NIMASA and NPA are sister agencies and should be seen to be collaborating more for the growth of the maritime industry and the country generally. She also disclosed that arrangements are in top gear to berth the NIMASA floating Dockyard permanently in order for it to commence operations in July. “We had a range of discussions bordering on the Secure Anchorage Area which our supervising ministry desires the  Deep Blue Project to provide security for all anchorage areas in the country. Aside saving the country a lot of money, it will ensure that the security of the Nigerian Maritime domain is given a focal attention”. Usman also disclosed that both agencies agreed to interlink the C3i of the NPA and C4i of NIMASA in order to interchange information that would assist the Nigerian Navy’s response to security. “We have the C3i Command, Control and Intelligence centre at NPA and  NIMASA has the c4i while the Navy has falcon eye. We need to interlink these facilities and we believe that this would assist the country in response to maritime security threats”. Corroborating the NPA MD’s stance, Dr. Bashir Jamoh reiterated the fact that there was need to harmonise most of the working models amongst all maritime agencies to avoid duplication of duties which also leads to more costs. Jamoh said the Secure Anchorage Area which has been a subject of debate amongst stakeholders would now be covered under the multi spectrum security architecture popularly known as the Deep Blue Project. “There is absolutely no need for us to have private security in our maritime space. You are aware that this increases the cost of shipping in our country. By the time the Deep Blue Project becomes fully operational, the cost of shipping will drastically reduce”. The NIMASA DG also pointed out that barring any unforeseen circumstances, the floating Dockyard should be operational by the end of July. He said the facility would employ hundreds of Nigerians directly and also earn huge amount in revenue for the country. “We are finalising arrangements with the NPA to get a permanent berth for the floating Dockyard and by the end of July this facility should be operational. The interesting thing is that aside earning a huge amount of revenue, it also has the capacity to employ over 300 Nigerian youths directly”. The meeting is seen as a major step towards effective collaborations by both Agencies to enhance security in the Nigerian Maritime domain in order to achieve growth for the industry. •Director General, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Bashir Jamoh flanked by Flag Officer Commanding, Western Naval Command, Rear Admiral Oladele Bamidele Daji (Right) and Navy Hydrographer, Rear Admiral Chukwuemeka Okafor (left) during a working visit by the Western Naval Command to NIMASA. LAGOS - The Nigerian Maritime… April 20, 2020 In "NIMASA & Maritime" •The members of NIMASA board LAGOS - The Minister of Transportation, Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, inaugurated the Board of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) on Thursday in Abuja, with a charge to the members to speed up completion of the Deep Blue Project. The maritime security project,… May 24, 2020 In "News" • Explains Why Secure Anchorage Was Stopped• Dakuku Says 80% of Deep Blue Assets Ready by June In an effort to comprehensively tackle insecurity on Nigeria’s territorial waters and exclusive economic zone, the Federal Government says it is set to deploy its integrated maritime security infrastructure. The Minister of Transportation,… February 3, 2020 In "NIMASA & Maritime"