Nollywood actress Foluke Daramola-Salako has shocked her fans by revealing that she lost her virginity to a rapist at the age of 17, during an interview with PlusTVAfrica. She also had a chat with Funmi Iyanda on Public Eye Live on the topic: ”Combating Nigeria’s viruses and violence pandemic,” where she noted that celebrities should create more awareness on the scourge and enact it in their movies to spread the message against rape. “The role of Nollywood is for us to create more awareness programs, have more movies that are preaching the negativity of rape and abuse, the reason it can happen to anybody, and the reason under no circumstances should any rapist be made to look like a good person,” she said. Daramola who is also the founder of the “Action Against Rape in Africa” initiative, a movement that seeks to curb rape and bring its perpetrators to book in Africa. She had earlier revealed that 75 percent of the perpetrators of the rape cases addressed by her NGO are religious leaders. “75% of the cases I have on my table are from religious leaders, and a lot of time, we don’t get to the end of it, because when we start, the family would come and tell us we should leave the religious leader to God,” Daramola-Salako revealed. Watch video below: : @plustvafrica A post shared by  Laila Ijeoma (@lailaijeoma) on Jun 12, 2020 at 5:23am PDT Source Nollywood Actress and founder of Passion Against Rape and Abuse Africa, PARAA, Foluke Daramola-Salako, during her conversation with Funmi Iyanda on Public Eye Live on Friday revealed that 75 per cent of the perpetrators of the r*pe cases handled by her NGO are religious leaders, PREMIUM TIMES reports. “75% of… June 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" Lagos - Nollywood actress Foluke Daramola on Thursday said people should stop criticising celebrities who repeat outfit, ``as there is no fashion law that forbids outfit to be shown off in public more than once.'' She told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that ``I recycle my outfits… June 9, 2016 In "Entertainment" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nollywood actress, Foluke Daramola has debunked rumours of her untimely death. The actress made this known via her Instagram page, where she shared a video to buttress her point. In the video, Daramola, who was not happy over the widespread of the news, placed a curse… March 11, 2020 In "Entertainment"