By Talatu Maiwada  Abuja  –   The police on Monday arraigned two corps members in a Life Camp Magistrates’ Court for allegedly assaulting their co-tenant. The Police charged Phoebe George, 23, and Uzoma Chiwendu, 23, both corps members of Marcon Estate, Life Camp, Abuja, with joint act, assault and criminal intimidation. The Prosecution Counsel, ASP Peter Ejike, told the court that, the complainant, Ajoke Ajondele of Marcon Estate, Life Camp Abuja, reported the matter at Life Camp Police Station, on June 2. Ejike alleged that on the said date, while the complainant was driving out of the house, the defendants grabbed and dragged her out of her car and began to assault her. The prosecutor alleged that the defendants assaulted Ajoke, causing her severe body injury, smashed her phone, destroyed her hair wig and wrist watch and threatened her thereby putting her life in danger. Ejike alleged that the defendants had consistently assaulted the complainant and made life unbearable for the complainant since she moved into the building. He said during police investigation both defendants admitted to the assault. The offence, he said, ontravened the provisions of sections 79, 265 and 397 of the Penal Code Law. George and Chiwandu, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. Magistrate Chinyere Nwecheonwu, admitted the defendants to bail in the sum of N100, 000 each and one surety each in like sum. Nwecheonwu ordered that the sureties must have a means of livelihood, a valid identity card, fixed address and must live within the jurisdiction of the court. She adjourned the matter until July 21, for hearing. (NAN) By Talatu Maiwada Assault Abuja - The Police on Friday arraigned a business woman, Mrs Chiamaka Adam, at a Life Camp Magistrates’ Court, for allegedly pocking her husband’s eyes over son’s welfare. Adam, 35, of Paradise Estate, Life Camp, Abuja, is standing trial on a one count charge of causing… March 13, 2020 In "News" By Talatu Maiwada Abuja - The police on Friday arraigned, a housewife, Bumi Ajulo, who allegedly defrauded her business partner of N27.8 million in a Magistrates’ Court in Life Camp. Ajulo, 43, of Savana Estate Gudu, Abuja is charged with three counts of criminal breach of trust, cheating and criminal… February 14, 2020 In "News" By Nana Musa Abuja - The police on Thursday arraigned a 33-year-old woman, Kokuma Sanusi, in a Karmo Upper Area Court, Abuja, for allegedly threatening to attack her neighbour with acid. The police charged Sanusi, who resides in Kado Village Abuja, with criminal force assault and criminal intimidation. The Prosecution… May 9, 2019 In "Metro"