The Economic Sustainability Committee (ESC) led by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has advised the FG to consider suspending the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) orientation camp for two years. It can be recalled that the NYSC scheme submitted a proposal for reopening of its camps nationwide. The committee recommended the consideration of suspension of NYSC camps for 24 months, due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The Report Read; “The immediate focus in the Education sector is to address the disruptions caused by the pandemic and ensuing social distancing measures at all levels of education.” “Practical steps will be taken to minimise disruption to learning, utilising technology as appropriate. Specifically, virtual learning will be implemented (either online or through broadcast), virtual convocation ceremonies or issuance of certificates (with postponed ceremonies) should be implemented to continue educational progression. “In similar context, consideration will be given to suspending the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) Orientation Camp Exercises for at least 24 months while allowing deployment to places of primary assignment. “This will ensure that there is no backlog in the National Service placement pipeline.” It is unclear whether the federal government will take the recommendation of the Economic Sustainability Committee to suspend the scheme’s camps. Source Lagos- The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) on Monday charged employers to provide enabling atmosphere and welfare facilities for corps members that would be posted to their organisations. Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, the Lagos State Coordinator of NYSC, spoke at the swearing-in ceremony of 3,603 members of the 2014 NYSC Batch… December 2, 2014 In "News" By Abbas Bamalli Kano - The Coordinator, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Kano state, Hajiya Aisha Tata has called for expansion of the permanent orientation camp from its current 2,500 to 5,000 capacity. The state Coordinator made the call during the swearing in ceremony of the 2020 Batch ‘A’… March 12, 2020 In "News" Katsina - Gov. Aminu Masari of Katsina State has described the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme as veritable agent for social change and beacon of hope for Nigerian youths. He stated this on Monday in Katsina at the closing ceremony of the orientation course for NYSC Batch B, Stream One 2015… November 16, 2015 In "News"