Premium Times reports that a student identified as Grace Oshiagwu has been reportedly r*ped and killed in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, the third in the state in two weeks. Her body was found inside a church mission building. The deceased, 21, was a National Diploma student of The Oke-Ogun Polytechnic, Saki. The incident was confirmed by residents of the area and the police who only confirmed her murder. The attack on Ms Oshiagwu happened on Saturday at Idi-ori Area, off Shasha Expressway, Akinyele Local Government Area in Ibadan. A resident of the area who asked not to be named for security reasons spoke on how the victim’s body was found. “It was evident enough that she was r*ped. One could see blood all over her body and the cut on her head,” the source said. “It happened close to my area. I was scared. Grace hardly talked or abused anyone. She was easy going. Only God knows those that killed her. Her family has been thrown into sorrow,” another resident of the area said late Saturday. Confirmation: The latest incident was confirmed by Olugbenga Fadeyi, the spokesperson of the Oyo State Police Command. “One Grace Oshiagwu, female, aged 21 years, was macheted on her head in a church mission building at Idi-Ori Area, Shasha off expressway by unknown assailant(s) today 13/06/2020 about 3:00 pm,” Mr Fadeyi said in a statement. He said investigation has commenced and urged the public to assist with information to apprehend the killers. Our correspondent also gathered that the corpse of Ms Oshiagwu has been deposited at Adeoyo State Hospital in Ring road, Ibadan, for autopsy. Source According to SaharaReporters, a 22-year-old 100Level student of Microbiology at the University of Benin, Edo State, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, has been brutally raped and killed inside a church in the city while reading. The tragic incident, which happened three days ago, according to friends, saw her attackers smashing her head… May 31, 2020 In "Education" According to New Telegraph, a yet to be identified corpse of a young lady was on Monday found around Grace Tower Church in the Nyiman area of Makurdi, the Benue State capital, after she was allegedly gang-raped to death. Indications that the lady was raped by her assailants rented the… August 19, 2019 In "Metro" The Oyo State Police Command, on Saturday, said it had arrested a suspect in connection with the murder of a pregnant woman, Azeezat Somuyiwa, who was r*ped and murdered in Ibadan on June 5, The PUNCH reports. The deceased was reportedly killed with a stone by some yet-to-be-identified assailants at… June 14, 2020 In "Metro"