IBADAN (SundiataPost) – Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has expressed sadness at the demise of the immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi.The governor, in a condolence message to the Ajimobi family and the people of Oyo State, also directed that the state’s flag fly at half mast on Friday.The condolence message read: “I  was so sorry to hear the news of the passing away of the immediate past Governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, which sad event took place earlier today. “I cannot begin to imagine the pain the family must be going through at this time because of the loss of their patriarch. It is my prayer that God grants them all the strength to bear this great loss. “I join the good people of Oyo State as we mourn the death of a statesman. I have directed that flags fly at half-mast tomorrow in honour of our brother, friend and illustrious son of Oyo State. “Surely, he will be remembered for leaving a blueprint for some of the activities that our administration is now undertaking. “The Oyo State Government will be extending to his family, all the courtesies deserving of his personage. “May his soul rest in peace.” Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with government and people of Oyo State over the passing on of governor, Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi. Buhari said the contributions to the development of the state, and nation, will always be remembered. In a condolence message released by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina,… June 25, 2020 In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Ibadan - President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President Yemi Osinbajo have spoken glowingly of the former governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi, as he clocked 70. The duo felicitated with the former governor on the occasion of the Abiola Ajimobi Round Table on Monday in Ibadan. The… December 16, 2019 In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - The Southwest chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) has urged Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State to conduct a proper audit of what transpired during the tenure of the immediate past governor of the state, Sen. Abiola Ajimobi. The party said that the audit exercise… August 13, 2019 In "Politics"