Cause of death Gregory Tyree Boyce and his girlfriend, Natalie Adepoju, has been revealed as an accidental drug overdose. Nearly three weeks after the unexpected and sudden death of Gregory Tyree Boyce and his girlfriend, the Clark County Coroner’s Office found their cause of death as an accidental drug overdose killed the American actor, as well as his 27-year-old girlfriend, according to the Hollywood Reporter (THR). Boyce and Adepoju bodies were found in the bedroom of their shared Las Vegas, Nev., home on May 13, 2020. According to THR, Coroner John Fudenberg said Boyce, who was 30, and Adepoju had ingested not only cocaine but fentanyl, too. Local authorities reportedly also found a white powder on a dresser in the couple’s bedroom, according to THR. They said there was no sign of foul play. Boyce was best known for his role as Tyler Crowley in the first, self-titled Twilight film. Boyce born on Dec. 5, 1989, in California is survived by his mother Lisa Wayne, brother Chris Wayne and 10-year-old daughter, Alaya Boyce. Adepoju is survived by her father, two brothers, a sister and baby son, Egypt. On Boyce 30th birthday in December, he had revealed that he didn’t think he would live to see that day. He wrote; “At one point I didn’t think I would make it to see 30 years old. Over the years like everyone else I have made mistakes along the way, but today is one of those days I only reflect on the great ones. What a time to be alive. Happy Dirty 30 self! Let’s make the rest of these years your best!! #dirtythirty #sagittarius” Source Natalie Adepoju, Nigerian girlfriend of “Twilight” actor Gregory Tyree Boyce have both been found dead. The duo were found dead at their Las Vegas residence on May 13 around 5 p.m. Boyce, 30 is best known for playing Tyler Crowley in 2008’s “Twilight” and has been in a relationship with… May 19, 2020 In "News" By Mateen Badru/Adepote Arowojobe Lagos -   Two men who alleged killed their wives in different locations, Agege and Okota areas of Lagos State, are assisting the police in their investigations. Police sources at the State Criminal Investigation Department, Alagbon, confirmed the two cases to the News Agency of Nigeria… August 9, 2017 In "Metro" New York   -     A doctor accused of illegally prescribing an opioid painkiller to pop singer Prince before he died has reached 30,000 dollar settlement with the U.S. government, the country’s Justice Department said on Thursday. Michael Schulenberg allegedly prescribed drugs to the singer’s bodyguard knowing they were intended for Prince,… April 20, 2018 In "Foreign"