The Zamfara State Police Command has launched an investigation into the gruesome murder of a medical doctor identified as Enoch Okpara. Okpara who was a consultant Obstetrics/Gynaecologist working at the Federal Medical Centre in Gusau, was found dead at his residence in Mareri area of the state capital on Saturday June 13. The remains of the deceased was found burnt beyond recognition after the church he worshipped in raised an alarm of him missing after not showing up for a programme on Saturday morning, which was quite unusual. It was gathered that the leaders of the church contacted some of his colleagues who tried his mobile phone number which rang repeatedly without response. His colleagues who suspected that something was wrong checked his apartment and saw his car parked inside the compound. The police who gained access into his apartment after being contacted, found the burnt body of the deceased in the courtyard while bloodstains were seen on the walls of the room. Shehu Mohammed, Zamfara Police Spokesperson said the Commissioner of Police Usman Nagogo has ordered an investigation aimed at arresting the perpetrators and bringing them to justice. Source UMUAHIA - A 27-year-old man, Tobechukwu Ogbonna, on Tuesday night set himself ablaze after reportedly stabbing his mother severally at their family house located at No 12 Bonny St.in Umuahia. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learned that the incident happened at about 11 p.m. following an argument that ensued… June 3, 2015 In "News" Daily Post reports that a man identified as Samuel Nweke has hung himself over a disagreement with his wife, leaving behind a suicide note. SP Haruna Mohammed, spokesperson for Anambra State Police Command who broke the news to journalists said the disagreement led to the deceased’s wife abandoning him, leading… March 5, 2020 In "News" By Edith Nwapi Abuja - Justice Baba Idris of an FCT High Court in Nyanya, on Friday fixed March 29 for ruling on an order compelling the police to release an investigation report into the alleged murder of one Helen Okoro. The deceased was allegedly  murdered on Dec. 30, 2017… March 15, 2019 In "Metro"