A three-month-old baby has died after falling from the first floor of the Garki General Hospital, Abuja. According to Punch, the tragic incident happened on Sunday. A security guard at the hospital told The PUNCH that the mother of the baby and two others were on their way to the emergency ward when the incident occurred. He said, “A woman along with two others were on the top floor, rushing to the emergency ward, when the baby she was carrying, slipped from her grip and fell to the ground floor. The baby’s neck got broken in the process and died.” The Medical Director of the hospital, Dr. Adamu Onu, refused to give details of what happened when he was contacted for comment. When asked if the matter was reported to the police, the MD said patients were entitled to their privacy and he would not divulge any information to this newspaper. He said, “An incident happened in the hospital but it is not something I will like to divulge for the patient confidentiality reasons. I cannot go beyond what I am telling you at the moment. I cannot say anything beyond what I have said.” The Police Public Relations Officer, FCT Command, Anjuguri Manza, said he had not heard about the report, adding that it was likely that no report was lodged in any police station. “I don’t think this case has been reported to the police. Ask the hospital if they reported the matter to the nearest police station,” Manza said. Source A three-month-old baby has died after falling from the first floor of the Garki General Hospital, Abuja, The PUNCH reports. It was learnt that the incident occurred early on Sunday. A security guard at the hospital told The PUNCH that the mother of the baby and two others were on… June 15, 2020 In "News" By SABRINA TAVERNISE, ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS, SHARON LaFRANIERE and ABBY GOODNOUGH When Craig Spencer, a young doctor just back from treating patients with Ebola in Guinea, fell ill with the virus in New York on Thursday, the paramedics who went to get him were dressed in protective suits. He entered Bellevue… October 25, 2014 In "Health" According to a report by The PUNCH, there was pandemonium at the Gbagada General Hospital, Lagos, on Thursday when four white men suspected to have coronavirus were brought to the emergency ward of the hospital for treatment. According to sources at the hospital, the men said to be Egyptians, were… March 29, 2020 In "News"