By Hilary Akalugwu  Nsukka (Enugu State)  –  The Legislative Council of Nsukka Local Government Area in Enugu State on Tuesday held a special session to mourn Chief Patrick Omeje, the council chairman who died on June 16. The councilors, representing the 20 wards of the council in their separate remarks ,described late Omeje as a committed, dedicated chairman and described his death as a heavy blow to Nsukka LG and Enugu State in general. Mr Henry Ikah, representing Akpozzi ward, described the late Omeje as a man of courage and vision but regretted his sudden death at the prime of his life. “The council is mourning because our courageous and visionary chairman had been hit by the grave arrow of death,” he said. Speaking, the Leader of the Council Mr Celestine Ezechinedu ,said councilors received the news of sudden death of Omeje with grief, shock and sadness. “Nsukka council has lost a humble, God-fearing, dedicated and patriotic leader. “Till now I find it difficult to believe that Omeje, the our council chairman is no more,” he said. The leader recalled that it was unfortunate that Omeje who was hale and hearty on June 4 when he presented the 2020 estimated budget to councilors, had been snatched away by the cold hands of death on Tuesday June 16. “That shows how transient and unpredictable this world is, only God knows what will happen next in the life of every human being,” he said “My prayer is that God will grant his soul eternal rest as well as give his family and Nsukka people the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss, ” he said. He noted that the regard and love late Omeje had for councilors, made him to embark on building befitting legislative complex last year for councilors’ legislative sittings and office accommodation for lawmakers. “This legislative building has reached 90 per cent completion; In our last meeting with him before his sudden demise, he promised that the building would be inaugurated before July. “Since the creation of Nsukka LGA, Omeje was the only council chairman that deemed it necessary to build legislative complex for councilors. “Because of his good performance in Nsukka LGA, councilors will ensure that Omeje is immortalised,” he said. NAN reports that highlight of the special sitting was one minute silence in honour of late Omeje. Mr Cosmas Ugwueze and Mr Damian Eze Deputy Chairman and Secretary of Nsukka LG were among council officials present during the special session. (NAN) By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka (Enugu State) - The Nsukka Local Government Area (LGA) of Enugu State has expressed shock and sadness over the sudden death of its Chairman, Chief Patrick Omeje. Mr Damian Eze, Council Secretary, in a statement on Thursday, said the passage of Omeje on Tuesday was devastating.… June 18, 2020 In "News" By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka (Enugu State) - Mrs Lilian Omeje, wife of Nsukka Local Government Chairman on Thursday distributed food items to 300 indigent widows as palliatives to cushion the effects of COVID-19 lockdown in Enugu State.Omeje distributed the food items to the widows at Adada House in Nsukka.The food… May 14, 2020 In "News" By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka (Enugu State) -  Some residents of Nsukka in Enugu State have applauded the Nsukka Local Government for relocating the motor and tricycle parks from Enugu Road to Aku Road to ease traffic. The residents who made the commendation in separate interviews with the News Agency of… February 2, 2018 In "News"