By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiiata Post) –  Security Operatives have taken over the National Headquarters of the All Progressives Congress in apparent move to avert possible breakdown of law and order following the appeal court’s ruling upholding the suspension of  the National chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. Strategically located inside and outside the secretariat, the security agents had arrived the party headquarters on two Hilux Patrol vehicles, stopping the journalists covering the party from gaining entrance into the complex. Meanwhile, the erstwhile acting National Secretary, Victor Giadom, had on arrival as early as 9.00 am, headed into the office, to take over in acting capacity in Comrade Adams Oshiomhole’s absence and in line with the High Court ruling granting him such prayers. Interestingly, the suspended embattled chairman, Oshiomhole, seems to have respected the court ruling as he stayed out the secretariat. There was however mild celebration among the staff of the secretariat as they were seen in groups discussing the removal of the national headship, Oshiomhole. Addressing newsmen, Giadom, ordered the cancellation of all the activities concerning the screening of the aspirants for the Edo state governorship election primaries. He also ordered that the aspirants would be rescreened, announcing that each aspirant will be informed of when to make appearance, just as he ordered the suspension of the National Organising Secretary, Emma Ibediro, ordering his deputy to assume his position. In a related development, the party’s National Vice-Chairman (North), Salihu Mustapha, also ordered the security agents not to entertain any media briefing from the opposition camp. Secretariat of the All Progressives Congress (APC) assumed a battleground in the early hours of Wednesday as several security agents took over in anticipation of breakdown of law and order over the Appeal Court ruling upholding the suspension of the National chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, Sun News reports. Strategically located… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" According to a report by Daily Trust, some of the personal staff of embattled chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomohle have been denied entry into the party secretariat by the security operatives drafted to the party office. The staff who drove in a black Toyota Jeep… March 6, 2020 In "Politics" The web of crisis surrounding the embattled National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, yesterday got more entangled as the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, warned the former labour leader against showing up at the party’s national secretariat or moving near any formal function of… March 7, 2020 In "News"