New York –   U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Tuesday told the UN Security Council that it “must hold Iran accountable” by extending a soon-to-expire UN arms embargo on the country. “Don’t just take it from me or the United States, listen to countries in the region, from Israel, the Gulf, countries in the Middle East who are most exposed to Iran’s predations are speaking with a single voice: extend the arms embargo,” Pompeo said. “This council has a responsibility to listen to them.” He warned that if the council failed to act, Tehran would be free to buy Russian-made fighter jets, upgrade and expand its fleet of submarines, purchase new technologies for its proxies and partners in the Middle East, and become a rogue weapons dealer. The embargo is set to expire in October, as part of UN Resolution 2231, in which the UN Security Council backed the Iran nuclear deal signed in Vienna in 2015. The Vienna agreement was intended to enable Iran to have a civilian nuclear programme, while preventing nuclear weapons, in exchange for the lifting of crippling economic sanctions. The deal began to fray in 2018 as the Trump administration withdrew the US and reimposed sanctions. Iran then began violating many of the agreements made in 2015. A draft resolution in the 15-member council to extend the embargo would need nine votes in favour and no vetoes by the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China. Beijing’s ambassador to the UN Zhang Jun said China opposes the US push to extend the restrictions. (dpa/NAN) Riyadh - Saudi and U.S. officials on Monday urged the international community to extend a UN arms embargo on Iran, saying that letting the ban expire would allow Tehran to further arm its proxies and destabilise the region. The 13-year-old arms curbs on Iran are due to expire in October… June 29, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington -   The U. S. issued a pre-emptive warning to Iran on Thursday against pursuing three planned space rocket launches that it said would violate a UN Security Council resolution because it used ballistic missile technology. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Iran had announced plans to launch in… January 3, 2019 In "Foreign" The United States on May 21 rolled out sanctions against Iran, a move that may return the world to the nuclear race. On May 8, 2018, against pleadings from European allies, peace ambassadors and people of goodwill across the globe, President Donald Trump had unilaterally abrogated the Joint Comprehensive Plan… May 27, 2018 In "Opinion"