By Edith Nwapi  Abuja  –  The Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Ibrahim Tanko Muhammad on Friday swore in Justice Monica Dongban-Mensem, as the substantive President of the Court of Appeal. Muhammed challenged the new president to live up to expectations by maintaining cordial relationship with her colleagues on the Appeal court bench. Specifically, the CJN charged Justice Dongban-Mensem, who is the second female President to be appointed to ensure regular meetings with Presiding Justices in all divisions of the court as well as other Justices to enable them understand challenges that may face the court. Justice Muhammad reminded a the new Appeal Court President that the court has the largest number of Justices in the country, hence the need to be up and doing. The CJN further tasked the new appellate court president to continue with her good character, behaviour and hardworking, adding that sky will not only be a limit but a stepping stone for her. “From my personal experience, work load in the Court of Appeal, especially in the divisions is the highest. ” It is a home of work, it is a home of cooperation, but with your experience, hardwork and zeal, you will not find your new status difficult. “If you sustain your good character and conduct, your tenure will definitely be a excellent one. “Try to be your self and do not allow others derail you. Remain what we know you for”, CJN added. In her remarks, the newly sworn in PCA, said she feel honoured and challenged to be appointed into the office of the President of the Court of Appeal. She said this was based on the recommendation of the National Judicial Council (NJC) and the approval of President Muhammafu Buhari. She assured Nigerians that she will do her best in ensuring that Justice is applied at the appellate court . ” I will build on the legacy left behind by her predecessors.” she said. In attendance were the governors of Sokoto, Plateau, Niger and Kebbi. (NAN ) By Martha AgasJos - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has congratulated the President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Monica Dongban-Mensem, as she celebrates her 63rd birthday on June 13. Lalong, in a congratulatory message issued by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham, described Donghan-Mensem as… June 13, 2020 In "News" In a statement signed by Fidelis Damsuk Bitkop, the Secretary General of Gamai Unity and Development Organisation (GUDO) has called on the National Judicial Council to shelve their recent invitation of Justice Monica Bolnaan Mensem-Dongban for an interview and proceed to confirm her as the next President of the Court… October 23, 2019 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Monica Dongban-Mensem, a judge, as the acting president of the court of appeal for a period of three months. Garba Shehu, the senior special assistant on media and publicity to the president, announced the appointment in a statement on Thursday. According to… March 5, 2020 In "News"