By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress APC has written the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC introducing the 13-member committee to the Commission and also slating its Ondo Governorship Primary Election for July 20. The letter which was dated June 25, 2020 was signed by Gov. Buni and the secretary of the committee, Sen. John J. Akpanudoedehe. Other members of the caretaker committee introduced to the commission are: Isiaka Oyetola, Governor Osun from South-west, Ken Nnamani from South-east, Stella Okorete, representing women, Niger state governor Sani Bello from North-central, Dr. James Lalu representing physically challenged, Sen. Abubakar Yusuf representing Senate, Hon. Akinyemi Olaide representing House of Representatives, David Lyon representing South-south, Abba Ari representing North-west, Prof. Tahir Mamman representing North-east and Ismail Ahmed representing the youth. The letter reads: “I wish to please inform your Commission that, the National Executive Committee (NEC) of our great party at its 8th resumed meeting on Thursday, 25th June, 2020 approved the immediate dissolution of the National Working Committee (NWC). “The National Executive Committee also constituted a National Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee,” the letter said. On the conduct of governorship primary election in Ondo state, the party asked the electoral empire to “kindly arrange the monitoring of the exercise accordingly.” By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja - The new Caretaker Committee Chairman of APC, Mai Mala Buni, has pledged to do justice to every party member and ensure the ensure the current challenges were amicably resolved. Buni, also the Governor of Yobe, made the pledge on Thursday while speaking with newsmen in… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" By Philip Yatai   Kaduna   -    The Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) will be disbursing N142.58 billion to support educational development in all states of the country, the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, has said. Adamu made this known in Kaduna on Wednesday at the opening of… October 10, 2018 In "News"