The Association of Resident Doctors has lamented the poor working condition in Rivers State, disclosing that seven of its members tested positive for the coronavirus pandemic. The resident doctors urged Governor Nyesom Wike to immediately live up to his promise of paying hazard allowances to frontline workers fighting COVID-19 in the state. The President of the association in the Rivers State Teaching Hospital, Dr. Josephine Sokolo, who spoke in Port Harcourt, bemoaned the plight of healthcare workers in the state. Sokolo, while narrating the challenges of the workers, said seven medical practitioners contracted the virus in the state, but that some them had treated already. She urged Wike to toe the path of the Federal Government by increasing the hazard allowance, which stands at N5000 and N2500 for doctors and nurses respectively, to 50 per cent of the basic salary of every healthcare worker. Sokolo also demanded a life insurance scheme for health workers predisposed to health risk that could render them and their dependants bankrupt. She said: “We have seven health workers infected and they are being treated now. In fact two days ago, a doctor in another state died out of covid 19 complications. “We are appealing to the Governor that the FG has done its part, he should also look at which has been done and increase the hazard allowance of healthcare workers to 50% of their basic salaries. “He should put in place a life insurance policy so that in case anything happens to any health worker, their families won’t be rendered bankrupt.” The Nation A doctor at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, has contracted COVID-19 while treating patients. The revelation was made on Thursday by the President of the National Association of Resident Doctors, Dr Aliyu Sokomba on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily programme. Sokomba said six doctors had died of Lassa fever… April 2, 2020 In "Health" By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal Ilorin - The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UITH) chapter, on Monday urged the Federal Government to pay their allowances to avoid industrial action. Dr Lanre Olosunde, the branch President of ARD, in statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria… June 9, 2020 In "Health" There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health"