By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos –  Felix Duke, President, Creative Industry Group (CIG), says Her Imperial Majesty Empress, Dr Elham Madani, has concluded arrangements to establish a World Cinema Academy (WCA) Class Film/Cinema School in Nigeria. Duke told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday that Madani of Imperial House of Madani, Wales, UK, has set up a five-man team for the project. Her Imperial Majesty Empress, Dr Elham Madani. The CIG president, also Director, Creative Industry Department and Publicity of the project, said that the members include: Prof. Christian Nwanne, Co-host Nigeria Project Chairman and Abraham Olarewaju, Co-host West Africa Chairman.Others are: Collins Peters,  Spokesperson to Empress and Kunnu Taiwo, Director Media, while the project would be piloted by Her Imperial Majesty.Duke said: “Soon, we will be having the WCA Standard Film, Cinema School, established in Lagos, which is a very big one for the filmmakers, especially females and the entertainment sector at large. “Madani has established a big one in California, where foreign actors and actresses are attending and studying Cinematography; so, she is bringing it to our door mouth.“The WCA serves as an umbrella for an array of services; it’s a vessel seeking to identify pressing issues in order to make measurable changes in communities and businesses.“She is passionate and seeking to add more peace and unity in form of royal for the world by her current association with over two thousand organisations. ”He said that establishment of the academy would benefit the nation in the International Film Festival, which seeks to empower all filmmakers, primarily females and the Golden Global Beauty Awards.The CIG added noted that A.M.E.N World Humanitarian Award Ceremonies, honours different makers globally as part of the benefits of the Film/Cinema School. “Her Majesty’s love journey for humanity has come hitherto over the years to establish an era of inter-cultural relationship for the propagation of global peace, unity and diversity among humanity,” Duke said.He, therefore, called on the Federal Government, agencies and investors to embrace the project which would bring development and job opportunities to the nation. (NAN) By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja    -     Veteran actress and filmmaker, Genevieve Nnaji has called out film distributors for allegedly monopolising the market. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Nnaji’s directorial debut ‘Lion Heart’ was reportedly delayed from showing in the cinemas because of ‘power tussle’ and… December 24, 2018 In "Entertainment" Abuja -  The Federal Government says it will deepen its partnership with the Islamic Development Bank (IDB) to fund critical projects in health, water and the infrastructure sector. This is contained in a statement issued by Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, in Abuja… August 22, 2016 In "News" LAGOS - President Goodluck Jonathan on Friday night lauded the achievements of the Nigerian creative industry for being good ambassadors of the country. Jonathan, represented by Minister of Culture, Tourism and National Orientation, Chief Edem Duke, made the commendation in Lagos at ``Evening of Celebration of the Creative Industry in… November 29, 2014 In "Business"