The Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has commenced disinfecting its offices over COVID-19 with made- in- Nigeria disinfectant sprayer tunnels, The Nation reports. The disinfectant sprayer tunnels manufactured by the National Agency for Science and Engineering Infrastructure (NASENI) is to keep the work environment COVID-19 free and avoid disruption of the operations of JAMB. Deputy Director, Information NASENI , Olusegun Ayeoyenikan made this known in a statement. He stated JAMB also announced the use of NASENI pedal controlled handwash sanitizer devices in all its zonal offices including its headquarters for all staff and visitors to wash their hands while in the premises of JAMB. He stated: “Determined to keep the work environment free from the deadly COVID-19 pandemic, and to avoid disruption of its operations, the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) yesterday in Abuja commissioned the use in all its offices the disinfectant Sprayer Tunnels manufactured by the National Agency for Science and Engineering Infrastructure (NASENI). “Also, JAMB announced the use of NASENI pedal controlled handwash sanitizer device in all its zonal offices across including the headquarters in Bwari, Abuja for all staff and visitors to wash their hands while in the premises of JAMB. “The Registrar of JAMB, Prof.Is-haq Oloyede while commissioning the devices commended the Nigerian engineers in NASENI for coming up quickly with local solutions, using available materials in Nigeria thereby prevents the nation, once more, from running outside Nigeria for scientific solutions to a problem that could be tackled with local ingenuities. Prof Oloyede expressed satisfaction that the devices were tested and working and therefore he said he was really proud of NASENI and its Executive Vice Chairman, Prof Mohammed Haruna for leading a team that came up with preventive measures to the spread of a global pandemic.” Source By Veronica Dariya   Bwari     -      The National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) is working to raise its admission to one million students soon, Chairman of the NOUN Governing Council, Prof. Peter Okebokola, has said. Okebokola told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja on the sideline… August 31, 2018 In "News" ...Begs NASS to Suspend Amendment Act ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) - The registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Professor Is-haq Olanrewaju Oloyede, has appealed to the federal government to revert to old system whereby serving vice chancellors of universities were appointed chairmen of the governing board of JAMB… October 16, 2016 In "Education" •Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba ABUJA - Ahead of the reopening of universities and others, the Federal Government has listed six conditions to be met by each school. It said the six conditions are to protect pupils and students against Coronavirus. It also asked all heads of schools to start putting measures in… June 16, 2020 In "Top Stories"