Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) have arrested 32-year -old Boniface Oburuku for theft of a hand bag at an event organised by the commission. The bag belonged to a guest from the Republic of Mauritius. He stole the bag at the ceremony attended by President Muhammadu Buhari and other international dignitaries. But the suspect apologised to President Buhari over the theft. According to a statement by the Head of Media and Publicity of EFCC, Mr. Dele Oyewale: “The bag contained the female victim’s two Samsung mobile phones, an international passport, United States Dollars, Nigerian and Mauritian currencies. “Oburuku committed the crime on June 11, 2019 at an event organized by the EFCC to mark the year’s National Democracy Day and Anti-Corruption Summit at Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja, which had in attendance, President Muhammadu Buhari, Nigerian security chiefs, respected citizens and global leaders. “For over one year, the suspect has been on the Commission’s watch list and was eventually arrested in Lagos few days ago. “Narrating how the suspect was tracked down, the team leader, Counter- Terrorism and General Investigations Unit of the EFCC, said the Commission swung into action through intelligence on the suspect all over the country, which showed that he was constantly on the move from Mpape area of the FCT to Jabi and later to Gwagwalada, all in the FCT. “He finally settled in Lagos where he was arrested. “Investigations also revealed that, to breach security at the day’s event, Oburuku dressed smartly in a black suit and claimed to be of the Department of State Security (DSS) and was allowed access into the venue by security agents on duty without presentation of an invite. “While confessing to the crime, Oburuku apologised to President Buhari, the EFCC and his Mauritian victim. “He called on others who are into fraudulent and criminal activities to turn a new leaf.” “He would soon be charged to court.” The Nation by Ismail Chafe Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the former Chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Malam Nuhu Ribadu, for winning the Anti-Corruption Lifetime Achievement Award. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ribadu was conferred with award at an event organised by the prestigious… December 8, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  PDP Presidential Campaign Organization (PPCO) has informed that President Muhammadu Buhari has completely failed all integrity test and therefore called on Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to investigate the alleged looting of over N4 billion under the Tradermoni and the Farmers Anchor Borrower schemes, to… December 27, 2018 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested the Lagos-based Lawyer and human rights activist, Ebun – Olu Adegboruwa, over alleged fraudulent property deal. Also arrested on Tuesday by the commission, is the Executive Director (Public Sector), First Bank of Nigerian Plc, Dauda Lawal. "The… May 10, 2016 In "Top Stories"