London –   Another 128 COVID-19 patients have died in Britain as of Friday afternoon, bringing the total coronavirus-related death toll in the country to 42,589, the British Department of Health and Social Care said Saturday. The figures include deaths in all settings, including hospitals, care homes and the wider community. As of Saturday morning, 303,110 people have tested positive for the disease in Britain, a daily increase of 1,295, according to the department. As of Saturday morning, there have been 7,714,201 tests of the novel coronavirus in the country, with 230,550 tests on Friday, said the department. The coronavirus alert level across Britain was lowered from four to three on Friday after a steady decrease in COVID-19 cases in the country. Level four means the virus is in general circulation while the transmission is high or rising exponentially. Level three means the virus is in general circulation and there could be a “gradual relaxation of restrictions’’, according to the department. (Xinhua/NAN) There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Federal Ministry of Health says Nigeria’s response to Coronavirus (COVID-19) is in adherence with the World Health Organisation’s (WHO) guidelines for the management of patients, who test positive for the virus. Dr Adebimpe Adebiyi, Director (Hospital Services) in the ministry, told the News Agency… May 10, 2020 In "Health" There was controversy on Saturday over an alleged huge deaths of about 110 persons in Azare town, headquarters of Katagum Local Government Area of Bauchi State, within the past two weeks. The drama began when a former member of the House of Representatives, Ibrahim Mohammed Baba, raised the alarm in… May 10, 2020 In "News"