Ex-BBNaija Housemate, Thelma on Thursday night threw more light on her fight with Tacha. It will be recalled that Tacha during the show in 2019 almost engaged in a brawl over allocation of fish in the kitchen. Tacha cooked on that day, shared the food among her fellow housemates, but gave Thelma a small portion of the fish. The argument made their relationship in the house soar as they exchanged harsh words and never reconciled. When asked about the incident in the house, Thelma told Ebuka Obi-Uchendu that she was evicted from the house because of the fight she had with Tacha. According to her, Tacha’s fans think like her and made her stay shorter during BBNaija PepperDem reality show. “I left early because of the fish incident I had with Tacha and you know she has fans. “They know she does things wrong but they support her. “Tacha fans think like her. “I didn’t have an argument with Tacha to have highlights as her fans think,” Thelma told Ebuka. Meanwhile, Thursday night show ended with no brawl or argument unlike previous nights. Source Big Brother Naija contestant, Mercy has compared Tacha’s strategy to ex-BBNaija housemate, Cee-c. Recall that Cee-C during her time in Big Brother 2018 was not friendly with most housemates. She picked up different fights, especially with Tobi most of her time in the reality show. However, she emerged as the… July 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Viewers were treated to a mix of emotional outbursts, fight and gruelling endurance challenges by the housemates on Tuesday, the second day of the show. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the show returned on Sunday with 21 housemates and is expected to run… July 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" This year's Big Brother Naija 2019 reality show tagged 'Pepper Dem' is living up to its name as the tensed housemates await the first eviction this Sunday. Just days after Tacha and Thelma were involved in a heated argument over meat and fish, two other housemates have knocked heads. This… July 6, 2019 In "Entertainment"