A 75-year-old man, Alhaji Salisu Ibrahim, on Monday, lost his life in a road traffic accident involving the convoy of the Commander, 17 Brigade, Nigerian Army, Katsina, Brigadier General Warrah Idris. The accident occurred when the convoy went to refuel and was returning to pick up the Brigade Commander. Eyewitnesses said the accident occurred around Mani House junction in the Katsina metropolis. It was also learnt that the man died on the spot. The Acting Director, Army Public Relations, Colonel Sagir Musa, confirmed the development in a statement. He said a delegation of the Nigerian Army led by the Brigade commander have visited the late Ibrahim family to commiserate with them. The statement, made available on Tuesday morning, said, “The convoy of the Commander, 17 Brigade NA, Katsina was involved in a road traffic accident on June 29, 2020, during which the death to a road user was recorded. “The late motorcycle rider was a 75-year-old man named Alhaji Salisu Ibrahim of Filin Samji, Katsina. The incident occurred when the vehicles went to refuel and were expected to pick up the Brigade commander later. “Already, a delegation of the Nigerian Army led by the Brigade commander has visited the family to commiserate with them and will be fully involved in the burial.” (Punch) ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - In what appears to be an unfortunate harvest of road accidents in the country, the Nigerian Army has lost a senior officer and Chief of Training and Operations (Army), Maj-Gen. Yusha’u Mahmood Abubakar in an accident in Borno State. This is coming barely 48 hours after… March 8, 2016 In "Top Stories" Malumfashi (Katsina State)  -   Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) has confirmed the death of eight persons in a ghastly motor accident that occurred on Malumfashi-Katsina road in Malumfashi Local Government Area of Katsina State. The FRSC Sector Commander, Alhaji Abdu Bagadawa, told News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) on Saturday in… May 21, 2016 In "Metro" ABUJA - The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) said it would help accident victims or relations of persons who died in road accidents to seek redress and get compensation. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] The commission said this would serve as means of stemming the rate of road accidents in the country. This… February 10, 2015 In "News"