By Kingsley Okoye Abuja –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has received with shock and sadness the news of the death of Sen. Adebayo Osinowo on Monday. Lawan in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Ola Awoniyi, condoled with Sen. Osinowo’s family, friends, political associates and also the government and people of Lagos State over the loss. Sen. Osinowo, who until his death represented Lagos East Senatorial District, first made his mark at the Lagos Civil Service and also at the Lagos State House of Assembly, where he served four terms before his election to the senate. Lawan said Osinowo served his country creditably as a Distinguished Senator at the Ninth Senate, which marked its first anniversary only last week. Osinowo was the Chairman of the Committee on industries. The Senate President said the pains of Sen. Osinowo’s untimely departure would be felt by his distinguished colleagues and the National Assembly in general. Lawan prayed for the repose of his gentle soul and for God to grant those he left behind the fortitude to bear the loss. (NAN) By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - Sen. Bayo Osinowo, representing Lagos East Senatorial District in the Senate on Saturday reiterated that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) would not let Nigerians down. Osinowo, a former four-term member of the Lagos State House of Assembly, who represented Kosofe Constituency I, gave the… August 3, 2019 In "Politics" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos -  Several youth groups on Wednesday adopted and endorsed Mr Bayo Osinowo, the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Lagos East Senatorial District, describing him as masses-friendly. The groups, across various Local Government and Local Council Development Area (LCDAs) in the district, gave the endorsement at… January 16, 2019 In "Politics" By OKUNADE ADEKUNLE The rejection of three Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu commissioner nominees by the Lagos State House of Assembly on Monday for confirmation is unconnected with the intensify power struggle and show of strength by the contending political forces/blocs in the Asiwaju Bola Tinubu political dynasty. Those rejected were Ms… August 20, 2019 In "Politics"