Former First lady, Maryam Abacha, has described as lies reports of the Federal government discovering monies allegedly stolen by her husband while he was in office. Mrs Abacha who granted an interview recently to commemorate his 22nd death anniversary, said it is evil to speak ill of the dead. In her words, “How come this man was not a thief until he died? What is this amount of money after 22 years you say oh we have found this amount of money and we’re bringing it back? It is a shame to tell lies on a dead man! It is a shame to tell lies on your leader. If he had done wrong, God knows. If other people are putting the wrong on him, it is a matter of time. They will kneel down like America is kneeling down now. Anybody that is evil will kneel down just like this corona has come to shut this world.” the Nation quotes her as saying. According to Mrs. Abacha, her husband helped a lot of people who no longer greet her again. “He worked in Kano and he planted Kano people, but there are people he helped a lot but they are not even greeting me now for no reason. They just hate us. But why? It is Haram and Allah is watching us.” she said. Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) The minions at the Buhari Media Center have caused this factually inaccurate, propagandistic photo on the left to circulate on Nigerian cyberspace in the past few hours. They are pushing the rhetorical boundaries of the false but unravelling narrative of Buhari’s putative “integrity” preparatory to the 2019… January 30, 2018 In "Social Media Feeds" By Ike Abonyi In the 90s when the attack on Ndigbo became incessant, the late Biafran leader Dim Emeka Odumegwu Ojukwu visited Sabon Gari, Kano and addressed Ndigbo and asked them Kedu ebe onye Ayana Nwanne nmoo unu gara? (Where has your brother’s keeper spirit gone?) Ojukwu told them in… November 10, 2016 In "Opinion" Buba Galadima was a member of Board of Trustees, National Party of Nigeria (NPN) in 1978. He was at some point, the National Secretary, defunct Congress for Progressive Change (CPC). That party, in the run-up to the 2015 general election, went into alliance with other parties which formed what is… May 17, 2020 In "Politics"