Paris –   Stadiums in France will re-open to fans on July 11, as the country continues to lift measures imposed to contain the COVID-19 outbreak, the government said on Saturday. A maximum of 5,000 fans, however, will be allowed in the arenas – a restriction that could be eased later in the summer with the new season due to start on the weekend of Aug. 22. The French Cup and League Cup finals could now be played with spectators and fans will also be able to watch their teams play pre-season friendlies. “A further review of the national epidemiological situation will be carried out in mid-July to decide whether a loosening is possible for the second half of August. “Subject to a new assessment of the epidemiological situation, the start of the new school year may be marked by further easing of the restrictions,” the government said. The French Ligue 1, officially ended its 2019/2020 season on April 30, with Paris St Germain crowned champions. It was the only one of the five biggest domestic soccer leagues in Europe to call off the season due to the coronavirus pandemic. England’s Premier League, Spain’s La Liga and the German Bundesliga all resumed this month, and Italy’s Serie A is due to restart later on Saturday. (Reuters/NAN) Berlin - The 2019/2020 Bundesliga season will restart on May 16, the German Football League (DFL) said on Thursday, becoming the first European league to resume amid the coronavirus epidemic.The DFL said the season would resume under the terms of a strict health protocol that bans fans from the stadium.… May 7, 2020 In "Sports" ABUJA - The League Management Company (LMC) on Tuesday announced a three-week break for the 2014/15 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) starting from after Match Day 10 games on Wednesday. In a circular to clubs in the league, Shehu Dikko, the LMC Chairman, said the break period would be used… May 19, 2015 In "Sports" Dortmund (Germany), April 19, 2015 (dpa/NAN) German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund have appointed Thomas Tuchel as coach from next season. Tuchel, 41, has signed a three-year contract from July 1, the club said on Sunday. Former Mainz coach Tuchel, who is on sabbatical until his contract with Mainz officially ends… April 19, 2015 In "Sports"