Salihu Lukman, director-general of All Progressive Governors’ Forum, says Adams Oshiomhole, national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has “hawked” the party’s soul to “buccaneers” whose interests are winning elections unfairly. Recently, there has been unrest in the party concerning Edo governorship election scheduled for September. Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo state, resigned his membership of the APC on Tuesday after he was disqualified from running for the party’s ticket. The governor has since said he would pursue his second term bid on another platform. In a statement on Tuesday, Lukman said it is a “disconcerting reality” to be part of an undemocratic political platform which is intolerant of basic tenets of free and fair contests. The director-general said without even recalling the party’s outing at the 2019 general election, every APC member should be worried. “It is very difficult and challenging to come to terms with unfolding development in APC. The disconcerting reality of becoming clobbered into another undemocratic political platform, which is intolerant to basic tenets of free and fair contests is hard to admit,” he said. “Being troubled should have spurred us into some sober reflections with the objective of remedying the situation. Unfortunately, it would appear that we are more determined to reproduce all the obdurate painful experiences, every time we are faced with electoral contests. “It was Rivers, Zamfara and Bayelsa. Now Edo and Ondo are basically on a roller-coaster with perhaps emerging with the same predictable outcome that consumed our electoral victories in Zamfara and Bayelsa States. Why should this be allowed to happen? “It is clear that, APC leadership as currently constituted under the leadership of Comrade Oshiomhole is imprudent and cannot be entrusted with the task of leading the party. “Comrade Oshiomhole’s NWC has hawked the soul of the party to political buccaneers whose narrow interest is just about unfairly winning elections.” Lukman said Oshiomhole has failed on his promises to provide a party register in all the state and set up a mechanism for conflict resolution in the party. “APC does not belong to anybody. It is a product of sacrifice by leaders and members of our old legacy parties,” the director-general said. “Nobody should contemplate leaving the party on account of the rascality going on in the party under Comrade Oshiomhole’s leadership. All members of the party and lovers of democracy in Nigeria must rise against what is going on in APC. It is a struggle for the soul of APC.” TheCable •Governor Godwin Obaseki and Asiwaju Bola Tinubu ABUJA - Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State was in talks with the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, as part of his last-ditch effort to pick the party's ticket in the upcoming primaries in… May 31, 2020 In "Politics" The count down to the showdown has reached the stage of “to be or not to be” as the protracted battle between Governor Godwin Obaseki and the national chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, for the soul of Edo State intensifies. Governor Obaseki has vowed to take charge… January 8, 2020 In "Politics" Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha, has drummed support for continuity of the All Progressives Congress, APC, leadership in Edo state. Aisha assured the candidate of the APC in the Edo State governorship election, Godwin Obaseki, of massive support from women in the state during the election in September. She… August 10, 2016 In "Politics"