LASTMA officials who extorted money from road users exposed After a Nigerian man identified as Ibukun Mike exposed some officials of Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) counting the money they extorted from him and other four road users, the agency has reacted. Narrating how the shameful incident occurred, Ibukun Mike said it happened on May 15, 2020. He acknowledged that he and other road users were guilty of taking “one way” but he explained that they did so because there was a road block on the side of the road they were supposed to pass. According to Mike, a LASTMA official from the “Masamasa” (Maza-Maza) LASTMA office stopped them and took them to his office where he allegedly collected 50,000 Naira in cash from each of them without giving them receipts. In a video shared by Mike, a woman is seen counting the money allegedly extorted from those arrested. Mike claims the officer who did the extortion left the office and asked his assistants seen in the video to count the money. Reacting to the video, LASTMA said they are carrying out an investigation. They tweeted: “Our attention has been drawn to the recent video making rounds about extortion from our officers. The Agency has taken note of this even as investigation has commenced. The officers involved will be summoned for subsequent disciplinary action, if found guilty. @jidesanwoolu. “We urge the public to continue to report any errant officer(s) to the agency via any of the channels provided.@followlasg.” Watch video below: Nigerian man identified as Ibukun Mike has accused officials of Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) of extortion. Video of a yet-to-be identified woman counting the money was shared by the man, Mike to back up his claims. Narrating how the shameful incident occurred, Ibukun Mike said it happened on May 15, 2020. He acknowledged that he and other road users were guilty of taking "one way" but he explained that they did so because there was a road block on the side of the road they were supposed to pass. According to Mike, a LASTMA official from the "Masamasa" (Maza-Maza) LASTMA office stopped them and took them to his office where he allegedly collected 50,000 Naira in cash from each of them without giving them receipts. In a video shared by Mike, a woman is seen counting the money allegedly extorted from those arrested. Mike claims the officer who did the extortion left the office and asked his assistants seen in the video to count the money. A post shared by  Within Nigeria (@withinnigeria) on Jun 21, 2020 at 1:34pm PDT An Unidentified commercial bus conductor reportedly fainted on Saturday after officials of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority intercepted his vehicle to arrest him and his driver for violating the state traffic rule in the Maryland area of the state. PUNCH Metro gathered that during the operation, there was an… March 9, 2020 In "Metro" By Augusta Uchediunor     Lagos   -     The Chief Executive Officer of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA), Mr Chris Olakpe, on Monday told motorists to resist any attempt by traffic officers to extort money from them. Olakpe restated the charge while speaking in an interview… November 5, 2018 In "News" LAGOS - A policeman in a viral video, seen counting money extorted from a motorist in Ago Palace Way, Okota, Lagos has been identified. He is Inspector Taloju Martins, a station officer at Ago Palace Way Police Station. rrested and to undergo orderly room trial. According to a trending video… April 12, 2020 In "Metro"