People of Aggah community in Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area (ONELGA) of Rivers State, have told the Nigerian Agip Oil Company (NAOC) to stop sending unknown faces to their place as contractors. They gave the warning yesterday, during a meeting with the company on the commencement of projects to avert yearly flooding caused by oil facilities belonging to NAOC n the area. Speaking at the meeting, community youth leader, Obinna Eduge, noted that a contactor brought by the firm to execute the surveying aspect of the contract had upon conclusion, disappeared without paying individuals within the community they engaged in the project. Eduge said if Agip must resume work in Aggah community, it must engage the services of a contractor known to the people that would not disappear without payments. He expressed: “We are disturbed that after Agip finished surveying the project sites, the contractor they used has not paid all the people that worked with them. “The contactor is unknown to us. They came here and used us to do their work and they left. In this one, we don’t need a ghost contactor that we don’t know, so that they will not work and owe us for more than a year now”, he stressed. Also, leader of Egbema Voice of Freedom (EVF), Mr. Evaristus Nicholas, urged the firm to submit the credentials of the contractor and the contract documents to the group for studies. Nicholas said: “When you called us we told you to introduce the contractor to Aggah and EVF. We need the credentials of the contractor to know their capability. We also want to see the contract documents. Responding, MaCqueen Jetubo, from the Community Relations Department of Agip, promised to communicate the requests of the community to Agip management team. Sun News YENAGOA - Communities hosting operations of Nigerian Agip Oil Company (NAOC) at Biseni, Bayelsa State, have appealed to the State Government to ask the company to fulfil its obligations to the people.The communities had shut five oil wells in Idu Oil Fields operated by Agip over Agip’s non-fulfilment of community… August 24, 2014 In "Business" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has assured oil prospecting companies operating in the state of adequate security to carry  out  their business activities. Speaking  at the Government House, Port Harcourt on Tuesday when he granted audience  to the  management  of  Nigerian Agip Oil Company… February 2, 2016 In "Business" Yenagoa,- The Paramount Ruler of Egbebiri in Bayelsa, Chief Aniedima Nicholas, on Monday explained why activities at the Idu oil production field at Biseni, Yenagoa Local Government Area of Bayelsa, have been disrupted. He told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Yenagoa that the action was to bring the… June 8, 2015 In "News"