Stockholm  –  Scandinavian carrier SAS said on Friday it was to resume flights to 20 more destinations in Europe, amid the easing of coronavirus measures. From its hub in the Danish capital Copenhagen the airline plans after mid-June to resume flights to 16 destinations in Belgium, Croatia, the Faroe Islands, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Lithuania and Spain. Flights would also later in June begin to operate from the Swedish capital of Stockholm to Palma de Mallorca in Spain, Nice in France, Athens and Thessaloniki in Greece, and some domestic destinations. SAS is one of numerous airlines severely affected by the fall in demand in air travel due to the coronavirus pandemic. Sweden’s current recommendation to avoid non-essential foreign travel is valid until July 15, while the Danish Foreign Ministry’s general advice against non-essential travel remains in place until Aug. 31. Denmark was from June 15 to reopen its borders for tourists from neighbouring Germany, Norway and Iceland. (dpa/NAN) Berlin/Viennab - European countries attempted to block a severe coronavirus outbreak in Italy from spreading any further on Tuesday with travel bans and warnings, as they introduced ever stricter measures to contain their own domestic epidemics. Speaking during a video conference of European Union leaders late on Tuesday, European Council… March 11, 2020 In "Foreign" By Aaron Ross KINSHASA- Democratic Republic of Congo's new national airline on Wednesday promised cheaper and safer air travel in a country long known for its notoriously poor transport infrastructure. Air travel in Congo has been dogged by lax safety standards, frequent crashes and poor service. All domestic carriers are… May 7, 2015 In "Foreign" Riga - Passenger flights in and out of Lithuania have resumed after a break of more than a month and a half during the coronavirus pandemic. German airline Lufthansa had a flight from Frankfurt to the Lithuanian capital Vilnius on Wednesday afternoon with more than 150 passengers. A similar number… May 14, 2020 In "Foreign"