By Stellamaris Ashinze  Lagos  –   Global tech giant, Google, on Monday said it was ensuring that credible sources of information were elevated on ‘search engine’ to tackle misinformation on Corona Virus (COVID 19). Google UK Public Policy Manager, Alina Dimofte, made this known during a virtual meeting on Google Meet with the theme ‘Trust, Safety, COVID-19 and the Fight Against Misinformation’. Dimofte said Google was supporting these efforts by ensuring that information from credible sources were elevated on search while misleading information across all its products were detected and removed to prevent a potential spread. She said that as the world fights against the spread of COVID-19, interest in the disease continued to rise around the world, giving rise to misinformation. Açcording to her, many organisations and individuals are lending their support to the World Health Organization (WHO) and governments around the world to help curb the spread of false information about the disease online. ‘’For every fake news article, video or social media post published, there are credible ones available to debunk their claims and present the right information. ‘’Google is supporting these efforts by ensuring that information from credible sources is elevated on Search while misleading information across all its products is detected and removed to prevent a potential spread. ‘’On YouTube, where many conspiracy theorists and misinformation merchants target to share videos with false information about COVID-19, all videos about the disease that violate the platform’s community guidelines, including those that encourage dangerous cures and health risks, are immediately taken down,’’she said. According to her, Google is also preventing advertisements with harmful medical claims. She said that with the exception of COVID-19-related advertisements from government and NGOs, healthcare providers, and other authorities, “Google does not allow advertisements that capitalize on sensitive situations such as the coronavirus pandemic.” She said that there were also community guidelines that tackled volatile content and also prohibited dangerous content even before the COVID-19. Dimofte said that with the lockdown and working remotely, there was a huge increase in cyber security threat leveraging on the COVID-19 which Google had identified and helped different government to tackle. Açcording to her, Google has been 99.9 per cent successful in stalling the cyber security threat. She said to spread the right information, in addition to the combined efforts to ensure the prioritization of credible information, government and NGOs across the world launched COVID-19 campaigns. The campaign, aimed at creating awareness on physical distancing included Stay Home, Stay Safe, Flatten The Curve, Stay Home, Save Lives, Take Responsibility, among others. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Google’s other means of spreading the right information around COVID-19 include Google Maps and Google News Initiative. (NAN) By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) says misinformation during epidemics could make disease outbreaks such as the Coronavirus (COVID-19) worse. NCDC’s Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. ”We are also battling… March 4, 2020 In "Health" United Kingdom on Thursday said it would be investing up to 20 million Pounds in the African Union’s new ‘Africa anti-COVID-19 fund’ to slow down the spread of coronavirus and save lives. The British High Commission in Nigeria said in a statement that the funding was announced by UK International… May 21, 2020 In "News" •A combination of both Google and Apple logos created on April 10, 2020.  Google and Apple unveiled a joint initiative Friday to use smartphones to trace coronavirus contacts to battle the pandemic. The move brings together the largest mobile operating systems in an effort to use smartphone technology to track… April 10, 2020 In "Technology"