The federal government has revealed the only five airports allowed to reopen from June 21, while the others remained closed for further assessment. This was confirmed in a circular to airlines signed by Capt. Musa Nuhu, the Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). Nuhu also made it clear that Nigeria’s airspace remained closed to international flights. The domestic airports that will be opened include: Omagwa International Airport Port Harcourt, Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport Abuja, Murtala Muhammed International Airport Lagos, Sam Mbakwe Airport Owerri and Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport Kano. “The gradual start of domestic flight operations will commence on 21st June 2020 with Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport Abuja, Murtala Muhammed International Airport Lagos, Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport Kano, Omagwa International Airport Port Harcourt, and Sam Mbakwe Airport Owerri. “Other airports will be gradually added to the network after a review and assessment,” Nuhu said. Source The federal government has barred international flights coming into Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, and Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) disclosed this in a statement signed by Musa Nuhu, NCAA director general, on Saturday. “Further to our earlier letter on restriction of international flights into… March 21, 2020 In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos - No fewer than 14,171,722 air travelers went through Nigeria Airports in 2018, according to figures released on Tuesday in Lagos by the Consumer Protection Directorate of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the figure… March 5, 2019 In "News" The two remaining international airports in Lagos and Abuja will eventually be closed to flight operations as part of preventive measures against the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal Government has declared. The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Friday announced shut down of the Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport, Kano; Akanu… March 20, 2020 In "News"