Bayelsa Governorship Electoral Petition Tribunal has ordered the Deputy Governor, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo to appear on Thursday with the original copy of a disputed certificate, DailyPost has reported Recall that Ewhrudjakpo is a former Senator representing Bayelsa West, and is now the deputy to Governor Duoye Diri. The Bayelsa Tribunal sitting in Abuja gave the ruling on Tuesday. This followed a subpoena on Ewhrudjakpor to appear with the original exemption certificate issued to him by the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in 1998. The subpoena was issued on the request of Vijah Opuama, Liberation Movement (LM) governorship candidate in the November 16, 2019 poll. The complainant is challenging Ewhrudjakpo’s qualification to stand election. Opuama is alleging that he submitted a forged exemption certificate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The Deputy Governor had, by a motion filed at the Tribunal on May 17, 2020, challenged the competence of the subpoena and prayed the Tribunal to set it aside. But on Tuesday, his counsel Chukwuma Machukwu Ume (SAN) withdrew the motion. He said that his client was no longer challenging the subpoena and was ready to attend the Tribunal’s sitting. Other parties, including Pius Dande Pius, lawyer to the petitioners did not object to the application. Tribunal Chairman, Justice Ibrahim Sirajo then struck out the motion and ordered Ewhrudjakpo’s appearance. He rejected the request that Ewhrudjakpo be allowed to appear next week. The Deputy Governor had explained that Bayelsa does not have an airport. This, he noted, made it difficult for him to travel to Abuja due to the lockdown. DAILY POST recalls that the Supreme Court removed David Lyon of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the elected governor after ruling that his deputy, Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo, forged his certificates. Source The Department of State Service (DSS) confirmed on Monday that its investigation revealed alteration in the exemption certificate issued by the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) to the Deputy Governor of Bayelsa State, Senator Lawrence Oborawharievwo Ewhrudjakpo. The Head, Legal Department, DSS, Abdulsalam Ibrahim, who represented DSS’ Director General, told… June 1, 2020 In "News" Bayelsa Governor, Duoye Diri and deputy, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo The Department of State Security has been ordered by an Abuja Area Court, on Wednesday, to investigate the allegation of forgery of a National Youth Service Corps certificate leveled against the Deputy Governor of Bayelsa State, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo. Ewhrudjakpo of the Peoples… February 21, 2020 In "Politics" The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of APC, Mr. Yekini Nabena, made the allegation in a statement in Abuja. According to The Nation, the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Sunday said it has uncovered plan by the Bayelsa state deputy governor, Senator Lawrence Oborawharievwo Ewhrudjakpo and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)… February 24, 2020 In "Politics"