Mumbai (India)  – Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput, who won acclaim for his role in the 2016 biopic of then Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, was found dead at his home in Mumbai on Sunday, police said. He was 34 years old. “It pains us to share that Sushant Singh Rajput is no longer with us,” a spokesperson for the actor said in a statement. Rajput was found dead at his residence on Sunday morning and an investigation is ongoing, a spokesperson for the Mumbai police said, declining to give further details. Local media reported that the actor had been found hanging from the ceiling of his home. Rajput’s death sent shockwaves through Bollywood and Indian sport, with tributes and condolences pouring in on social media. “This is just so shocking. A wonderful talent. RIP Sushant,” actor Abhishek Bachchan said on Twitter. Rajput started his acting career with television soap operas and made his Bollywood debut in 2013. He had acted in 10 films and his eleventh, an official remake of the Hollywood hit “The Fault in Our Stars”, is scheduled for release later this year. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi also expressed shock over the actor’s death. “A bright young actor gone too soon … His rise in the world of entertainment inspired many and he leaves behind several memorable performances,” Modi said on Twitter. (Reuters/NAN) India - A popular Bollywood actor, Kushal Punjabi, 37 has reportedly committed suicide after he was found dead at his residence.  According to local media reports in India, the body of the Bollywood actor was found hanging in his Mumbai home, India on the night of Thursday, December 26th.  His… December 27, 2019 In "Foreign" NEW DELHI - An Indian film that features a self-styled spiritual leader in bejeweled costume riding [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]motorbikes and sending bad guys flying, has prompted the chief of the country's censor panel to quit, citing government interference. Leela Samson resigned on Thursday after an appeals tribunal reversed the panel's decision… January 16, 2015 In "Foreign" Veteran Bollywood actor Kiran Kumar has tested positive for coronavirus. According to reports by the Indian media, the 68-year-old actor has been self-quarantining at his Mumbai residence ever since he tested positive for the deadly virus. Kiran Kumar was also reported to be asymptomatic and keeping well. “I am asymptomatic.… May 25, 2020 In "Foreign"