OSOGBO – A commercial driver, Mayowa Adeyemo, 32, on Tuesday, appeared before an Osun State Magistrates’ Court sitting in Osogbo for battering his 18-month-old son. Mayowa was alleged to have beaten the victim with sticks and burnt several parts of his body with lighted cigarettes. The police prosecutor, Abiodun Fagboyinbo, explained that the incident happened on May 24, 2020, around 1.30pm in Okinni. Fagboyinbo added that the defendant exploited the victim; an act he noted was injurious to the welfare of the child. The two counts of assault and exploitation were said to be contrary to and punishable under Section 33(1) (2) of the Child Rights Law of Osun State Nigeria as well as Section 355 of the Criminal Code, Cap 34, Vol. II,  Laws of Osun State Nigeria, 2002. A picture of the victim obtained from security sources showed injuries on his body as a result of the torture he was allegedly subjected to by the defendant. Mayowa, who had no legal representation, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. He said he was under a spell and identified his mother as the person behind his ordeal. Mayowa stated, “I have five children from five women. I know I am under a spell. I have consulted several pastors, who told me that my mother is responsible for my situation. I am a commercial driver. “The boy I assaulted is my son from the fourth woman. When his mother got pregnant, we got separated due to the insistence of her family that she should not marry me. (Punch) An Osogbo Magistrate Court in Osun State has been told by 29-year-old mother of two, Familola Tomisin, how her husband, Mr. Adetunji, defrauded some persons with her bank account number and fled Nigeria. Familola was arraigned before the court by the police for allegedly conspiring with her husband to defraud… February 12, 2020 In "Metro" By Joshua Oladipo Osogbo - The Police  on Monday docked two teenagers in an Osogbo Chief Magistrates’  Court for  alleged burglary. The defendants, Yusuf Olaniyi,18, and the other, a 15-year-old boy, were arraigned on a four-count charge bothering on burglary, conspiracy and theft. The prosecutor, ASP Fagboyinbo Abiodun, told  the court… February 25, 2019 In "Metro" By Joshua Oladipo Osogbo - The Police in Osun, on Tuesday, arraigned a 35-year-old man, Adeola Bolarinwa, before an Osogbo Chief Magistrates’ Court over alleged N413,000 fraud. Bolarinwa, who is facing a two-count charge of fraud and theft, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. The Police Prosecutor, ASP Fagboyinbo… March 3, 2020 In "News"