The Inspector-General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, has ordered the immediate transfer of the rape and murder case involving UNIBEN undergraduate, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, from the Edo state police command to the Force Headquarters, Abuja. This was disclosed in a statement released by the force spokesperson, Frank Mba, today June 2nd. The statement reads; “The Inspector General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, NPM, mni has ordered the immediate transfer of the ongoing investigations into the inhuman sexual assault and death of Miss Vera Uwaila Omosuwa which occurred recently in Benin, Edo State from the Police State Headquarters, Benin to the Force headquarters, Abuja. The IGP’s directive is sequel to the preliminary report from the team of investigators and forensic experts earlier deployed to assist the Edo State Police Command in the investigations into the unfortunate incident. The DIG in charge of the Force Criminal Investigation Department (FCID), DIG Anthony Ogbizi Michael, fdc will henceforth provide direct supervision and ensure speedy and thorough investigation of the case.” Mba added that the IGP has also ordered the immediate deployment of specialized investigators and additional investigation assets to all gender desk offices and juvenile welfare centers nationwide. In a similar vein, the IGP has ordered the immediate deployment of specialized investigators and additional investigation assets to all the Gender Desks Offices and the Juvenile Welfare Centres (JWC) across the country. This is to strengthen and enhance the capacity of the Units to respond to increasing challenges of sexual assaults and domestic/gender-based violence linked with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and other social ills within the country. Meanwhile, the IGP has called on members of the public to provide the police useful information that could aid investigations into ongoing cases of sexual assaults and domestic/gender-based violence across the country. He also enjoins parents and guardians to pay closer attention to their children and wards in these trying times. Source ABUJA - Investigation into the brutal rape and murder of Miss Vera Omosuwa, the University of Benin 100-level microbiology student, has been moved to Abuja on the orders of the Inspector General of Police (I-G) Mohammed Adamu. Force Headquarters, has taken over from the Edo State Police Command, according to… June 2, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the Nigeria Police Force to ‘speedily investigate’ the killing of a 100-level student of the University of Benin, Uwaila Omozuwa. Omozuwa was r*ped and murdered by hoodlums when she went to read at the RCCG, Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, Edo Province 10, in Benin City… June 3, 2020 In "Politics" OmozuwaPresident Muhamamdu Buhari has finally reacted to the rape and murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN) by unknown assailants. Coming against the backdrop of an order by the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu that the investigations into the case be… June 2, 2020 In "News"