N1,640,000 Raised To Help Kickstart Defense Process For Seyitan Wine and Whine on Twitter claims that N1,640,000 has been raised through donations to help kickstart the defense for Seyitan who accused D’banj of rape. According to the Twitter user, the money donated is set to be remitted to and accounted for with StandToEndRape for Seyitan “defense process and also help Seyitan herself” to get justice for the alleged rape by D’banj in an hotel room in 2018. “Hi everyone, Together, today, we raised N1,640,000 for the legal fund, all of which have been properly remitted to and accounted for with @StandtoEndRape.This will help us kickstart the defense process and also help Seyitan herself. Thank you to everyone who lent their voice. Thank you so much for showing up for women today. There’s still a lot of work ahead, but she’s home and that’s a win. Thank you to @kikimordi @AyodejiOsowobi @OmogeDami @darlingdami and everyone who kicked up noise to make sure her rights were not trampled upon today. And to everyone who donated, we see you, we love you and we appreciate you”. Hi everyone,Together, today, we raised N1,640,000 for the legal fund, all of which have been properly remitted to and accounted for with @StandtoEndRape.This will help us kickstart the defense process and also help Seyitan herself.Thank you to everyone who lent their voice. https://t.co/qyjhATvuq5 Source Music artiste, Oladapo Oyebanjo aka D’Banj, has demanded N100m from Miss Seyitan Babatayo who accused him of raping her in a hotel room on December 30, 2018. In a pre-litigation letter signed by his lawyer, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN), the musician asked his accuser to make a payment of N100m… June 17, 2020 In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian singer, Oladapo Daniel Oyebanjo, better known by his stage name D’banj, has been accused of rape by Otunba Benjamin Ese Action, who released details of the ALLEGED 2018 rape incident. D'banj accused of rape See details of alleged 2018 rape Social media users have been left outraged with… June 3, 2020 In "Metro" Since young Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa was r*ped and killed in Benin, Edo State, the conversation around rape has popped up its ugly head again in Nigeria. After the uproar on the demand to arrest and arraign the culprits behind the death of the 100 level student of the University… June 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"