The Independent National Electoral Commission has rejected the notice of governorship primary sent to it by the ruling All Progressives Congress. The electoral body hinged its decision on the fact that the notice was signed by only the party’s acting national secretary. It said that was contrary to the commission’s guidelines, which require that such notice should be jointly signed by the national chairman and national secretary of the political party. The commission conveyed its position to the APC in a letter dated June 22, 2020, and signed its Secretary, Mrs Rose Oriaran-Anthony. The letter marked INEC/DEPIM/APC/522/T.3 with the title “Re: Notice of conduct of primaries” was addressed to the party’s national chairman. In rejecting the notice, INEC asked the APC to issue a fresh notice that will comply with its guidelines. The letter read, “Please refer to your letter with reference APC/NHDQ/INEC/19/020/013 which was received by the Commission on June 18, 2020. “The commission notes that your notice scheduling the conduct of APC Ondo State governorship primary on July 20, 2020, was signed by only the acting national secretary. “This is contrary to the provision of Article 4.4 of the commission’s regulations and guidelines for the conduct of party primaries which requires that such notices shall be jointly signed by the national chairman and national secretary of the political party. “Accordingly, your party is advised to issue an appropriate notice for the conduct of its Ondo State governorship primary in line with relevant provisions of the regulations and guidelines for the conduct of party primaries.” Source The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has announced that the All Progressives Congress (APC) may not participate in the October governorship election in Ondo State, basing its decision on irregularities in the APC notice to the Commission about the rescheduling of the party’s state primaries. In a letter entitled “Re:… June 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - All Progressives Congress (APC) has warned the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) over the leaked letter containing dates for its primary elections. The party which cautioned the party against further occurrence urged the commission to looks into its internal handling of official correspondence… August 24, 2018 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja (Sundiata Post) -   All Progressives Congress (APC) has postponed its National Convention to Saturday, June 23, 2018.   The postponement was announced in a statement by the Party via its official twitter handle, @OfficialAPCNg on Thursday night.   National Publicity Secretary, Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi said… May 25, 2018 In "Politics"