The Chairman of the Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, says criminal acts such as fraud do not define the Nigerian people. The NIDCOM boss stated this while condemning the audacity of Ramon Abass aka Hushpuppi to commit crimes and still “show-off”. The PUNCH had earlier reported how the Dubai Police Force in the United Arab Emirates arrested the Nigerian known for flaunting his luxurious lifestyle on Instagram. The DPF revealed that upon the arrest of Hushpuppi and 12 other members of his gang, including Olalekan Ponle, aka Woodberry, they discovered that fraud amounting to 1.6 billion dirham (N168bn) had been perpetrated by the gang. The Dubai police said the raid, carried out on June 10, 2020, was dubbed: Fox Hunt 2. Reacting on Thursday evening, Dabiri-Erewa said the crimes perpetrated by Hushpuppi and his abettors dented the image of Nigeria, stressing that the law should take its course. “Committing a crime and still having the audacity to show off. Ramoni Igbalode aka Hushpuppi. This is really denting to our image as a people, but like I always say, fraud does not represent who we are as Nigerians. Hardworking. dedicated, committed. “Whether your name is Ramoni Igbalode or Invictus Obi, crime is crime. The law must take its course. To those countries, another Nigerian has committed a crime. While we will call out those who soil our image, we will always celebrate the Source •Hushpuppi    …as INTERPOL confirms arrest of suspected international fraudsterLaunches manhunt for accomplices in alleged trans-border fraud Plans are underway by the International Police (INTERPOL) Nigeria to extradite Instagram celebrity Raymond Igbalodely a.k.a. Hushpuppi from Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to Nigeria to face alleged multiple fraud charges, The… June 13, 2020 In "News" Dubai Police have seized Dh150 million ($40.9m) in cash and more than a dozen luxury cars in the arrest of an Instagram celebrity accused of online fraud and money laundering. In a video shared by the police, officers explained how they arrested Nigerian gang leader Raymond Abbas, known as Hushpuppi.… June 25, 2020 In "News" •Hushpuppi ABUJA - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says it is working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation to trace those allegedly defrauded by Ramoni Igbalode aka Ray Hushpuppi. The EFCC said in a statement by its spokesman, Dele Oyewale, that Hushpuppi, is Nigeria’s most wanted hacker. The… June 18, 2020 In "Metro"