Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has labelled Jay-Jay Okocha’s strike against Oliver Khan for Eintracht Frankfurt back in 1993 the “most spectacular goal in the history of German football.” Okocha’s magnificent goal saw him keep hold of the ball in the penalty area, twisting and turning past a number of defenders before slotting it cooly past the Khan. The strike was named goal of the season by many German outlets and Khan joked in 2016 that he was still “feeling dizzy” because of it. Speaking to the Guardian, Klopp lauded Okocha and that goal in particular, saying: “Okocha scored the most spectacular goal in the history of German football. “It took like five minutes of Kahn and his defenders diving on the floor before he put the ball in the net. “Some of the world’s best players have been from Africa; George Weah, Didier Drogba and Yaya Toure. In their generation they were some of the best players so why should we not sign them? It’s great.” Klopp currently has two of the best African footballers in the world at Liverpool in Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah and revealed he thinks they possess a different mentality as a result of their upbringing. Source London - Liverpool stretched their lead at the top of the 2019/2020 English Premier League (EPL) to 16 points and set a record in the process on Saturday. Roberto Firmino’s first half goal secured a battling 1-0 win at Tottenham Hotspur for them. Juergen Klopp’s unbeaten side were not at… January 12, 2020 In "Sports" Liverpool forward Sadio Mane faces a late fitness test to be in contention for Wednesday’s Premier League trip to Burnley after sustaining a foot injury, manager Juergen Klopp said on Tuesday. Senegal international Mane suffered a cut that required several stitches during Sunday’s 1-0 victory over Everton in the Merseyside… December 4, 2018 In "Sports" Barcelona went into the second-leg of their Champions League semi looking certain to go through. Lionel Messi scored twice at the Nou Camp to put the Spaniards 3-0 ahead. But it counted for nothing as Anfield as Liverpool pulled off one of the greatest comebacks in European history to go… May 7, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds"