By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Presidency has reacted to the insinuation that the dissolution of All Progressives Congress National Working Committee was targeted at stopping the 2023 presidential ambition of Asiwaju Tinubu insisting that there is no rift between the President and Tinubu. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, in a statement said the requests Buhari put to the party’s NEC which were unanimously approved were aimed at saving the party, which at the time faced an existential crisis. In arriving at the decision, he said the President followed the constitution and carried everyone along. He said while Buhari’s action had been widely accepted by lovers of democracy and party members, the Presidency was concerned that some people were seeing it as a “Buhari-Tinubu showdown.” “Nothing can be farther from the truth,” he said. Shehu said in the formation of the APC, Buhari and Tinubu were both inspired by democratic norms, national interest and not by partisan motivations. These, he said, were the qualities that have made them move past cynical distractions. The statement added, “They (Buhari and Tinubu) are in touch with each other. Their relationship remains as strong as ever and between the two of them, only they know how they manage their enviable relationship.” Following insinuations that the recent developments in the All Progressives Congress were indications of a rift between the President, Muhammadu Buhari and the National Leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, Afenifere chieftain, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, has said he knew the President was allegedly deceiving Tinubu all along, The PUNCH… June 28, 2020 In "Politics" The Presidency has described recent interpretations following the dissolution of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), as misleading. In a statement on Saturday, the Presidency said the narrative projecting a face-off between President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola… June 27, 2020 In "News" By Emmanuel Mogbede,   The recent appointment of All Progressives Congress (APC) leader Bola Tinubu by President Muhammadu Buhari to address the crisis rocking the party by reconciling members’ interests has generated controversies since the announcement. For most political observers, Tinubu, one of the founding-members of the party, is seen… March 7, 2018 In "Features"