Popular Ghanaian actress, Juliet Ibrahim recently took to her social media page to express her distaste about being called a half-caste. The actress told a story of how someone she had a conversation with insisted she isn’t “black enough” to be called a black woman because of her skin colour. Juliet revealed that people see her and her siblings as half-caste, a term she insists she finds offensive. Her post reads ; “I had a random conversation the other day with someone and it was appalling when he mentioned passively to me that he doesn’t see me as a #Blackwoman ! He argued, you are not “black enough” your skin isn’t dark enough, your hair not kinky enough. And thus my siblings and I do not “count” as Black. Now this is Exactly, what we are fighting to correct amongst ourselves and the world at large. I am a black woman! When I’m abroad amongst the whites, I am classified and recognized as a black woman, however, right amongst us Africans I’ll be referred to as a Half-Caste! This is the most derogatory term to describe a person of mixed race or mixed ethnicity. We are referred to as mixed race or multi-racial! Mixed race people are no less black than their dark-skinned counterparts. So, let’s all say NO to RACISM, TRIBALISM, COLORISM and SEGREGATION. Let’s teach and train our children to grow up and accept people for who they are and not by the color of their skin.” The Nation Ghanaian screen diva, Juliet Ibrahim has reacted to the public apology by ex-boyfriend and Nigerian rapper, Iceberg Slim after the duo broke up. According to her, she is glad the truth is finally in the public domain, adding that though she has forgiven him, there is no way she would… August 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" The suspects The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) has arrested two sisters identified simply as Juliet and Chioma for allegedly selling their mentally challenged sister’s son for N350,000. The sisters were arrested alongside a Pastor’s wife identified as Efe and 45-year-old Mrs. Alabi who allegedly… February 5, 2020 In "Metro" Ghanaian Nollywood actress, Juliet Ibrahim, has revealed she had sex in a public place not minding people around. She was speaking in her interview with Trybes TV’s On My Honour. The mother of one revealed that she has had sex at the beach, and that it went down well, even… April 28, 2017 In "Entertainment"