Deyjah, daughter of popular US rapper T.I got emotional as she spoke out about how she felt when she found out her father disclosed to the world how he ensures her hymen is still intact, every year. In 2019, the rapper had revealed in an interview how he takes her teen daughter for a yearly checkup to a gynecologist to ensure she has not been sexually active. After the June 8 episode of ‘T.I. & Tiny: Friends & Family Hustle’, a reality TV show that offers a glimpse into the private life of T.I., his wife Tameka ‘Tiny’ Cottle and their seven children, a preview clip for the next episode showed Tameka finding out that her husband, whose real name is Clifford Joseph Harris Jr., had spoken about their daughter’s hymen. According to reports, the eyebrow-raising interview took place in November 2019, and now the upcoming episode of the family drama will show how the family handled it behind the scenes. The preview of the upcoming episode shows Deyjah being completely mortified to hear her father’s comments. “Things are completely awkward between me and my dad,” she said in a confessional. Later, in front of some of her friends, she added: “The situation is just a little traumatizing for me.” The teenager also said she just “didn’t want to be around” her father at the time. The end of the clip saw Deyjah wiping away tears as she said, “I’m ready to go home now.” While on the other side, T.I. was showed in another conversation, where he insisted, “What I’m never going to do is apologize for being me.” The controversial interview of T.I. took place on the ‘Ladies Like Us’ podcast last year in November, where the ‘Takers’ star shared: “I will say as of her 18th birthday, her hymen is still intact. Deyjah’s 18, just graduated high school now and she’s attending her first year of college, figuring it out for herself. And yes, not only have we had the conversation [about sex], we have yearly trips to the gynecologist to check her hymen.” “[The doctor] comes in and says, ‘Well, I just want you to know that there are other ways besides sex that the hymen can be broken, like bike riding, athletics, horseback riding and other forms of athletic physical activity. So I say, ‘Look, doc, she don’t ride no horses, she don’t ride no bike, she don’t play no sports. Just check the hymen please and give me back my results expeditiously,’” he added at the time. At the time, T.I. received major backlash. However, he later clarified his comments while appearing on ‘Red Table Talk’. He said that he was joking and never actually went into the room with Deyjah. “It was a conversation I was having in a very joking matter. I began to embellish and exaggerate, and I think people took it too literally. I never said I was in any exam room. Never said it was done in present-day [when she was] an 18-year-old. Never said that [Deyjah’s mother] wasn’t present. She was there every time,” T.I. added. (The Nation) T.I.'s daughter Deyjah Harris has unfollowed her dad and family on Instagram after he made comments about her hymen. It comes after her rapper dad, 39, said he attends Deyjah's gynecologist appointments to make sure she's a virgin. The star, 18, has yet to publicly address her dad's remarks as… November 12, 2019 In "Entertainment" According to a report by The Nation, a family court sitting in Owerri, the Imo State capital has arraigned the state director of the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), Mr. Ikenna Unegbu for allegedly defiling a two years old girl in his office. The Nation gathered that the incident happened… March 7, 2020 In "News" A driver, Michael Ogbar, 51, repeatedly defiled his 10-year-old daughter in their home in Lagos, a medical doctor, Dr Oyedeji Alagbe, told the Ikeja Sexual Offences and Domestic Violence Court on Thursday in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Alagbe, a consultant at the Mirabel Centre (a… January 30, 2020 In "Metro"