US President, Donald Trump has expressed sadness and sent his condolence to the family of David Dorn, a retired police officer who was shot dead by some protesters on Tuesday. David Dorn was reported to have been killed by looters after he responded to a burglary alarm at Lee’s Pawn & Jewelry on Martin Luther King Drive in St. Louis. St. Louis Police Chief, John Hayden confirming his death in a press conference on Tuesday, said about 55 businesses, including the pawn shop, reported property damage overnight, following the protests held in Downtown St. Louis over the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis. Reacting, Trump took to his Twitter page mourning the death of Dorn killed by ‘despicable looter’. His tweet read: “Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. “We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you!” In the past few days, despite the coronavirus pandemic, there has been serious unrest in most States in the United States of America over the killing of George Floyd, an unarmed 46-year-old African American man who died in the hands of a police officer in Minneapolis. Some Americans mostly of the black race took to the street in protest over injustice and police brutality. Recall that the family of Floyd in its independent autopsy proved that his death is a homicide. The reports said that Floyd died from asphyxiation (lack of oxygen) after Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin knelt on his neck for more than eight minutes. Source BY BBC The police killing of a second black St Louis-area man in 11 days has threatened to further enflame tensions. On Tuesday, police officers shot dead a man who brandished a knife at them, St Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said. The 9 August police shooting of Michael Brown,… August 20, 2014 In "Foreign" A restaurant owner who gave police officers free meals was shot dead by cops amid Black Lives Matter protests in Kentucky. David McAtee, 53, was killed on Monday morning while police officers and National Guard soldiers were enforcing a curfew in Louisville, amid a wave of protests calling for justice… June 2, 2020 In "Foreign" By Ernest Scheyder and Marice Richter DALLAS   - A U.S. Army reservist who served in Afghanistan, embraced militant black nationalism and professed a desire to "kill white people" has been named by authorities as the lone gunman in a sniper attack on police in Dallas that left five officers… July 9, 2016 In "Foreign"