A young Nigerian man has been arraigned in court for allegedly having s3x with a pig in Ibadan, Oyo State. The 22- year-old man, identified as Ayokunbi Olaniyi, was arraigned before an Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court. The police prosecutor, Insp. Opeyemi Olagunju, told the court that Olaniyi, who resides in Eleti – Odo area, Iwo Road, Ibadan, had sex with a pig on April 2, at about 4 p.m. According to Olagunju, the accused works at a pig farm in Elewi – Odo area, Ibadan and was caught having s3x with one of the pigs. He said the suspect was being arraigned on one count of unnatural offence as the offence contravened the provisions of Section 214 (2) of the Criminal Code Cap 38, Vol. II , Laws of Oyo State 2000. Ayokunbi Olaniyi has though pleaded not guilty to the offence. His counsel, Mr Mumin Jimoh, prayed the court to grant his client bail in the most liberal terms. According to him, the owner of the pig has forgiven his client. The presiding magistrate, Olaide Amzat, after listening to his plea, said that though the owner of the pig has forgiven the defendant, has God or the pig forgiven him? He admitted Ayokunbi to bail in the sum of N100, 000 with two sureties in like sum, and adjourned the matter until July 21 for hearing. Source Ibadan - A 42-year-old architect, Sanni Idowu, was on Wednesday arraigned before an Ibadan High Court for allegedly raping his daughter. Mr Tajudeen AbdulGaniyu, the prosecution counsel, informed the court that the defendant was arraigned on a one-count charge of rape. AbdulGaniyu said that the defendant unlawfully had carnal knowledge of his… December 2, 2015 In "News" IBADAN - A man, Sakiru Adebayo,37, was arraigned on Thursday in an Ibadan Chief  Magistrates’ Court sitting at Iyaganku  for alleged kidnapping  of two persons. The Prosecutor, Insp  Sunday  Ogunremi, told the court that Adebayo unlawfully kidnapped one Lanre Salami, 25, and  Dare Ogunkunle, 23. He said  the accused,  a… May 15, 2014 In "News" Ibadan - An Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court, Ibadan on Friday remanded a 28 -year-old driver , Anuoluwa Oyeladun in prison over alleged defilement of a minor. The Chief Magistrate, Mrs A.F.Richard ordered that Oyeladun be remanded at Agodi Prison pending the advice of the State Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP).… March 11, 2016 In "News"