A Nigerian lady identified as Cassandra Owolabi, who formerly worked for star actress, Funke Akindele, has taken to her social media page to accuse the actress of physical, emotional and financial abuse. Narrating her story in a lengthy post which she tagged #IsurvivedFunkeAkindele, Cassandra who is a screenwriter, alleged that Funke made her staff work under ‘duress and fear’. She added that the experience has taught her that not all that glitter is gold. Sharing a 14-minute video , she wrote ; FINALLY FOUND THE STRENGTH TO SPEAK UP AGAIN A little update: About a month ago, I posted a lengthy video of my experience working with Funke Akindele. But the video was quickly brought down as a bid to shut me up. Naturally as a content creator, my instinct was to make another one right away but I couldn’t bring myself to it due to the fact that I touched on a really sensitive topic (depression) and some experiences I passed through while working for her which was like opening old wounds and I needed time to heal from that. I am indeed happy and relieved that I finally got to make another video in which I touched on a few things because truthfully, even if I was given a day I would still not be able to cover all the ills not just me but her staff face daily. Funke AkindeleFunke Akindele The experience has indeed taught me that not all that glitters is gold, literally! Looking back I just wondered how I endured so much when we were deprived of so many things. For instance, we couldn’t watch TV (literally, the TV in our lodge was taken away weeks after we resumed) and she mustn’t walk in on you watching anything on your laptop (can’t tell you how many times she randomly sent people to come check if we were sleeping or doing anything asides writing). I mean, how do you expect your writers to be 100% productive when you don’t allow them some leisure time? It didn’t take me long to develop bloodshot eyes because there were daysssssssssss when we’d write all through the night, no sleep. We worked under DURESS AND FEAR. It is always about the script, the script is more important than you and your health. P.S – For the few who asked why my character in the YouTube series ‘HOUSEHELPS’ was replaced, well… Because I chose to leave she asked. See video below: A little update: About a month ago, I posted a lengthy video of my experience working with Funke Akindele. But the video was quickly brought down as a bid to shut me up. Naturally as a content creator, my instinct was to make another one right away but I couldn't bring myself to it due to the fact that I touched on a really sensitive topic (depression) and some experiences I passed through while working for her which was like opening old wounds and I needed time to heal from that. I am indeed happy and relieved that I finally got to make another video in which I touched on a few things because truthfully, even if I was given a day I would still not be able to cover all the ills not just me but her staff face daily. The experience has indeed taught me that not all that glitters is gold, literally! Looking back I just wondered how I endured so much when we were deprived of so many things. For instance, we couldn't watch TV (literally, the TV in our lodge was taken away weeks after we resumed) and she mustn't walk in on you watching anything on your laptop (can't tell you how many times she randomly sent people to come check if we were sleeping or doing anything asides writing). I mean, how do you expect your writers to be 100% productive when you don't allow them some leisure time? It didn't take me long to develop bloodshot eyes because there were daysssssssssss when we'd write all through the night, no sleep. We worked under DURESS AND FEAR. It is always about the script, the script is more important than you and your health.  P.S – For the few who asked why my character in the YouTube series 'HOUSEHELPS' was replaced, well… Because I chose to leave she asked that I be replaced (no surprises there). #IsurvivedFunkeAkindele #SurvivingFunke #freedom #speakingmytruth A post shared by  Cassandra Owolabi (@khassie_) on Jun 27, 2020 at 8:14am PDT Source Actress Funke Akindele has pledged to practice what she preaches. This comes after her arrest for hosting a house party that contravened the lockdown order of the government by the police yesterday at her residence though her husband went on the run. The actress said Naira Marley had been at… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" A former Lagos Governorship aspirant, Babatunde Gbadamosi has said it was wrong for him to have attended a house party that actress, Funke Akindele organized for her husband, JJC Skillz 43rd birthday at their residence in Amen Estate in Lagos on Saturday, April 4. He asked for forgiviness. Recall that… April 6, 2020 In "News" Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele has explained why her husband celebrated his birthday which led to social gathering amidst coronavirus pandemic. The star actress and her producer husband JJC Skillz early Sunday morning came under heavy bashing from Nigerians on social media. The backlash that trailed the celebrity couple was due… April 5, 2020 In "Entertainment"