By Ifeanyi Olannye  Asaba  – Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has congratulated his Edo counterpart, Mr Godwin Obaseki, on his 63rd birth anniversary which comes up on July 1. The governor, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, in Asaba said that Obaseki deserved to be celebrated for providing purposeful, courageous and result-oriented leadership for Edo people in nearly four years as the governor of Edo. He lauded Obaseki’s ingenuity and untiring spirit which he said the governor had brought to bear in stimulating the industrialisation of his state. He said that this had made life easier for the people of Edo through investments, including the Azura-Edo Independent Power Project (IPP), a 450MW Open Cycle Gas Turbine power station. Okowa eulogised the Edo chief executive for his patriotic and unrelenting service to his state and the nation. He prayed to God to grant Obaseki long life, good health and wisdom as he continues to serve Edo people and Nigeria. “It is heart-warming to note that you have, through dint of hard work, discipline and vision industrialise Edo, won the admiration and respect of your people and the nation at large. “Your focus and commitment to reforms in governance and your ability to attract investors into your state are remarkable and worthy of commendation. “No doubt, the people of Edo will in September, reciprocate your giant strides in the last four years by returning you and your amiable deputy for another term in office to guarantee a brighter future ahead of them. “On behalf of my family, the government and people of Delta, I heartily rejoice with my brother governor, a reputable politician, an outstanding professional, seasoned administrator, Mr Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki, on his 63rd birth anniversary. “It is our prayer that God will continue to protect you and grant you good health to render more services to mankind,” he said. (NAN). By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta and his Edo counterpart, Mr Godwin Obaseki, have committed to exploring opportunities in BRACED Commission. BRACED is the acronym for Bayelsa, Rivers, Akwa Ibom, Cross River, Edo and Delta States, a commission formed by former governors from the six member… June 6, 2019 In "News" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba  -  Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has urged all Nigerians to support the Acting President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo in his effort to ensure a united and peaceful nation. Okowa made the call on Friday while inaugurating a private broadcast station “Bridge Radio 98.7 FM” in Asaba,… June 24, 2017 In "News" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has congratulated Mr Femi Gbajabiamila, Speaker, House of Representatives, who turns 57 years on Tuesday, June 25. Okowa, in a statement issued on Monday by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Charles Aniagwu, in Asaba, described Gbajabiamila as a quintessential politician.… June 24, 2019 In "News"