The couple involved in the Murder/Suicide incident in Victory Park estate in Lekki, Lagos state on Sunday, June 21, were scheduled to get married this August. The couple Chris Ndukwe, 39, and Olamide Alli, 25, were said to have been dating on and off for over 7 years. They have a seven-year-old son and then had a second son, three years ago. However, trouble started when Chris began to doubt the paternity of their second child, insisting the child isn’t his. According to the friend, what is quite shocking to them is that Chris was still going on with the plans to marry Olamide in August while he was nursing such a plan. The friend who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Chris had called a comedian a few weeks ago to book him for their forthcoming nuptials. ”There have been an issue that has been coming up about the second child. He planned to get married to her in August. He had told friends about it. This is the most confusing for everyone. He had called a comedian earlier to tell him he was going to be the MC at the occassion. He had told our older friends that are doctors that they would accompnay him to go do the normal legal rites.” he said The friend said Chris and Olamide were never living together. He said Olamide usually takes the boys to the house to see Chris. He said on Saturday they went for jogging and when they returned, she offered to give him dinner. Later that night, she went to his room to spend some time with him while her sister was in the room with the boys, and that was when he committed the murder-suicide. Source Nigerian music star, Abolore Adegbola Akande popularly known as 9ice is set to get married for the third time in December 2019. According to a reliable source, the singer is getting married to his baby mama, Sunkami Ajala, who he has a daughter Mitchelle with. The couple are expected to… November 12, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani ABUJA  - Having been kidnapped by Boko Haram, held for almost a year, and raped by several militants, 28-year-old Aisha Umar could have been forgiven for believing her ordeal was over when she escaped and returned to her hometown in northeast Nigeria last year. But the… July 5, 2016 In "Security" It was a marriage doomed from the beginning, and after 13 years, it culminated in a tragedy. Presently, the couple, who live in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, are gradually coming to terms with the fact that they have opened a Pandora’s box. It started with the husband’s deceit––hiding his… May 25, 2019 In "Relationship"