Kiev  –  The U.S. Embassy in Ukraine, on Wednesday said that the U.S. would deliver a shipment of 60 million dollars’ worth of military equipment to Ukraine. The embassy said the shipment included anti-tank missiles, in support against Russian aggression. The embassy said in a statement that the shipment, which arrived in Ukraine on Tuesday and includes Javelin anti-tank missiles, ammunition and radios, is part of security assistance and cooperation efforts. “The United States stands strongly with Ukraine in support of its sovereignty and territorial integrity in the face of Russian aggression,’’ the statement said. Ukraine’s military has been fighting Russian-supported rebel groups in eastern Ukraine, near the Russian border, for more than six years. According to estimates by the United Nations, more than 13,000 people have been killed in the conflict. The conflict erupted after Kiev ousted its pro-Russian president in early 2014 in a political shift towards the West. Russia, which has represented the rebels at international peace talks, has repeatedly denied allegations of direct involvement in the conflict. (dpa/NAN) MOSCOW - A high-ranking Russian Federal lawmaker on Tuesday called for retaliation against Canada, saying it expanded its sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine conflict. ``We are not ready to accept restrictive measures against us without responding to them. ``We need to develop a new package of measures in regard… June 30, 2015 In "Foreign" MOSCOW/KERCH     -       Russia said on Wednesday it would send more of its advanced S-400 surface-to-air missile systems to Crimea and a Reuters reporter saw a Russian warship deploying nearby as tensions with Ukraine rose over Moscow’s seizure of Ukrainian navy ships. Russia has steadily poured new military hardware… November 28, 2018 In "Foreign" BRUSSELS/DONETSK (Reuters) - NATO said on Monday there was a "high probability" that Russia could launch an invasion of Ukraine, where the government said its troops have been closing in on Donetsk, the main city held by pro-Russian rebels. Kiev said it was in the "final stages" of recapturing Donetsk,… August 11, 2014 In "Foreign"