Nollywood actor, Kanayo O. Kanayo, has paid tribute to his father, Donatus Onyekwere who died on June 24, 1984 and his mother, Ezinne Onyekwere, who died on January 5, 2011. The 58-year-old paid tribute to the couple on Instagram on Wednesday and joked that he was on the lookout for opportunities to receive palliatives meant for orphans like him. “A day of solemn reflection for me in everlasting memories of my father Pa Donatus Nnaogu Onyekwere, who was called on 24/06/84(36 years ago) and my mother Ezinne Isabella Egeolu Onyekwere, 05/01/11. “You now know I am an orphanage’. No Papa, no mama. So please alert me anywhere, Orphans are receiving palliative. A little prayer will do. God bless you,” he wrote. A day of solemn reflection for me in everlasting memories of my father Pa Donatus Nnaogu Onyekwere, who was called on 24/06/84(36 years ago) and my mother Ezinne Isabella Egeolu Onyekwere, 05/01/11. You now know I am an ‘ORPHANAGE ‘. no Papa, no Mama. So please alert me anywhere, Orphans are receiving palliative. A little prayer will do. God bless you A post shared by  Kanayo O. Kanayo (@kanayo.o.kanayo) on Jun 24, 2020 at 2:33am PDT Source Lagos -  Veteran Nollywood actor, Kanayo O. Kanayo, on Friday launched a mentorship project named Kanayo O. Kanayo Mentoring Academy (KOKMA), designed to provide the younger generation with support in their career choice. Kanayo said in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the aim… April 15, 2016 In "Entertainment" Renowned Nollywood actor, Kanayo O. Kanayo, has said he could not celebrate his 55th birthday on Wednesday due to the crisis in the country. He said he couldn’t have celebrated with religious crisis and innocent blood crying all over the land. On his Instagram page @Kanayo.o.Kanayo, he wrote: “My dear… March 2, 2017 In "Entertainment" Going back to higher institutions to acquire more knowledge with fame and a thriving career at hand is obviously a difficult decision, but some Nigerian celebrities have shown it is never too late to hit the books again.It goes beyond attending classes, these celebrities had to juggle their career with… December 17, 2019 In "Entertainment"