By Yemi Adeleye/Ibironke Ariyo Lagos –  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Friday notified motorists of imminent diversion and safety precaution on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway as the Federal Ministry of Work begins integrity test on the Kara Bridge. The Corps Marshal of FRSC, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, gave the notification in a statement by the Corps Public Education Officer, Mr Bisi Kazeem. Oyeyemi said that the integrity test was pursuant to the recent fire incident that involved multiple articulated vehicles on the Kara Bridge on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. According to him, the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing will be carrying out the integrity test on the bridge as part of safety measures to ascertain the extent of the damage on the road and effect the requisite repairs. “The test operation, which will necessitate the narrowing of the Ibadan-bound carriageway to two lanes only, will be carried out on Saturday, June 27, 2020 and Sunday, June 28, 2020, on the Ibadan-bound carriageway. “As such, there will be an imminent diversion of traffic on the bridge to allow for smooth conduct of the test,” the corps marshal said. Oyeyemi advised the motoring public to exercise caution at the diversion points, maintain common sense speed limit, and be lane disciplined while using the available portion of the road. He said that the test would not require total closure of the bridge. According to him, alternative routes can be explored so as to reduce burden on the motorable portion on the bridge. The FRSC boss called on motorists to take advantage of the available routes to decongest traffic around the bridge. “The alternative routes are; Ikorodu Road to Itokin-Ijebu-Ode to Iperu or Sagamu interchange. “Also, those driving on Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway will now go through Sango Ota-Itori inward Abeokuta to Sagamu interchange while vehicles heading to Ibadan on Lekki-Ajah to Ibeju Lekki to Epe-Ijebu-Ode are to pass through Sagamu interchange. “Motorists are advised to call the FRSC toll free number 122 or the National Traffic Radio lines 08052998090, 09067000015, 08052998012 for help and emergency response if necessary,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that there was an accident involving three tankers and a truck on Kara Bridge on Sunday morning (June 21, 2020). (NAN) By Grace Alegba Lagos - The Federal Government on Sunday reopened the entire Kara Bridge inbound and outbound sections on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway to traffic after completing reconstruction works on the bridge, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. NAN reports that site preparation toward the total reopening began on Saturday… March 1, 2020 In "Metro" By Angela Atabo Abuja -  Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, Corps Marshal , Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), has warned motorists to be extra cautious on the  Lagos-Ibadan Highway and obey all traffic rules and regulations at all times. A   statement signed by  Mr Bisi Kazeem, Head, Media Relations and Strategy,… November 17, 2016 In "News" By Kazeem Akande Lagos - The Corps Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, has told travellers that the organisation  would eliminate gridlock and road crashes during the yuletide period. Oyeyemi said this on Friday while addressing newsmen along Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. The Corps commander also reacted to the… November 19, 2016 In "News"