By Emmanuel Afonne  Abuja  –  The management of the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) says that virtual matriculation of students is to be held for fresh students of the institution on June 13 in line with the COVID-19 lockdown protocols. A statement by the NOUN Director of Media and Publicity, Mr Ibrahim Sheme, explained that the development was due to the current lockdown of the education system. Sheme explained that during the matriculation, the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Abdalla Adamu, would deliver an address, followed by administering of oaths on the matriculating students by the Registrar, Mr Felix Idoka. He said the activities would be conducted virtually and beamed live through zoom from remote locations without the students being physically present. Sheme advised students to download the zoom app, to enable them to participate from home or any other location, adding that the application password would be communicated to them soon. Meanwhile, the university has withdrawn its earlier announcement that students could collect academic gowns from their various study centres for the matriculation ceremony, saying it was issued in error. A statement from the registrar’s office noted that it would be impossible to conduct an exercise of that nature physically, due to the lockdown. “The centre directors have been told not to open any study centre or allow a gathering of students until the ban on all tertiary institutions is lifted by the Federal Government,” Sheme said. (NAN) By Gami Tadanyigbe Abuja - The National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), on Saturday matriculated no fewer than 17,000 new students for the 2019 Academic Session. The Vice-Chancellor of the University, Prof. Abdalla Adamu, disclosed this during the matriculation ceremony at the institution’s headquarters in Abuja. Adamu who was represented… March 2, 2019 In "News" By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja - The National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) is to offer free virtual training programme on some selected digital short courses from May 4, to enhance academic activities. A statement issued by Mr Ambrose Gowong, Communications Officer, Africa Centre of Excellence on Technology Enhanced learning (ACETEL),… May 1, 2020 In "Education" An education programme for prisoners being facilitated by the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) has delivered the 2018 UNESCO Confucius Prize for Literacy to the Nigerian Prisons Service (NPS). The NPS, which was selected as one of the five winners of this year’s prize, got the laurel in recognition… August 28, 2018 In "News"