By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota (Ogun)  –   A 35-year-old man, Oluwafemi Kehinde, was on Tuesday arraigned in an Ota Magistrates’ Court in Ogun, for allegedly raping a physically challenged girl (name withheld). Kehinde, who lives at No.36 Success Street, Abule Isale, Ilogbo Road, Ota, is facing a count charge of raping. The Prosecutor, Insp.E.O. Adaraloye, told the court that the defendant committed the offence at his residence at about 10.30 p.m. on Feb. 12. Adaraloye said that the defendant had unlawful carnal knowledge of the complainant, by using his manhood to caress her private part, knowing fully well that she is a physically challenged person. He said that the offence contravened Section 360 of the Criminal Code Vol.1, 2006. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge. The Magistrate, Mrs A.O. Adeyemi, granted the him bail in the sum of N50,000 with two sureties in like sum. Adeyemi also ordered that the sureties must reside within the court’s jurisdiction and be gainfully employed with evidence of tax payment to Ogun Government. She adjourned the case until June 19 for trial. (NAN) Sango-Ota (Ogun) -  A 35-year-old man, Eniodunmo Monsuru, appeared in an Ota Magistrates' Court on Wednesday for alleged assault by bitting the complainant on the lips . Monsuru, who resides at No. 13 Adeyemi Street, Iyana-Ilogbo, Ota, was on a one-count charge of assault. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] The Prosecutor, Cpl. Abdulkareem… March 2, 2016 In "Metro" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota - A 37-year-old man, Bolaji Omo-akin, was on Tuesday brought before an Ota Magistrates ‘ Court for allegedly stealing a bus valued at N1.4 million that was kept in his custody. Omo-akin, who lives at No. 16 Talabi St., Atan, Ota, is facing a two-count charge of… February 26, 2019 In "Metro" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota (Ogun) - A 25-year-old man, Wasiu Ajayi, was on Wednesday charged before an Ota Senior Magistrates’ Court in Ogun, for allegedly stealing a Bajaj motorcycle valued at N220,000. Ajayi, whose address was not provided, is facing a three-count charge of stealing, burglary and conspiracy. The prosecutor,… February 12, 2020 In "News"