Berlin –  Senior lawmakers, from German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s ruling conservative bloc, on Saturday, criticised President Donald Trump’s decision to order the U.S. military to remove 9,500 troops from Germany. The move would reduce U.S. troop’s numbers in Germany to 25,000, from 34,500. “The plans once again show that the Trump administration is neglecting an elementary leadership task: the involvement of alliance partners in decision-making processes,’’ Johann Wadephul, foreign policy spokesman for the CDU/CSU parliamentary group, told Reuters. All NATO partners benefited from the cohesion of the alliance, and only Russia and China gain from discord, Wadephul said, adding: “This should be given more attention in Washington’’. Wadephul also spoke of a “further wake-up call” to Europeans to position themselves better in terms of security policy. The German Foreign Ministry declined to comment. Andreas Nick, like Wadephul a member of the parliamentary foreign relations committee, told Deutsche Welle the indications were that “the decision was not a technical but a purely politically motivated decision’’. A U.S. official, who did not want to be identified, said on Friday the move was the result of months of work by the top U.S. military officer, General Mark Milley, and had nothing to do with tensions between Trump and Merkel, who thwarted Trump’s plan to host a G7 meeting this month. The withdrawal, first reported by the Wall Street Journal, is the latest twist in relations between Berlin and Washington, which have often been strained during Trump’s presidency. Trump has pressed Germany to raise defence spending and accused Berlin of being a “captive” of Russia due to its energy reliance. (Reuters/NAN) Washington - There has been “no change” in U.S. policy towards the troop presence in Iraq, a Pentagon spokeswoman said Monday, amid swirling reports of a troop pullout following the U.S. killing of a top Iranian general. “There has been no change in U.S. policy with regard to our force… January 7, 2020 In "Foreign" Moscow -  Russia does not fully understand why the United States decided to withdraw troops from Syria but thinks Washington may shift its responsibility in the war-torn country to allies. The Russian Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, said this at a press conference, after talks with his Jordanian counterpart, Ayman Safadi… December 28, 2018 In "Foreign" World leaders have reacted with disbelief to the surprise election of Donald Trump as US president - and Russian President Vladimir Putin has become one of the first to congratulate the Republican on his win. Putin congratulated Donald Trump on his victory in the US presidential election in a telegram,… November 9, 2016 In "News"