Nigerian Male Baribe, Bobrisky, has stated that it is only billionaires that can have access to his body, as it exclusively reserved for that class. The controversial social media personality shared a photo showing off some skin, and at the same time addressed his perceived haters, who believe he is not beautiful. He Wrote; “When I tell you guys my body is meant for billionaires ONLY. You think am joking. Only a haters will say I’m not fine o” When I tell you guys my body is meant for billionaires ONLY. You think am joking. Only a haters will say I’m not fine o Hair @veebeezofficial A post shared by  okuneye idris Olanrewaju (@bobrisky222) on Jun 22, 2020 at 12:32pm PDT Bobrisky’s gender has always been an issue for debate across social media. It was not until recently that most people admitted he is still a man. He was at a time rumored to have undergone sex-change surgery, and mostly referred to as a woman. And to confuse his followers the more, the controversial cross-dresser sometimes dresses in outfit exposing the most sensitive part of his body and making it appear as though it was that of a woman. The bubble was however burst at his father’s birthday which was celebrated some few days back. Bobrisky, in what would be considered as a honor for his dad, dressed to the party as a man, and his photos immediately went viral on social media, as it became obvious he didn’t undergo sex change as people thought. Source Bobrisky whose gender has always been a confusion to himself and the public has caused further confusion after his debut in a recently released Nollywood movie. His Fans are confused whether to refer him as an actor or actress. You are not a typical Nigerian if you are not aware… May 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" This is a look into the life of Bobrisky, one of the most controversial Nigerians on social media at the moment.  Bobrisky’s story is not easy to tell. The first problem is deciding what pronoun to use. By the circumstances of his birth, ‘he’ is the right pronoun, but by… September 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian Slay man, Idris Okuneye, known as Bobrisky has reacted for the first time since news emerged that he was arrested by Police officers from Abuja. He was arrested due to an alleged fraudulent deal estimated at N30m. The spokesperson of the Nigeria Police Force, DCP Frank Mba, who… May 29, 2020 In "News"