By Uchenna Ugwu Afikpo South –  The Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) and the Nigeria Institute of Quantity Surveyors have expressed satisfaction with implementation of ongoing constituency and executive projects in Ebonyi. Mr Tanko Abdullahi, ICPC Head, Constituency and Executive Project Tracking Group (CEPTG), made this known on Tuesday, during the ongoing tracking of constituency and Executive Projects in the state. Abdullahi expressed satisfaction after the surveyors certified the completion of a diagnostic centre and a modular threat in Ebunuwana, Afikpo-South Local Government area. According to him, all equipment for both projects have been procured but yet to be installed. He disclosed that members of the team would still inspect installation of the equipment at the final stage of tracking in the area. “Having gotten to this stage of the exercise, it does not mean that we have stopped. “Rather the next stage of inspection continues, once we get information about the installation of equipments from members of the community who are the end users,” Abdullahi said. The Chairmen of the Nigerian Institute of Quantity Surveyors (NIQS), Ebonyi and Enugu Chapters, Ogbonna Ndubuisi and Ben Igweonyia, in their separate interviews, said that both construction work were well executed. “We are here to move the country forward by ensuring that executed projects are accounted for. “Our services are more of a pro bono job and also our duty to promote accountability. “The projects are relatively done, though the equipment are yet to be installed,” they noted. The Director, Neighborhood Environmental Foundation, a Non Governmental Organisation (NGO) and member of the team, Dr Kelechukwu Okezie commended the initiative of ICPC chairman, Prof Bolaji Owasanoye. Okezie described the exercise as a welcome development capable of preventing execution of substandard ventures and also stimulate people into delivering good jobs. “Once a project is sited in any community, the people are expected to own up the venture, monitor and ensure they report appropriately to the commission or other concern agencies when a defect is noticed. “This is the best way to fight corruption which will involve everyone in the crusade, especially at the community level where projects are sited for development purposes. “We will continue to create awareness to ensure communities are mobilized and right thing are done,”Okezie said. Also, President of Needy Evangelistic Ministry, Ebonyi, an NGO and member of the team, Comrade, Chinenye Ofia said that the project would attract people from all parts of the country to the community. “As a partner, we will make sure correct assessment of projects are done and if people are not prepared in ensuring that government gets value in the execution of public projects for the benefits of the society, we will expose them,” Ofia said. Meanwhile, the Vice Chancellor, Alex-Ekwueme Federal University, Ndufu-Alike, Abakaliki, Prof Chinedum Nwajiuba said that an abandoned project had not been recorded since his assumption of office. “The two projects are for the benefits of both medical students and host community. “I want to assure that, if parameter for standard is the efficient use of resource, FUNAI will come first in the country,” Nwajiuba said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the commission has launched second phase of the exercise, conducted at Ebunwana, Afikpo-South where it tracked projects performance. NAN also reports that the project tracking was done in collaboration with the NIQS, Civil Society Organisations (CSOs), Media among other stakeholders. (NAN) By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin - The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) says it is tracking 250 constituency projects in Kwara. According to a statement issued by the commission’s spokesperson, Rasheedat Okoduwa, the tracking exercise is under the second phase of the constituency and executive projects tracking… June 27, 2020 In "News" By Chidi Opara Owerri - The ICPC has advised communities to take interest and monitor implementation of constituency projects in their domains to ensure transparency. The Chairman of ICPC, Prof. Bolaji Owasanoye, gave the advice in Owerri on Tuesday at a Constituency Project Town Hall Meeting the agency organised in… March 17, 2020 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bello Yauri (Kebbi State) - The Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), Constituency Project Tracking Group (CPTG), on Saturday says it is tracking projects worth N3.5 billion in Kebbi State. The Team Leader, Mr Akibu Garba, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria… June 27, 2020 In "News"