By Yakubu Uba  Maiduguri –  Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has executed 326 capital projects across the state in one year, an official has said.. The Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Usman Jidda, made this known in a statement on Saturday in Maiduguri. Jidda said the administration also implemented 49 policies and programmes. ”Some of the projects executed by the administration under Gov. Babagana Zulum are construction of 6,544 sub-urban and low-cost houses in 12 Local Government Areas of the state for resettlement of the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) and refugees. ”The 133 boreholes, 37 new primary healthcare centres in 17 Local governments, 30 new and rehabilitated roads, and the ongoing construction of the first flyover in Maiduguri,” he said. On security, Jidda said that 300 surveillance vehicles were procured and distributed to security agencies and volunteers in the state. The SSG said that commissioners would conduct sectoral briefings with more details on the projects executed in their respective ministries from June 15. (NAN) Prof. Babagana Zulum , the Borno State Governor, laying the foundation for the construction of 500 houses in Maiduguri, Borno State on Jan. 15, 2020 By Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri - The Borno State Governor, Prof. Babagana Zulum, on Wednesday laid the foundation for the construction of 500 houses in Maiduguri.… January 15, 2020 In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has relieved the state Head of Service (HOS), Mr Mohammed Hassan, of his appointment. Alhaji Usman Shuwa, the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), made the disclosure in a statement on Tuesday in Maiduiguri. Shuwa disclosed that the governor also… November 26, 2019 In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has directed the Shehu of Dikwa, Shehu Masta and that of Bama, Umar Ibn El-Kanemi, to return home following return of peace in their domain. Zulum gave the directive in Maiduguri at a meeting with Local Government Chairmen, officials of… August 1, 2019 In "News"