Scores of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) members in Kwara state on Thursday decamped to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Those that decamped are from Kwara north senatorial district. The aggrieved former APC members recently signified their defection plan, noting that APC has been enmeshed in crisis of attrition shortly after the assumption of office of Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq. Those that were physically present at the event were representatives picked across the five local government areas in the Kwara north, in adherence to COVID-19 safety protocols, the leader of the group, Hon. Manzuma Kawu Dogo said. He claimed that “we are about 10,000 in number across the 58 wards in the district “. Dogo said that they decided to leave the ruling APC because of conflict and crisis among party leaders and members, allegedly caused by non-adherence to the party’s constitution. Pointing out that political crisis was keen among the APC members,Dogo added that the development did not allow growth but decline. He said party members were de-enfranchised, miserable and no longer had sense of belonging due to unfulfilled campaign promises. “Along the line, the centre cannot hold and things fall apart as a result of injustice, lack of fairness, recognition and sense of belonging to the party members,” he added. He said the next local government elections would mark gradual extinction of the ruling APC from the state. “After waiting for a year, we discovered that the truth has prevailed, necessitating our movement as against compromising our principle. It is high time for us to maintain our clear noble principle towards bringing positive changes and betterment to our people. As you can see there is nothing in the PDP to share now to anyone, therefore our decamping from APC to PDP is based on conviction,” Dogo clarified. Welcoming the decampees, the PDP state chairman, Engr Kola Shittu, described the development as unprecedented, assuring the new members that they will enjoy same rights the existing party members enjoy without discrimination. “We’re not surprised with the development due to unfulfilled promises of the present administration in the state. Doors of our party are wide open just as our umbrella is big enough to house every citizen of the state”, he said, adding that the PDP is determined to better their future. Corroborating the decampees claims of alleged non performance by the APC- led government in the state, Shittu said” if our party had won the last gubernatorial election in the state, by now workers in the state would have started enjoying the N30,000 new minimum wage in fulfilment of our agreement with the organised labour in the state. ” “We should take our future in our hands. I’ve directed party leaders across the state to open new register and issue memberships cads to new members so that registration at ward levels is done to ensure that nobody is left behind.” The Nation By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja -   A member of the National Assembly, Sen. Mohammed Ndume, says the defection of President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, from the All Progressives Congress(APC) to the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) is no big deal. Ndume made this known in an interview with the News… August 1, 2018 In "Politics" By Innocent Odoh, James Kwen, & Tony Ailemen The high profile defections that have hit the All Progressives Congress (APC) have altered the balance of power among the country’s two main parties ahead of the 2019 elections. Before the current defections, APC was the dominant party in most parts of… August 2, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja {Sundiata Post} - Leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said it is doing everything to retain Senate Minority Leader and former Governor of Akwa Ibom State, Senator Godswill Akpabio in its fold despite the rumour making rounds that he is set to defect to the… August 6, 2018 In "Top Stories"