Nicole Young, wife of Dr. Dre, American media personality, has filed for divorce after 24 years of marriage. According to TMZ, Young filed the divorce suit on Monday, citing irreconcilable differences as the reason for their separation while also demanding spousal support. The news outlet also reported that the duo do not have a prenup,a written contract entered into by a couple prior to marriage detailing what happens when the union eventually ends by death or divorce. The lovebirds, who tied the knot in 1996, last appeared in public together at the Tom Ford fashion show in February this year. Their union has been blessed with two children ,Truice, their 23-year-old son, and Truly, their 19-year-old daughter. The duo were also said to have been in failed relationships before their marriage. Dre, whose real name is Andre Romelle Young, had four children from his previous relationships. Nicole, on the other hand, was previously married to Sedale Threatt, a retired National Basketball Association (NBA) player. In 2019, Forbes estimated the music mogul’s net worth at $800 million, putting him at number 2 on the year’s list of wealthiest hip-hop artists. He had completed the year on an impressive note, leap-frogging artists like Beyoncé and JAY-Z to top the music earner of the decade list. Source Abuja -  Some residents of Abuja on Monday identified some causes of divorce among couples. In separate interviews, they cited infidelity, lack of commitments, carelessness and undermining the importance of dialogue in dispute resolution, among others, as some of the causes of divorce. They noted that most of the causes… March 14, 2016 In "News" By Sunshine Lichauco de Leon Manila - When Rowena Festin leaves her job as a congressional aide in Quezon City, Metro Manila each day, she returns home to three children and a husband. But her marriage, like many others in the Philippines, exists in name only. "My husband wants another… October 6, 2014 In "News" By Aisha Gambo   Kaduna -  A Sharia Court in Magajin Gari, Kaduna, on Thursday ordered a divorce seeking housewife, Binta Sani, to pay N20, 000 to her estranged husband, Adamu Abdullahi, to free herself from their 19-year-old marriage. The Judge, Dahiru Lawal in his ruling said that since the… July 19, 2018 In "Metro"