The seemingly intractable crisis rocking the All Progressive Congress in Ekiti state took a fresh twist on Monday as the party’s former governorship aspirant Dr. Oluwole Oluyede escaped suspension over alleged anti-party activities. Oluyede, who contested with Governor Kayode Fayemi during the 2018 governorship primaries alongside Senator Babafemi Ojudu, Senator Adedayo Adeyeye and 13 other, had on Sunday raised the alarm that APC could lose the state to the opposition with Fayemi’s alleged impunity and poor performance. An impeccable source within the party said the Omotosho-led State Working Committee of the party were instructed by Governor Fayemi to ensure those opposing him within the party are being axed with suspension. Rather than carrying out the alleged directives, leaders and executive members of Ugele/Arokun ward in Ikere-Ekiti, Ikere local government area of Ekiti state unanimously passed a vote of confidence on him. This development is coming few days afterward executives in ward 8 Ado-Ekiti Council Area of Ekiti State defied the APC State Working Committee to initiate the suspension process on Ojodu over alleged anti-party activities. The party leaders, after its emergency meeting said that the trained physician had done nothing wrong to warrant any form of punishment from the party, adding that his moral and financial support to the party was immeasurable. In a statement signed by the ward chairman, Mr. Ogunleye Ojo alongside other 18 executives, the party leaders said that they would not be intimidated or induced in carrying out actions that would spell doom for the party. The ward executives said Oluyede has not engage in any anti-party activities rather being supportive to the growth of the party, describing as one who has been forthright and consistently lead by example. “We, the executive members of Ugele/ Arokun ward executives have jointly moved a motion and hereby pass a vote of confidence on him for his outstanding role in the party both at the local, state and National level.” “The man in question (Dr. Oluwole) has contributed immensely either morally or financially to the lives of many of APC members at all levels and at both ward, local, state and national at large. “Dr. Oluwole has not for once engaged in any anti-party activities or commits any unpardonable offence that warrants suspension” The Nation The crisis rocking the All Progressive Congress in Ekiti State took a new twist on Wednesday as alleged synchronized plot to suspend the Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari on Political Matters, Senator Babafemi Ojudu back fired. The party leaders and ward executives in ward 8; Ado-Ekiti local Government Area… June 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Chief Segun Oni, the immediate past Deputy National Chairman (South) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Segun Oni, has been suspended indefinitely from the party. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Oni, who was also a forner governor of Ekiti,  was… May 1, 2019 In "Politics" The stage is set for the July 14, 2018 Ekiti state governors­hip election. I call the contest the ultimate deal. It is a deal between the people of Ekiti and those who seek to govern them. The ca­ndidate that receives the endorsement of the people at the poll clinches the… June 2, 2018 In "Opinion"