Owner of popular chain Chuks Supermarket in Lokoja, Kogi State, Nicholas Ofodile and two others were on Wednesday reportedly killed by suspected kidnappers, along the Lokoja-Abuja highway. Many others were reportedly kidnapped by the yet-to-be identified gunmen. Ofodile reportedly ran into the armed gang operating along the Gegu/Koton-Karfe axis of the now notorious federal highway. Gegu is in Kogi Local Government Area, Kogi State. It was gathered that a gun duel ensued between the hoodlums and men of the Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) between 12 noon and 1pm when the businessman ran into them and was caught up in the crossfire. An unconfirmed source said that the suspected bandits, who were operating freely on the highway, whisked away a number of passengers plying the road to an unknown destination. The incident is coming barely one week after eight police operatives, including the Divisional Police Officer, a lady police officer and two civilians were killed in Isanlu by suspected armed robbers. The Kogi State Commands Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, William Aya, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, DSP, confirmed the incident. He said: “I just got a call that the owner of Chucks Supermarket has been killed alongside one other person. The command is yet to get details of what happened.” The Nation By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The House of Representatives on Wednesday urged the Federal Government to establish a Joint Security Task Force to address kidnapping and other forms of criminality along the Lokoja-Abuja highway. The call followed a unanimous adoption of a motion by Rep. Shaba Ibrahim (APC-Kogi) at plenary.… March 4, 2020 In "Politics" Apparently concerned about the recent kidnap cases in Kogi State that involved high profile individuals the Inspector General of Police, Solomon Arase, has deployed 350 Police Officers to Kogi State to assist the State Police Command to combat crimes and criminalities in the state. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] Recall that unknown gunmen… June 7, 2015 In "News" By Kazeem Akande Lagos - Gunmen have attacked some Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) officials travelling from Abuja to Lagos at Oshawa along the Lokoja-Okene highway at about 1:50 pm on Friday. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the bandits killed the driver and left the other staff in… November 30, 2019 In "News"