Billionaire husband of actress Regina Daniel, Ned Nwoko has promised to be beside Regina Daniels when she goes into labour in the coming weeks. According to the billionaire in a live interview via social media, all his children where born in London and he was in the labour room to witness their birth. He continued that for Regina, if need be and he has time he would love to be by her side when she goes into labour. Ned Nwoko went on to say that he doesn’t know if Regina would give birth in Nigeria or a different country. On the part of Regina who was also in the interview, she has plans to launch her own television show pretty soon and that he fans should be bracing themselves for something spectacular. Regina got married to 62-year-old Ned Nwoko, a Nigerian prince, politician and businessman last year. According to earlier reports, the biological father of the actress wasn’t pleased with the decision of his daughter to get married to an older man. The report revealed that her mother was the one who pushed her to break up with her young boyfriend to marry the billionaire (Ghpage) Senator-elect for Delta North Senatorial District, Prince Ned Nwoko married all of his six wives as virgins, Regina Daniels being the newest of his wives, Frontline News Online has been told. According to sources close to the former member of the House of Representatives, he places chastity high on his… May 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" Young Nollywood star, Regina Daniels, is enjoying all the glitz associated with befriending billionaire businessman and politician Ned Nwoko. The last few days saw Regina making numerous public appearances with Nwoko. The secret marriage of the love birds is no longer looking like one of the tales from Nollywood, writes Ferdinand… June 5, 2019 In "Metro" Dubai - Ned Nwoko and Regina Daniels had a chat with OAP, Daddy Freeze in Dubai where they spoke about their marriage. In the interview, 58-year-old Nwoko dismissed claims that he met Regina through her mother, Rita. According to him, he met Regina, they fell in love and within three… October 15, 2019 In "Entertainment"