The Presidency has described recent interpretations following the dissolution of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), as misleading. In a statement on Saturday, the Presidency said the narrative projecting a face-off between President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, were untrue, describing it as ‘political vulturism’. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, said contrary to the impression some media analysts had given to the new twists in the APC and the relationship between the President and Asiwaju Tinubu, the intent of the move and the state of the connects between the two leaders were still very much intact. Speaking about the state of affairs between President Buhari and Asiwaju Tinubu, the statement said: “They are in touch with one another. Their relationship remains as strong as ever and between the two of them, only they know how they manage their enviable relationship”. The statement explained that President Buhari advised the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) to dissolve the NWC and start on a fresh page with a positive intention of saving the party from an imminent collapse. “The very essence of the requests put to the Emergency National Executive Committee meeting of the All Progressives Congress (APC) by President Muhammadu Buhari, which were unanimously approved aim to pull back the party, faced with an existential crisis from the brink of collapse, follow the constitution and take everyone along. “While this action has been widely accepted with great relief by lovers of democracy and the rank and file of the membership, we are concerned that political vulturism masquerading as ‘smart analysis’ is selling the commentary that this is a Buhari-Tinubu ‘showdown’. Nothing can be farther from the truth. “To put the records straight: In the formation of this great party and giving it leadership, President Buhari and Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who are reckoned as the founding fathers of the APC are both inspired by democratic norms, national interest and not at all by partisan motivations. These are the qualities that have made them move past cynical distractions. “Try as hard as they could, the opposition parties have used all their intellectuals and their supporters in the media to break this relationship and have failed. And they won’t. “For President Buhari who has received much of the cynical commentary, Nigerians know him as someone who will not do anything with bad intentions. Neither will he do anything out of partisan motivations or for himself. “This whole exercise, that should lead to massive reform and overhaul of the leadership of the party, as he said in that brilliant speech, was ‘to save the APC from the imminent self-destruction. We have to move ahead. We have to take everyone with us and ensure that the party is run in accordance with democratic norms and with consensus. We have to work for the benefit of the country. “The leaders of the party, who have received two successive massive mandates to govern the country and a majority of the states should be judged by how this exercise turns out in achieving these objectives, not cursed at the mere commencement of the process”, the statement said. The Nation By Max Amuchie ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Dr. Kayode Fayemi, Minister of Solid Minerals, has dissociated himself from a news report (not on Sundiata Post) linking him to disparaging remarks against Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). A statement issued late Sunday night… November 20, 2016 In "Top Stories" • Says, I Won’t Criticise Buhari If He Was Raising Cattle In Daura My Father’s Autopsy Inconclusive – Hafsat Abiola-Costello ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The chairman of the Reformed All Progressives Congress (R-APC), Buba Galadima, has said the cosy relationship between President Muhammadu Buhari and the national leader of the… July 29, 2018 In "Top Stories" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, as he clocks 64 years on March 29. This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Monday by the president’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi… March 28, 2016 In "News"