By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja  – The new Caretaker Committee Chairman of APC, Mai Mala Buni, has pledged to do justice to every party member and ensure the ensure the current challenges were amicably resolved. Buni, also the Governor of Yobe, made the pledge on Thursday while speaking with newsmen in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) had on Thursday dissolved the party’s National Working Committee (NWC). It set up Gov. Buni-led Caretaker Committee to organise a National Convention that would reset the party. The decision was taken at an emergency meeting of the party’s NEC held at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Other members of the caretaker committee and extra-ordinary convention planning committee, include: Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun (South-West), Sen. Ken Nnamani (South-East), Stella Okorete (Women Representative). Other members are: Gov. Sani Bello of Niger (North-Central), Dr James Lalu for the physically challenged, Sen. Abubakar Yusuf (Senate Representative) and Rep. Akinyemi Olaide, representing House of Representatives. David Lyon (South/South); Abba Ari (North-West); Prof. Tahir Mamman (North-East); Ismail Ahmed (Youth Leader) and Sen. Akpan Udoedehe as the Committee Secretary. Buni, also a former APC National Secretary, described the committee as a capable team to deliver the job. “After being two-time national Secretary of the party, I can say, I know the party very well. “I want to assure every APC member that we will do justice to every one, because we have a capable team. “I am a team player and am here to manage a crisis, and if you do not manage crisis, crisis will manage you. “So, without justice, there will be no peace; so, am ready to do justice to every APC member,” the chairman said. According to him, NEC is the highest organ of the party, except the convention, and NEC can function for convention in-between, so any decision taken by NEC is the final decision. “NEC has directed that every member in court should withdraw his suit. “Party will carry all members along, especially the leaders of the APC. “Many of them have paid their dues to the party, so we will carry them along,” Buni said. In a related development, the APC State Chairmen Forum has lauded the party NEC for dissolving the NWC, saying that NEC resolution would go a long way in ending the crisis rocking the party. Its Publicity Secretary, Alhaji Lawal Liman, also lauded the NEC decision, directing party members that instituted court cases against one another to withdraw the suits. (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" The Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Governor Mai-Mala Buni of Yobe State, has said he will not allow crises to fester in the party. The governor was responding to a question on how he intends to carry aggrieved party members along at the… June 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari has advised members of the governing party, All Progressives Congress (APC), to withdraw all pending litigations against one another, and settle for internal conciliation. The president, who gave the advice at an emergency virtual meeting of the party’s National Working Committee (NEC), in Abuja on Thursday warned… June 25, 2020 In "Politics"