Gunmen suspected to be sea pirates have hijacked a passenger boat along the waterways of Namasibi, New Calabar Rivers, Degema Local Government Area, Rivers State. The boat was reportedly sailing from Port Harcourt to Ke Clan in Degema when the gunmen attacked it at about 4pm on Wednesday. The bandits were said to have compelled the passengers to jump into the river and later abducted some persons, who lacked swimming skills. A source, who spoke in confidence said the whereabouts of most passengers of the ill-fated boat remained unknown. He said: “Gunmen suspected to be sea pirates hijacked a passenger boat traveling from Port Harcourt to Ke Town in Degema Local Government Area of Rivers State. “The whereabouts of the occupants of that boat are not known. The driver of the boat and some others, who could swim escaped. A nursing mother and some others, who could not swim were taken away by the hoodlums”. Relieving his ordeal, the driver of the hijacked boat, Tamunoiminabo Aginah, said he escaped the pursuit of the sea pirates while heading for Port Harcourt but was not fortunate on his way back. He said: “In the morning when we were driving to Port Harcourt, the sea pirates chased us, but they couldn’t get to us. “On Our way back to Ke from Port Harcourt as we approached Namasibi, New Calabar River, the sea pirates appeared in full speed and a superior engine boat and we couldn’t escape them. “They ordered us to jump into the river. Those that could swim did as they commanded while they drove away with those that didn’t jump into the river to unknown destination together with our boat.” He said that those, who jumped into the river were rescued by fishermen and local divers. When contacted, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr. Nnamdi Omoni, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, said he had yet to get official report of the incident. The Nation Yenagoa - Unidentified gunmen suspected to be sea pirates on Wednesday, attacked two passenger boats and kidnapped three persons along the Ogbia to Brass waterways in Bayelsa. Asinim Butswat, Police Spokesman for Bayelsa Command, confirmed the development on Thursday but said that details were still sketchy, "I am waiting for… August 27, 2015 In "News" Gunmen have abducted an uncle of former Governor of Bayelsa State, Timipre Sylva, Benson Adigio-Eseni, 86. The abduction of the octogenarian has further heightened the challenges of insecurity in the state. It was learnt that Adigio-Eseni was abducted at around 2am on Sunday from his residence in Okpoama in Brass… July 28, 2014 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Some unidentified gunmen on Tuesday hijacked 18-seater commercial bus loaded with passengers in Port Harcourt, Rivers State capital. It was gathered that the incident occurred about 7 am on Evekwu area along the East-West Road in Emohua Local Government Area of the state. The bus, it… December 11, 2018 In "News"