Cynthia Obieshi, a female undergraduate of the Federal Polytechnic, Nekede, Owerri, Imo State, who died after a sex romp with her boyfriend, Samuel Osuji, was on Thursday buried. The 25-year-old was buried at her father’s compound in the Umuaro community in the Isiala Mbano Local Government Area of the state amidst tears. It was reported that the two undergraduates were on Sunday morning found dead in a hostel room after they had indulged in a sex romp. The police spokesperson in the state, Orlando Okeokwu, had told our correspondent that the corpses of the deceased were deposited at the morgue. He had said, “On June 14, 2020, acting on a report received at the Police station, operatives of the Divisional Police headquarters, Nekede/Ihiagwa Division moved to room 19 Vic-Mic lodge situated around JMJ Bus stop, broke into the room and found the lifeless bodies of one Cynthia Obieshi and one Samuel Osuji. “It was revealed that the said Cynthia visited her boyfriend late Samuel on June 13 and passed the night but unfortunately both of them couldn’t wake up the next morning. “Preliminary investigations suggest that the above-diseased persons may have died as a result of drug consumption. “Meanwhile, the corpses have been deposited in the morgue, while investigation is in progress.” Source Two undergraduates of the Federal Polytechnic, Nekede, Owerri, Imo State, have reportedly died during a sex romp. The students, who died on Sunday, were identified as Cynthia Obieshi and Samuel Osuji. The police spokesperson in the state, Orlando Okeokwu, said the corpses of the deceased had been deposited in the… June 15, 2020 In "News" The body of a police DSP, Francis Onugha was found lifeless at the Police Barrack in Akwanga. Divisional Crimes Officer (DCO) 1 attached to Akwanga Division of the Nigeria Police Force, Nasarawa State command, DSP Francis Onugha (aka Dangote), has died under mysterious circumstances. Francis Onugha was found dead and… June 9, 2020 In "Metro" A married woman who had a romp with her secret lover has lost her life after he beheaded her.  The man has been arrested Police operatives in Ogun State have arrested a man, who allegedly beheaded a married woman believed to be his lover after he had engaged her in a… July 21, 2019 In "Metro"