The Federal Government, on Tuesday, directed the police to immediately produce the perpetrators of the gang-rape and murder of a female student of the University of Benin, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa in Benin, Edo State. FG also asked for answers concerning the sexual abuse of a minor in Jigawa State by 14 men. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, made the disclosure in a statement signed by his Media Aide, Segun Adeyemi. Mohammed said the investigation is aimed at bringing the perpetrators to justice. Mohammed said that by bringing the perpetrators of the heinous crimes to justice, the Federal Government will be serving a strong notice of its total aversion to gender-based violence in whatever form. The Minister described the gang-rape and murder of Miss Omozuwa in Edo State as a cruel and barbaric act that offends human sensibility, in addition to being antithetical to decency, saying no society willtolerate such depravity. He also said the serial sexual abuse of a minor by 14 men in Jigawa State is not only repulsive but highly condemnable. ”It is said that the true measure of a society can be found in how it treats its most vulnerable members,” Alhaji Mohammed said. He assured that Federal Government will do everything possible to stem the growing tide of gender-based violence in the country. Source The Senate on Tuesday asked the relevant authorities to ensure stiffer punishments for rapists in the country. The red chamber took the decision following a motion on the increased cases of rape in Nigeria by Senator Sandy Onu. Onu had drawn the attention of his colleagues to the recent rape… June 2, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered the Nigeria Police Force to ‘speedily investigate’ the killing of a 100-level student of the University of Benin, Uwaila Omozuwa. Omozuwa was r*ped and murdered by hoodlums when she went to read at the RCCG, Miracle Sanctuary Mega Parish, Edo Province 10, in Benin City… June 3, 2020 In "Politics" OmozuwaPresident Muhamamdu Buhari has finally reacted to the rape and murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, the 100-level microbiology student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN) by unknown assailants. Coming against the backdrop of an order by the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu that the investigations into the case be… June 2, 2020 In "News"