By Joshua Oladipo  Osogbo  –  Gov. Adeboyega Oyetola of Osun on Friday presented 13 Toyota Jeeps to the State High Court Judges as part of efforts to enhance the welfare of judicial officers in the state. The governor, while inaugurating the vehicles at Government House, Osogbo, promised to ensure vibrant and smooth judicial activities in the State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) reports that the keys of the Toyota Jeeps were handed over to the judges. Oyetola said: “The state government would continue to play its roles with the judiciary in ensuring that their activities are carried out smoothly. “We will go round the courts to rehabilitate and rebuild some of the dilapidated buildings. “The 13 brand new Toyota Jeeps are for our judges purposely for the progress of judicial activities in Osun.” In his remarks, the Chief Judge of Osun, Justice Adepele Ojo, commended the governor for fulfilling his promises to the judiciary with the believe that such gesture would continue. She, therefore, said that the vehicles would be used for judicial activities in the State. Justice A.B. Abdulkareem, who delivered the vote of thanks on behalf of the beneficiaries, commended the governor for fulfilling his promises. (NAN ) By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun on Tuesday, sworn in Justice Foluke Awolalu as the new President of Osun State Customary Court of Appeal. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Awolalu was appointed following the death of the former President of the court, Justice… January 21, 2020 In "News" By Ugonne Uzoma Owerri - Gov Emeka Ihedioha of Imo on Friday inaugurated nine new judges in the state with the resolve of his administration to uphold independence of the judiciary and Rule of Law. According to a press release issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Chibuike Onyeukwu, seven… January 3, 2020 In "News" By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo Ilorin - Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has sworn in five new judges for the Kwara State High Court, urging them to adhere strictly to their oath of office to be fair. AbdulRazaq stated this on Wednesday in Ilorin at the swearing in attended only by top… May 13, 2020 In "Politics"