By Yemi Adeleye  Lagos  –  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) RS 2 Command, Lagos on Friday organised a media launch and public presentation of the FRSC COVID-19 Public Enlightenment Kiosks and Flyers in Ogun and Lagos States. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that kiosks and flyers were launched by FRSC in partnership with Neimeth International Pharmaceuticals Plc in Lagos. Mr Samuel Obayemi, the Zonal Commanding Officer of FRSC in charge of both states, said that the campaign was part of efforts to contain further spread of the pandemic. Obayemi, who was represented by the Lagos State Sector Commander of FRSC, Mr Olusegun Ogungbemide, said that the global health crisis required partnership and participation of all, saying government alone could not tackle the pandemic. According to him, the rising cases of the virus in the country necessitated the corps’ partnership with Neimeth to bring the global health challenge under control through public transportation. Obayemi said: “When it comes to the issue of health crisis, institutions, non governmental organisations and other critical stakeholders must come together and join hands with the government. ” FRSC does not joke with the pandemic, we see it as a battle to win. We are always available to project this enlightenment campaign targeted at curbing the spread of this deadly virus.. “We are excited to be with you (Neimeth) to drive this project. The foot soldiers are here. I welcome this collaboration. Our men will put their strength to drive this motif and Nigerian citizens will be better for it.” According to him, when the pandemic broke out, FRSC was one of the first paramilitary organisations to combine the mandate of road safety with public enlightenment against its spread with the provision of flyers. He added: “The FRSC’s collaboration with NGOs in Nigeria have been a very robustl one and it is what is being exhibited today with the provision of several kiosks and flyers to combat spread of COVID-19. ” FRSC, as an establishment, has been at the fore-front of fighting this COVID-19 pandemic in line with the Federal Government’s directive. “The Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, was among the few heads of establishments that directed that handbills should be produced to sensitise members of the public on the need for them to be more careful this season. ” In the area of keeping physical distancing, we have been mandated to arrest drivers who go against the directive of the Federal Government which we have been doing with all the energy required.” Obayemi said that the kiosks and flyers would provide another avenue to reach the motoring public at motor parks and on roads on the danger of the pandemic and the need to adhere strictly to the prevention protocols. Mr Matthew Azoji, the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of the Neimeth Int’l Pharmaceuticals PLC, commended the FRSC for the initiative of providing COVID-19 Enlightenment Kiosks and Flyers. “This partnership is historical as the FRSC Zone 2 Lagos is the first Federal Government established organisation we are partnering with on COVID-19. “The FRSC Zone 2 Lagos COVID-19 Enlightenment kiosks is a worthy campaign as it seeks to improve the quality of life of our citizens in this era of COVID-19 pandemic as we are all witnessing. “We are proud of FRSC Zone, Lagos and we are tremendously excited to be in partnership with you in a worthy cause such as this,” Azoji, who was represented by the firm’s Executive Director, of Sales and Marketing, Mr Roseline Oputa, said. The managing director urged Nigerians to observe strictly the COVID-19 prevention guidelines as stipulated by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), especially the use of antiseptic or disinfectant. According to him, considering the over-crowded nature of the society, enlightenment, personal hygiene, the use of face masks, antiseptic and regular hand washing would go a long way to prevent further spread of the virus. Azoji described partnering with FRSC as a worthy humanitarian cause, saying that the firm was looking forward for many more partnerships that revolve around the healthcare of Nigerians. (NAN) By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), RS2 Command, Lagos, says it has recorded nine road crashes with one fatality in Ogun and Lagos States during the lockdown occasioned by Covid-19 pandemic. Mr Samuel Obayemi, the FRSC Zonal Commanding Officer in charge of the two states,… April 17, 2020 In "News" By Kazeem Akande Lagos - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) says it has trained its personnel on how to improve public enlightenment on road safety. The FRSC Zonal Commanding Officer, Mr Samuel Obayemi, made this known on Thursday in Lagos at a workshop with the theme: “Improved Corps Visibility… March 29, 2019 In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), says it has turned back 437 vehicles from Ogun and Lagos States’ boundaries within two days while enforcing the Federal Government ban on interstate movements. Mr Samuel Obayemi, FRSC Zonal Commanding Officer in charge of the two states, made this… May 7, 2020 In "News"