London  –  British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is on Tuesday expected to announce further easing of coronavirus lockdown measures in England, allowing pubs and restaurants to reopen from July 4. British media reported ahead of Johnson’s statement to parliament that the move would also allow cinemas and museums to reopen, and the 2-metre distancing rule will be revised. Johnson took part in a meeting on Monday with the government’s COVID-19 strategy committee, where the changes were discussed. “But the more we open up, the more important it is that everyone follows the social distancing guidelines. “We will not hesitate to reverse these steps if it is necessary to stop the virus running out of control,” a Downing Street source was quoted as telling Sky News. On Monday, Health Secretary Matt Hancock said the virus was “in retreat.” The health ministry added that Britain recorded its lowest daily coronavirus-related death toll since mid-March, with only 15 deaths recorded in the past 24 hours. It was the first time in months that the country had recorded fewer than 1,000 daily new infections. Britain has been the European country hardest hit by the pandemic, with over 42,600 related deaths. (dpa/NAN) The UK government has announced June 15 for the re-opening of all non-essential retail stores as part of plans to further ease the lockdown measures. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday night disclosed this at the daily Downing Street press conference. He said some easing of retail will begin… May 26, 2020 In "Foreign" •Britain’s Prime Minister Boris Johnson walks out of 10 Downing Street to give a statement in central London on April 27, 2020, after returning to work following more than three weeks off after being hospitalised with the COVID-19 illness. /AFP LONDON - Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday made his… April 27, 2020 In "Foreign" •Boris Johnson British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Wednesday the country will have 25,000 virus tracing staff recruited by June so the country can “make progress” in its strategy to keep easing the nationwide lockdown. The government is under pressure to get the recruits in place to operate alongside a… May 20, 2020 In "Foreign"