By Peter Amine  Jos  –   A bill for a law to provide funds and regulate approved faith-based health institutions in Plateau and other matters connected 2020 has passed second reading at the State House  of Assembly on Thursday. The House presided over by its Speaker, Mr Abok Ayuba, said that cooperative partnerships between health care and faith-based organisations was a  revolutionary concept. Mr  Nanbol Daniel, who presented the bill on behalf of co-sponsors, said that the faith-based organisations were trusted entities within many communities. He said that the faith-based organisations provided good services and had served as powerful vehicles for social, economic and political change. “In the same vein, health care organisations that are community-based deliver high-quality, patient-sensitive medical care along with a host of other enabling services to diverse needy populations. “This is to ensure health systems in Plateau are strengthened and geared toward achieving health-related Sustainable Development Goals (SDGS).“It is pertinent to have a framework that will enable government partner very well with faith-based health institutions. “This will give them capacity to provide quality services to our constituents in very hard-to-reach areas. “The bill will also enable government to register and regulate these faith-based health institutions to complement government health services in the state.“This is necessary in view of  the challenges quality of health care has been facing on the Plateau,” Daniel said. Daniel, who is the House Committee Chairman on Health, added that the institutions would be well coordinated through the bill and would provide Government with health data to support policy development. He said that it would also promote health education in the various communities the institutions were located and support government during disease outbreaks just the way they had been doing during the COVID-19 pandemic. The lawmaker stressed that government would also allocate a particular percentage of fund in this partnership business to support these faith-based health institutions.According to him,  such has been the practice in the past, and is practiced in other countries like the U.S. and other states in Nigeria like Benue. He called on his colleagues to support the bill as it would strengthen the health system in the state. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the bill  was sponsored by Nanbol Daniel,  Abok Ayuba, Saleh Yipmong, Baba Hassan,  Peter Gyendeng, Musa  Avia, Bala Fwangje, Gwottson D. Fom, Timothy Dantong and Naanlong G. Daniel (NAN) By Martha Agas   Jos   -     Federation of Muslim Women Association of Nigeria (FOMWAN) on Monday says it is poised to partner Plateau Government to curb Gender-Based Violence (GBV) in the state. The Leader of the group in Plateau, Mrs Muhiba Abdulrahaman, said this when a delegation from Ministry of… June 4, 2018 In "News" Abeokuta  -  The Ogun House of Assembly on Monday reiterated its commitment to initiate relevant legislative bills that would lead to sustained collaboration between government and relevant stakeholders to promote healthy society. The Speaker of the House, Mr Suraj Adekunbi, gave the assurance when he received a delegation of the… April 11, 2016 In "Health" By Martha Agas Jos - Plateau State Government says it will pass a bill for a Law to establish the state Internal Revenue Service, which is a unified revenue structure for revenue collection and remittal. The commissioner of information, Mr Dan Manjang disclosed this in Jos at the end of… March 5, 2020 In "Politics"