By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja –   The Chief Judge of the Federal Capital Territory, Justice Ishaq Bello, on Thursday, inaugurated the newly elected executive members of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) Abuja branch. The nine-member executive of the NBA also known as `Unity Bar’ are Mrs Hauwa Shakarau, Chairman, Chioma Uko, Vice Chairman, Adebisi Adetosoye, Secretary, Chinelo Ofoegbunam, Assistant Secretary and Adedeji Emmanuel, Treasurer. Others are Ikenefuna Onyeka, Publicity Secretary, Ngozi Agubalu, Welfare Secretary, Jude Ugwuanyi, Legal Adviser and Princess Frank-Chukwuani, NEC Representative. Inaugurating the new executive, Bello urged them to put in their best practices toward meeting the expectations of Nigerians in justice delivery. He also tasked them to work assiduously to ensure that enduring peace was sustained in the branch. “We will be able to demonstrate to the public our committed desire to ensure that justice is done in the proper way it is required. “The time has come that we will see the light at the end of the tunnel over the rift that has endured over the years. “The gap within the association is now coming to a close up as the cracking will now be cemented,’’ Bello said. Delivering her acceptance speech, the Chairman of the Unity Bar, Mrs Hauwa Shakarau, solicited the support of all members of the association to succeed. She assured that the leadership would operate an open door policy. “It is our tenure, it is our bar we must make it work, your constructive criticisms and suggestions are welcome. “Abuja prides itself as the Unity Bar, We will ensure that unity and peace of the bar is achieved and maintained,’’ Shakarau said. She also promised that the commitment of the new executive to restore the glory of the bar would be anchored on her 10-point campaign agenda. “I ran a campaign on a 10-point agenda which is centred around restoring the glory of the bar, capacity building for lawyers, welfare of young lawyers and mentorship for young lawyers in particular. “Continuous legal education, strengthening the internal dispute resolution mechanism of the bar and a host of others,’’ she said. The new executive has a two year tenure. (NAN) The Chief Judge of Lagos State, Justice Olufunmilayo Atilade has assured the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Lagos Branch of her full support in hosting a successful Law Week for its members. The annual high-profile event is scheduled for 24th to 26th June, 2015 at the MUSON Centre and City Hall, Lagos.… May 26, 2015 In "News" By Aderogba George   Abuja -   The Chief Judge (CJ) of the FCT High Court, Justice Ishaq Bello on Wednesday inaugurated the Nyanya Judicial Division of the court and warned lawyers against engaging in sharp practices. Justice Bello said that the new court located in Nyanya, a satellite town… September 19, 2018 In "News" Warri (Delta)  -   The Chief Judge of Delta, Mr Marshal Umukoro, has urged legal practitioners to uphold the ethics of the profession. Umokoro made the call on Thursday during the inauguration of the Effurun branch of the Nigerian Bar Association in Uvwie Local Government Area of Delta. He also… April 29, 2016 In "News"