The Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressive Congress, Victor Giadom, on Wednesday, nullified the disqualification of Governor Godwin Obaseki from participating in the party’s governorship election in Edo State. Gaidom said this at a media briefing at the party’s National Secretariat, where he also announced himself as the new Acting National Chairman of the party. He said the reports of the APC’s screening and appeal committees were nullified because “Oshiomhole acted as a judge in his own case.” He said his action was sequel to a meeting held with other members of the National Working Committee after Tuesday’s Appeal Court ruling affirming the suspension of the substantive National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. He said, “Yesterday the Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja, in a unanimous judgement, affirmed the suspension of comrade Adams Oshiomhole as National Chairman of All Progressives Congress. “Consequently, I bring to your notice that on the 16th of March 2020, Hon Justice S.U Bature in suit no FCT/HC/M/6447/2020 had ordered that, with the earlier suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, I, Chief Hon. Victor Giadom should act as the National Chairman of our great party. “That Order could not be immediately effected at the time because of the temporary reprieve Adams Oshiomhole got from the Court of Appeal on the same date.” He further said, “As your Acting National Chairman and presiding officer in the NWC, we, therefore, cancel the decision of the Screening and Appeal Committees of the former Chairman of the party on the Edo primary.” Giadom’s announcement is coming a few hours after the National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mallam Lanre Issa-Onilu, issued a statement announcing the Deputy National Chairman (South), Senator Abiola Ajimobi as Acting National Chairman. Source The Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressive Congress, Victor Giadom on Wednesday, announced himself as the new Acting National Chairman of the party. He said this at a media briefing at the party’s National Secretariat. He said his action was sequel to a meeting held with other members of… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" •Chief Victor Giadom ABUJA - The crisis rocking the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) worsened this morning of Wednesday when the party’s Deputy National Secretary, Chief Victor Giadom, took over as the party’s Acting National Chairman. He promptly annulled the results of the recent Edo State governorship screening exercise that… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" •Adams Oshiomhole ABUJA - The Court of Appeal in Abuja has upheld the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC). A three-member panel of justices led by the President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Monica Dongban-Mensem held that Oshiomhole’s appeal challenging his… June 16, 2020 In "News"