Donald Trump has authorised the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalises statues and has warned that any culprit who commits the act faces up to 10 years in prison, amid Black Lives Matter protests in the US. The US President made the announcement in a tweet on Tuesday, June 23. He said action will be taken effective immediately, and also threatened that the order could be used ‘retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused.’ He wrote: ‘I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent. ‘This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!’ The announcement follows weeks of anti-racism demonstrations over the death of George Floyd and other African Americans in the hands of white police officers, with activists calling for the removal of memorials to the country’s colonialist past. Source The shocking shooting deaths of five Dallas police officers have magnified the challenge that Hillary Clinton faces as she tries to reassure both voters jittery about social unrest and activists angry about law-enforcement abuses that she is on their side. For Clinton, the likely Democratic presidential nominee, the political concerns… July 11, 2016 In "Politics" By Louis Odion This must be a depressing hour indeed for the man who “fashioned the drama of existence” and first black Nobel prizewinner in Literature, Professor Wole Soyinka. A comment uttered in what could only be a protest against the willful trampling on the dignity of the African immigrants… November 17, 2016 In "Opinion" New York - President Donald Trump on Friday lobbed barbs at protesters who kneel during the national anthem, after NFL quarterback Drew Brees apologised for remarks he made about the practice. Brees said this week he would “never agree with anybody disrespecting the flag,” referring to the possibility of players… June 6, 2020 In "News"