By Deji Abdulwahab  Abuja  –  The National Secretariat of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abuja, was on Tuesday sealed off by the police to forestall breakdown of law and order following leadership crisis rocking the party. The Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, Police Public Relations Officer (FPRO), DSP. Anjuguri Manzah, confirmed the development to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). Manzah said that the step was taken to forestall possible breakdown of law and order. NAN Correspondent gathered that IGP Mohammed Adamu had ordered the police command in the FCT to seal off the party secretariat. Before the secretariat was shut, some police officers were seen directing workers and newsmen out of the at the party secretariat, while the APC acting National Secretary, Malam Waziri Bulama, drove into the premises. Bulama was sighted speaking with the leader of the police team, before he later drove out of the party secretariat. However, some party chieftains later gathered outside the secretariat, discussing the development, while food vendors went on with their activities and businesses. (NAN) All Progressives Congress (APC) governors have been visiting the Presidential Villa to solicit President Muhammadu Buhari’s support either for or against party’s National Chairman Adams Oshiomhole. The party on Wednesday sank into leadership crisis after a Federal Capital Territory (FCT) High Court barred Oshiomhole from acting as the national chairman… March 9, 2020 In "News" According to a report by Daily Trust, some of the personal staff of embattled chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomohle have been denied entry into the party secretariat by the security operatives drafted to the party office. The staff who drove in a black Toyota Jeep… March 6, 2020 In "Politics" Aftermath of the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomole, the national chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday by an Abuja High Court, Abuja, a detachment of armed Policemen took over the National Secretariat of the party. The Police detachment which came in two batches from the FCT Command and… March 4, 2020 In "News"