Fans celebrate Liverpool winning the Premier League title outside Anfield stadium in Liverpool, north west England on June 26, 2020, following Chelsea’s 2-1 victory over Manchester City. – Liverpool were crowned Premier League champions without kicking a ball on Thursday as Chelsea’s 2-1 win over Manchester City ended the Reds’ 30-year wait to win the English title. Jurgen Klopp’s men sealed a 19th league title for the club with a record seven games left to play after City’s defeat left them 23 points adrift of Liverpool at the top. (Photo by Oli SCARFF / AFP) Merseyside Police made 10 arrests for public order offences on Thursday night as Liverpool supporters celebrated their club’s first Premier League title. Thousands of Liverpool fans spent the night celebrating outside Anfield and in the city centre after they were crowned champions of England for the first time in 30 years, Skysports reports. Supporters gathered outside the stadium after Manchester City’s 2-1 defeat against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Thursday confirmed Jurgen Klopp’s side as league champions, with seven games to spare. Huge crowds of fans sang songs and let off flares outside Anfield, prompting warnings from police concerned about mass gatherings ignoring social distancing measures. Merseyside Police closed roads around Anfield at 11pm and advised motorists to avoid the area. Assistant Chief Constable Rob Carden credited fans who had remained at home to celebrate, and urged those who ignored social distancing regulations to “do the right thing” in the coming days, with Merseyside having been disproportionately affected by the coronavirus pandemic. “I would like to congratulate Liverpool FC on deservedly winning the Premier League title, and thank the thousands of Liverpool fans across Merseyside who celebrated at home, as they have for the previous games played behind closed doors,” the assistant chief constable said. “The overwhelming majority of fans have recognised the fact that now is not the time to gather together to celebrate, and chose to mark the event safely. They are a credit to this city. (Punch) London - Thirty years of hurt came to an end for Liverpool when they were confirmed as Premier League champions on Thursday, courtesy of second-placed Manchester City’s 2-1 defeat by Chelsea. The result at Stamford Bridge means Liverpool have an unassailable 23-point lead over Manchester City with seven games left.… June 26, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester City returned to the top of the Premier League table with a match to play following a dramatic 1-0 win at home to Leicester on Monday. City captain Vincent Kompany’s superb 25-yard strike some 20 minutes from time at the Etihad Stadium left Pep Guardiola’s side a point ahead… May 7, 2019 In "Sports" Substitute Divock Origi’s 86th minute header earned Liverpool a 3-2 win at Newcastle United on Saturday to send them two points above Manchester City and keep their Premier League title bid alive. The race to secure the final two Champions League qualification places looks likely to go to the final… May 5, 2019 In "Sports"