Dubai  –   A Qatari company helping build a 2022 World Cup stadium has been banned from the event’s projects after its labourers went unpaid for months, organisers said on Thursday. It is a scenario which has emerged in a case Amnesty International said showed inadequate worker welfare standards. Around 100 employees of a Qatari sub-contractor, Qatar Meta Coats (QMC), working on the Al Bayt stadium went up to seven months without pay, Amnesty said in a report. They have continued to be owed unpaid salaries. QMC has also not renewed residency permits for most of its workers, necessary for foreigners working in Qatar, the rights watchdog said. Workers interviewed said they had paid fees ranging from 900 dollars to 2,000 dollars to recruitment agents in their own countries for the job, it said. QMC did not respond to an e-mailed request for comment. The Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy, the tournament’s Qatari organiser, said it learned about the unpaid salaries in July. It added that it engaged with QMC and other stakeholders, resulting in three months of salaries being paid. However, the committee said owed wages continued to be paid. QMC were taken off the stadium project and banned from working on World Cup projects until further notice, it said. The supreme committee said it was “unacceptable” for workers to suffer hardships and that it was fully committed to the ethical treatment of workers. Amnesty said the tournament organiser’s worker welfare standards were inadequate to prevent abuses and provide timely remedies. It also accused FIFA of failing to take human rights abuses linked to the 2022 World Cup seriously. FIFA said it shares concerns over unpaid wages for workers. It however pointed out that it strongly disagreed this incident was a fair reflection of the processes in place to protect workers’ rights or FIFA’s commitment to human rights. Qatar’s government communication office said QMC had been financially sanctioned and its operations suspended until all outstanding salaries were paid. The company has since been sold. Actions by the new owners to rectify “the neglect of the previous owner,” including renewing residency permits and health insurance, are being overseen by the labour ministry. “The State of Qatar does not tolerate the unscrupulous treatment of workers,” it said. (Reuters/NAN) Organisers of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar say they are "dismayed" by claims that migrant workers who fitted their offices are still waiting to be paid. Workers from Nepal, Sri Lanka and India say they are still owed 13 months' wages after the contractor collapsed. Some workers had been… July 28, 2014 In "Sports" Lagos - The IAAF says it is `monitoring closely’ the treatment of migrant workers at the Khalifa International Stadium, being rebuilt for the 2019 World Championship. An IAAF statement released to an online Portal, `Insidethegames', followed the recent unveling of a report by Amnesty International, in which it claimed that… April 3, 2016 In "Sports" By Tony Nezianya, The State of Qatar is on the verge of making history when it becomes the first Middle East country ever to host the FIFA World Cup. Qatar hopes to host the world’s most glamorous sporting event from Nov. 21 to Dec. 18, 2022. Although Qatar is a… March 7, 2016 In "News"