The father of a 5-year-old girl from Sierra Leone who was raped multiple times and killed by her cousin has cried out for justice. According to reports, 5-year-old Kadijah M. Saccoh and her sister were living with their aunt and her son in her home in Freetown, Sierra Leone. Kadijah’s parents were living apart. The father, Congolese Saccoh, is living in the U.S. and had been trying to take Kadijah, a U.S. citizen, with him to the U.S. but couldn’t because a Judge prevented him from doing so as the mother was not in support. Unfortunately, the aunt’s son began raping Kadijah’s elder sister, aged 8, and Kadijah, aged 5. Reports claim that when the aunt found out her son had raped Kadijah’s sister, she hid it from the children’s parents and treated the girl herself. Her son then raped Kadijah and she hid that too and tried treating the girl. Unfortunately, Kadijah died and the aunt tried to bury her hurriedly. According to reports, the aunt informed Kadijah’s father’s family about the death of the girl after which she asked for permission to bury the child, but the father insisted that he wanted to know the cause of the death. The father urged his family to take the corpse for a postmortem. The postmortem result showed that the girl was raped multiple times. The father then asked that his older daughter be taken for a test too and it showed that she had been raped too. The aunt and her son have both been arrested and people are seeking justice for Kadijah with the hashtags #JusticeForKadijahSaccoh and #JusticeForKadijah. On Monday, June 22, celebrities in the country took to the streets to demand justice for the victim and her sister. Women also took to the streets, clad in black, to demand justice. “As a female media organization we are deeply saddened and we therefore condemn this act. We are calling on all authorities concerned to speedily launch an investigation into the matter and ensure the perpetrator(s) is brought to justice. Source Jordan and Andre Anchondo were shot while trying to protect their two-month-old son, when a gunman opened fire in a crowded El Paso shopping area, according to a report by the UK Guardian. The baby was injured, and almost certainly had his life saved by his parents’ heroic efforts. “Her… August 6, 2019 In "Metro" According to a report by Punch Metro, the whereabouts of a 14-year-old boy, Idris, are still shrouded in mystery about two weeks after he absconded from his father’s house in Seme, a border town between Lagos and Benin Republic. Idris was said to have fled home with his siblings, Musa,… December 21, 2019 In "Metro" Brazil - A 13-year-old girl who was sexually abused by her father for four years died while giving birth to his child, police in Brazil have said.   Schoolgirl Luana Ketlen died on December 11 after she was admitted to hospital suffering severe abdominal pains, before medics discovered she was pregnant. … December 31, 2019 In "Foreign"