BBNaija finalist, Omashola Kola Oburoh, has told men to thing of how they were born into this world before they disrespect a woman. Omashola advocated for men to do better when it comes to having respect for women. As focus is drawn to topics surrounding violence against women and gender inequality, the reality TV star and model has now joined his voice. According to Omashola, men should always remember how they were born into this world whenever they feel like disrespecting the female gender. He wrote on Twitter; “Whenever you think about disrespecting a woman, think about how you were born into this world.” It can be recalled that during the Episode 6 of of the BBNaija Pepper Dem Reunion show Omashola and Mercy clashed over him slut shamming her. They argued, cursed, someone got shoved, then reconciled like nothing happened. Isn’t that what fans signed up for? Social distancing guidelines were thrown under the bus, as Mercy Eke and Omashola, trashed out a derogatory remark he made while the pair were in Big Brother’s house. Source Omashola during a conversation with Frodd, broke down into tears while narrating his story.   Big Brother Naija, BBNaija 2019 housemate, Omashola last night opened up to fellow housemate, Frodd, on how he lost his ex-girlfriend due to his bad behaviour. Omashola during a conversation with Frodd, broke down into tears while… August 5, 2019 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija 2019 housemate, Omashola has revealed he would love to be in a relationship with Jackye. Omashola disclosed this on Saturday while speaking with Biggie during his diary session. He lamented about how other female housemates were confused about their relationship and others being engaged outside the house.… July 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" BBNaija star, Ike Onyema has come to the rescue of Mercy Eke after she got into a heated argument with Omashola at the BBNaija reunion. Recall that the drama began after Ebuka Obi-Uchendu asked former housemate Cindy if she was a gossip in the house but she denied it. However,… June 12, 2020 In "Entertainment"