By Toba AjayiIlorin  –  Mrs Funmilayo Olajide, the Proprietress of a private school in Ilorin, has advocated the need for special training of teachers to improve the standard of education in the country.Olajide, who made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Ilorin, said consistent training for teachers would place the country’s education system on the right path.According to her, every teacher needs special training to upgrade and follow teaching trend globally.“We cannot continue to rely on the old method of teaching, as everything changes in the world.”There is the need to equip teachers on the use of computer and technology based teaching method.“Government at all levels should prioritise teachers’ training. If possible, make it annual programme for the teachers. Invest in teachers and rescue education from imminent collapse.“It baffles me when I come across teachers that cannot operate computer easily. Our teachers need upgrade to teach their students in this digital era.“Let the government do something fast. Our education is not in safe hand, if we fail to invest in teachers training. Let us get the best to handle the so called future leaders in class,” she said.The educationist also called on the government at all levels to encourage teachers by consistently paying their salary and other entitlements for them to remain focused“Most teachers are no longer interested or focused in the discharge of their duties, due to irregular payment of their salaries. They sought for alternative means of survival and loose focus and passion for the teaching job,” she explained.Olajide however advised teachers to upgrade themselves by going into more research and trainings and stop waiting for government to do everything for them. (NAN) Abuja - Prof. Abdalla Adamu, the Vice-Chancellor, National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), has decried the total reliance of Nigerian teachers on old teaching methods and strategies. Abdalla, who was represented by Prof. Patrick Eya, Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Academic, expressed the viewpoint at the first public lecture of NOUN’s Faculty of… August 4, 2016 In "News" LAFIA - The Nasarawa State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) has commenced the training of education secretaries and desk officers on special education. Malam Abdulkarim Abdullahi, the Executive Chairman of the board, said this on Friday in Lafia at the opening of a three-day special education capacity building workshop. He… September 5, 2014 In "News" By AbdulFatai Beki. Ilorin  -  The Answer-ud-deen Youth Association of Nigeria (ADYAN) in the 19 northern states has urged President Muhamadu Buhari to use the recovered loot to cushion the hardship being experienced by Nigerians. The Chairman of Northern states’ Executive Committee, Dr Basheer Omipidan, gave the advice while at… December 16, 2016 In "News"