AWKA – The Director of Child Welfare Services in the Anambra State Ministry of Women Affairs, Children and Social Welfare, Mrs. Nkechi Anazodo, on Monday revealed that a total of 80 cases of rape have been reported in parts of the state since the imposition of lockdown in the country. The lockdown was occasioned by the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Anazodo made the revelation during the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF)-supported flag-off of integrated child protection community 10 days sensitisation campaign. She observed that only 32 cases of rape were recorded in her ministry before the lockdown was put in place. According to her, the upsurge had necessitated the need for the 10-day state-wide campaign in the 21 local government areas. Mrs. Anazodo said: “Sexual violence has become the order of the day, especially during this period of lockdown. Even old men now rape children of 12 years and below. The problem we have is that people don’t report. “Last week, a case was brought to us of a 70 year- old man that raped a four-year old child. The case has gone to the police. “Before the lockdown, we had only 32 cases of rape in the ministry, but the figure recorded within the last few months is over 80. It is unfortunate that some men have left their wives to be having sexual relationship with children less than five years. “The most worrisome is that some fathers raped their daughters more during the lockdown. In many cases, fathers who rape their daughters threaten to kill them if they report.” Mrs. Anazodo regretted that many people shy away from reporting the cases because of fear of being stigmatised. She said the state government has mapped out a ‘task sexual assault centre’ at the Engwu-Ukwu General Hospital purposely for treating rape victims. She added: “Once any rape victim is brought to the centre, tests would be conducted on her because of the possibility that the child might have been infested with sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). “It is advisable that the victim should be taken to this referral hospital within two hours of the rape for effective result. “Treatment and counseling of the victim are free and the identity of the victim is usually well protected. Some people are already making use of the facility, but we want more people to be bringing the reports. “Once we get any case of rape, we use the police to arrest the rapist and do everything within the law to prosecute the person.” Mrs. Anazodo called on parents, the clergy, Presidents-General of Town Unions, youth organisations and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) to assist in educating the people on the best way to discourage rape. She stressed that the state Child’s Right Act implementation committee has been properly positioned to handle, among other issues, child abuse of any form. She also said that the child protection network in the ministry ensures that if there was issue of torture of any child, it is taken up by them to and ensure that such person is prosecuted in accordance with the law. “The children have a right to enjoy their lives and that is why we don’t joke with children’s welfare in this state,” Ms. Anazodo stated. Others taking part in the campaign programme are the presidents of the 181 town unions in the state, the churches, traditional institution, women groups, National Population Commission (NPC) and National Orientation Agency (NOA).(News Express) By Moji Eniola Lagos - The Amazing Amazon Initiative, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), says that there has been a surge in the reports of sexual and domestic abuses her organisation has received since the start of the lockdown. The Founder of the NGO, Mrs Mercy Makinde, said this while speaking… April 24, 2020 In "News" By Justina Auta Abuja - The United Nations on Wednesday donated N38.4 million for procurement of palliatives targeted at the vulnerable and indigent women across 14 states to cushion the hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Ms Comfort Lamptey, UN Women Country Representative to Nigeria and ECOWAS, made this known… May 6, 2020 In "Health" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A Coalition of NGOs under the auspices of South East Human Rights Situation Room (HumanRights4SouthEast) has condemned the escalating cases of human rights abuses and violation of the extant laws on human rights by the Security agencies in the Country, especially in enforcing… April 27, 2020 In "News"