Four of the five suspects standing trial for the alleged murder of Sunday Joshua, a security guard at the New Trafford Hotels and Suites in Bauchi State have tested positive for COVID-19. The arraignment of the five accused, which include the Managing Director of the hotel, Innocent Ejeh, at the Chief Magistrate Court 7, Yelwa, on Wednesday, was stalled following a letter written to the court that four accused persons, Abdul-Rasheed Shuaibu, Jacob Joshua, Joshua Ibrahim and Timothy Yunusa, were confirmed positive. Innocent Ejeh and the four others are standing trial for criminal conspiracy and culpable homicide in accordance with sections 96 and 221 of the Penal Code laws. The trial Magistrate, Safiya Salihu, read the letter from the state Correctional Centre dated June 11th, 2020. According to him, the four accused were confirmed positive for coronavirus by the National Center for Disease Control(NCDC) in the state. He adjourned the case to July 14 for further mentioning and arraignment as requested by the prosecution Police Officer, Sergeant Ayuba who pleaded for adjustment. The Prosecution Officer told the court that the accused persons could not be in court due to the reasons stated in the letter from the Correctional centre in Bauchi. The Nation Prime suspect on the serial killing of women in Rivers state, Gracious David-West on Thursday pleaded not guilty to all ten-count charge involving murder and attempted murder against him before a high court in Port Harcourt. David-West is being charged for killing up to fifteen females in various hotels in… November 21, 2019 In "News" Makurdi - A Makurdi Magistrates’ Court on Monday remanded five accused persons, including two brothers, in prison custody for allegedly killing a herdsman, Dahiru Idris. Those remanded were Adah Effeche, Gabriel Ejeh, Daniel Ugwueke, Sunday Ugwueke and Boniface Onoja of various addresses in Edumoga, Okpokwu Local Government Area of Benue. They were… January 18, 2016 In "News" The Nation reports that one of the four suspects arraigned for killing Mrs Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Pa Fasoranti, has tested positive for COVID-19. The four suspects were arraigned last Friday and remanded to a Correctional facility in Owo. Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, who confirmed this in a tweet… April 26, 2020 In "News"