LOKOJA – Controversy has continued to trail the status of Kogi State with regards to the COVID-19 scourge, currently ravaging Nigeria, with the government stating that the much-touted index case in the state, only had complications from a bee sting. Commissioner for Information and Communication in the state, Kingsley Fanwo, said in a statement on Monday that the index case never saw a result confirming his diagnosis of the disease. Hear him: We have debriefed the imam who has been discharged, and we are shocked to discover that his experiences in the hands of the NCDC are far from everything that Nigerians have been told constitute best practices in a Covid-19 situation, especially its pathogenesis and management. “The Chief Imam, an upright and outstanding man who is only interested in the truth confirmed what we have known all along – that he did not test positive for Covid-19 and received no result of such a diagnosis neither did his doctors at the National Hospital, Abuja where he was confined advise him of it. “The cleric maintains that he suffered from nothing beyond complications from an attack by bees, medical conditions which pre-date the Covid-19 pandemic and stress from travels associated with his work. Till he was released yesterday, he was held in conditions which allowed him to interact with visitors. “The son’s case is even more strange as he has a negative test result to confirm that he is Covid-19 free. Ditto all his siblings who were tested in the days following as the NCDC serially sought an off-taker for the second Covid-19 case which they had earlier foisted on Kogi State. “Throughout his father’s time in the custody of the NCDC, and in keeping with his Covid-19 negative status, the son remained at liberty and was his father’s primary helper. “He was never hospitalised and was allowed to go home each day and return the next. He was allowed to mingle freely with family, visitors, hospital staff and others. Yet, till this day, he remains the second case of Covid-19 allocated to Kogi state on the NCDC’s scoreboard. “The NCDC is plotting another exercise in secrecy and unverifiable processes through the third case announced in the state. “Nearly one week after she (the third patient) was sneaked onto the NCDC’s list, the Kogi state government is yet to be armed with the actionable information she needs to take preemptive actions in line with the Covid-19 guidelines. “We suspect that the NCDC’s lackadaisical attitude may not be unconnected with the knowledge that no infection has been found. Just like in the case of the Chief Imam and his family, let it be known that we are looking out for our citizen and will demand full reckoning should any harm come to her.” (Whirlwindnews) The index case of COVID-19 in Kogi did not contract the disease from another state as he has not travelled recently, according to his family members, TheCable reports. In a statement on Friday, Tai Ejibunu, obatebise of Oweland, said the patient identified as Ahmad Ejibunu, chief imam of Kabba, may… May 30, 2020 In "News" The family of Chief Imam of Kabba, Sheikh Ahmad Abubakar Ejibunu, has confirmed he died of coronavirus, The Nation reports. Kogi State Government and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have been at loggerheads over COVID-19 cases in Kogi. While NCDC insisted two cases were confirmed, the Government insisted… May 30, 2020 In "News" Dino Melaye, former senator representing Kogi west, says the report of COVID-19 in Kogi state is “real and authentic”. On Wednesday, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced 389 new COVID-19 cases in the country and two were in Kogi. But the state rejected the results, insisting it is… May 30, 2020 In "News"