ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The Ighodalo and Olaleye Ajayi families have expressed profound sadness over the death of their daughter and daughter-in-law, Mrs Ibidunni Ighodalo, an ex-beauty queen, who died suddenly on Sunday (today) in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. She was the wife of a popular Pastor Ituah Ighodalo, senior pastor of Trinity House, Lagos. A statement by the families signed by Asue Ighodalo did not state the cause of Mrs Ighodalo’s death. According to Asue Ighodalo, “The Ighodalo and Olaleye Ajayi families are deeply saddened to announce the sudden loss of our beloved wife and daughter Mrs. Ibidunni Ituah-Ighodalo who passed away in the early hours of today. “As you will understand, this is a difficult time for our families and we will appreciate some  privacy during this time. “All information of burial proceedings will be provided in due course.”  SundiataPost reported earlier that she slumped and died in her hotel room in Port Harcourt, where she had gone to help set up isolation centres. Further reports indicate that she apparently died of cardiac arrest. •The late Mrs Ibidun Ighodalo ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Mrs Ibidun Ighodalo (nee Ajayi), a former beauty queen is dead, aged 40. SundiataPost learnt that Mrs Ighodalo apparently slumped and died on Sunday morning (today) in her hotel room in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State, where she had gone to help… June 14, 2020 In "News" Ibidunni, a popular Lagos businesswoman and wife of Lagos-based pastor and founder of Trinity House, Pastor Ituah Ighodalo, is dead. The PUNCH reports that the event planner and marriage counsellor died in Port Harcourt. A member of the church’s media team, Matthew Osarenren, confirmed the sad news to our correspondent… June 14, 2020 In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko, ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) - Distributors of the Dangote foods companies, including Dangote Flour, Sugar and Salt were on Tuesday  rewarded for their loyalty as the management of the Companies doled out over N2 billion cash gifts to appreciate them for their continued patronage over the past one year. … February 15, 2017 In "Business"