According to Vanguard, a 34-year old man, Mr Ifeanyi Apusiobi from Ogbunike in Oyi Local Government Area of Anambra State reportedly ran amok yesterday and killed his two children with a pestle and used the same object to inflict injuries on his 72-year-old father. Anambra State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Mr Haruna Mohammed, who confirmed the incident, said Apusiobi had been arrested by the police pending further investigation. According to him, corpses of the children, aged seven and five years, had been deposited at Iyienu Hospital mortuary, Ogidi for autopsy, while his father is receiving treatment at a private hospital. Haruna said: “At about 1 am on June 21, 2020, police operatives attached to Ogbunike Police Station arrested one Ifeanyi Apusiobi aged 34years of Azu Ogbunike in Oyi LGA of Anambra State. “The suspect allegedly ran amok in a circumstance yet to be ascertained and attacked two of his biological children namely, Chinecherem Apusiobi aged seven years and Obinna Apusiobi aged five years, with a wooden pestle on their heads while they were sleeping. “He equally used the same object and injured his father, Dominic Apusiobi, aged 72years on the head. “Police detectives visited the scene and rushed the victims to the hospital for medical attention where the two children were certified dead by a medical doctor, while his aged father is responding to treatment” The PPRO said the police recovered the pestle as an exhibit, adding that the case had been transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department, CID, Awka for discreet investigation. Source According to The Nation, police in Anambra state said they have arrested a 37-year old man, Chigorom Ezeofor for allegedly killing his father in Unuchiana village, Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra state. The police spokesperson, Haruna Mohammed who confirmed the arrest in a statement on Saturday, said the suspect,… April 25, 2020 In "Metro" By Francis Onyeukwu   Awka   -     The Police Command in Anambra has arrested a 50-year-old man, Nonyelum Okakwu, and two boys in Ogbaru Local Government Area of the state, for alleged child theft. The state Commissioner of Police, Mr Garba Umar who disclosed this at a news… August 16, 2018 In "Metro" By Francis Onyeukwu Awka - Police in Anambra have arrested  52 suspected cult members including a notorious armed robber and  recovered firearms and ammunition.A statement issued by Mr Haruna Mohammed, the command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), on Tuesday in Awka, noted that the suspect, one Chukwudi Igwilo from Nanka… June 19, 2019 In "Metro"