By Emmanuel Oloniruha  Abuja  – A Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Gubernatorial Aspirant in Ondo State, Sen. Boluwaji Kunlere, has pledged to address issues of multiple taxation, if elected governor of the state. Kunlere, an ex-federal lawmaker, who represented Ondo South Senatorial District in the National Assembly, said this in an interview with newsmen in Abuja on Sunday. He said that moribund industries in the state would be resuscitated, adding that boosting the state economy would be his priority “The problems associated with multiple taxes shall be addressed. There will be tax holidays for new investments and investors”. Kunlere, a former Special Adviser on Political Affairs to former Governor Olusegun Mimiko, said he would pay special attention to areas where the state had comparative advantage, including palm oil and cocoa. He gave assurance that his administration would give due attention to provision of basic infrastructure such as pipe borne water, accessible and affordable healthcare facilities in all parts of the state . Kunlere, who on Friday submitted his nomination and expression of interest forms at PDP national secretariat, pledged to provide adequate security as well ensure youths and women empowerment. He promised to respect separation of power among the executive, judiciary and legislative arms of government and also respect local government autonomy. (NAN) By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Okitipupa Local Government area of Ondo State says it will prune the governorship aspirants from the area to two, ahead of the party’s primaries at the state level.This was contained in a communique issued by the PDP… May 3, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA - A governorship aspirant for Delta, Mr  Ovie Omo-Agege, said on Monday that he would revive all moribund industries in the state, if elected as the state governor in 2015. He said this on Monday in Abuja at the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) national headquarters, while speaking with newsmen… October 20, 2014 In "News" AKURE - As part of effort to improve security of lives and property in Ondo State, Sen. Boluwaji Kunlere (LP-Ondo), on Friday donated 13 Hilux Pick-Up vans to the Police Command in the State. Presenting the vehicles,Kunlere said the vans would support security operatives in Ondo South Senatorial District. He… December 19, 2014 In "News"