An actress, Rosemond Alade Brown, popularly known as Akuapem Poloo has shocked fans after posting a naked photo in a squatting position with her son on his seventh birthday. The son was also semi clad. However, the photo has attracted attention from social media users. Akuapem Poloo while sharing the photo wrote: “Son today reminds me of the very day I gave birth to you with no stress and with no regret…..30th June 2013 exactly 4:46am Sunday Haha. I still remember this date paa because it’s really meant a lot to me, I only felt the 30 minutes pain when you were turning to come out you were soo good to me. “I gave birth with no complication, no cut no disability Haha I love you son. You see how you looking at me always remember that I love you. ”I’m naked in front of you because this is how naked I was giving birth to you, so in case you find me naked lying somewhere don’t pass by me but rather see me as your mom who brought you to life.” See reactions below: official_flirt: When you gave birth to him you were naked we get it …but when you gave birth to him was he wearing this pant ? Anyway what’s my business sal_nadjet: The message is emotional  Deep from the heart tantigh: Goosebumps  mothers understand pexy_meelz: Awww Mum this so touching , happy birthday my brother adobea_brown: Touching comment snrmorrison: The final part of your caption says everything puss_iin_bootss: So touching… May you grow up to be a fine young man who would do anything to make his mama proud without thinking twice about that… Cause she’s out there trying to give you the best in this life… Happy birthday young man tymer_scotty1: Sister Poloo you have a point in your words……. Happy birthday boy maryandziequainoo:Eii did i just shed tears after reading, her the pain alone continous for over 5hrs, hbd to him kesterdc_:Seriously I was speechless when I saw this. Then I realized that mother will go behind their limits just to prove to their kids how much she loves them and why she is called mom  @akuapem_poloo nice one Son today reminds me of the very day I gave birth to you with no stress and with no regret…..30th June 2013 exactly 4:46am Sunday Haha I still remember this date paa because it's really meant a lot to me, I only felt the 30 minutes pain when you were turning to come out you were soo good to me. I gave birth with no complication, no cut no disability Haha I love you son. You see how you looking at me always remember that I love you I'm naked in front of you because this is how naked I was giving birth to you, so in case you find me naked lying somewhere don't pass by me but rather see me as your mom who brought you to life. ——————————————————— HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU @sonof_poloo  @arxstudios Muah @humblessignature A post shared by  Rosemond Alade Brown (@akuapem_poloo) on Jun 30, 2020 at 1:24am PDT Source It's not common knowledge that actress, movie producer, and model - Nkechi Blessing Sunday has a son as she has been keeping him off the media. Controversial Nollywood actress, Nkechi Blessing Sunday shares cute photo of her son, Elijah Novah Success. Nkechi Blessing said she can't wait to show him… June 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" Controversial Nollywood actress, Nkechi Blessing Sunday shares cute photo of her son, Elijah Novah Success. Nkechi Blessing said she can't wait to show him everywhere as she hopes for him to grow up fast. The curvy lady remains single and the identity of the father remains unknown. She wrote: "I… June 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" Biodun Okeowo Actress, Biodun Okeowo, better known as Omoborty, is one actress whose shape announces her even when she is not speaking about herself. However, the fair-skinned voluptuous role interpreter, who has an impressive fan base on Instagram, has said that she was once shy of showing off her body… January 11, 2020 In "Metro"