Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki of the Peoples Democratic Party will have a hurdle to overcome ahead of their primaries as three aspirants on the party’s platform have refused to step down for him. ThisDay reports that Gideon Ikhine, Ogbeide-Ihama and Kenneth Imasuagbon are the three men that were screened and cleared by the party for the primary. However, Obaseki’s decision to dump the All Progressives Congress (APC) for PDP, has changed the complexion of the game. Obaseki defected to the opposition party along with his deputy, Hon. Philip Shuaibu. The PDP primary was initially scheduled to hold last weekend, but has now been postponed until tomorrow, because of the new developments. Ahead of Tuesday’s primary, Obaseki has met with Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta state; Chairman of the PDP Governors Forum, Aminu Tambuwal and the Governor of Rivers State Nyesom Wike, to strategise on how to get him the ticket. It is understood that a meeting that held Saturday night between key PDP leaders and the three governorship aspirants ended in a deadlock. Imasuagbo, Ogbeide-Ihama and Ikhine have so far refused to be yield to pressure from every quarter. “Yes, there is pressure from them. But it is not about pressure, but about doing the right thing in line with the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, due process and the Electoral Act. “It is disappointing and a big shame in Edo State and the entire nation and it portends danger for the country and the party. Nigerians should rise up against what is happening. We are not in the jungle; it is not a do-or-die affair, but about the process. It is totally unacceptable,” Imasuagbon said. Source According to The PUNCH, indications emerged on Saturday that the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party has given conditions to the embattled Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, to fly the party’s flag in the state’s September 19 governorship election. The offers came following Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki from the… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" Following his disqualification by the All Progressives Congress, there are indications that the embattled Governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki, may consider running on the platform of another political party to realise his second-term ambition. The screening committee of the party, headed by Prof Jonathan Ayuba, while presenting the… June 13, 2020 In "Politics" Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features"