BY Joyce Remi- Babayeju Abuja ( Sundiata Post) –  The Federal Government has warned that it is not yet safe for large gatherings as some states are contemplating on reopening schools, televisions, viewing centres, sports stadia and places which attract concentration of people. Secretary to the Federal Government and the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha gave this warning to states considering this move during the Monday briefing today in Abuja. Mustapha said, “Gatherings are still not ok. Be responsible. Lifted Restrictions does not mean carelessness and that life is back to “normal.” “We have received reports that some states are contemplating the reopening of schools, television viewing centres, sports stadia and other places where large gatherings could take place.” The PTF therefore re-emphasized that it is not yet safe to do so and that utmost caution should be exercised following the guideline. It further appealed to State governments to embark on wider community testing, enforce rules on social distancing, step up community engagement and risk communication and pay attention to places of large gatherings, adding that security agencies should enforce the ban on inter-state travels very strictly. Meanwhile the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire has advised Nigerians to adhere to all advisories and guidelines issued by government like washing of hands regularly or use alcohol based hand sanitizers, maintain physical distancing and use face masks at all times, whether at home or outside. According to the minister as at yesterday, Nigeria has recorded 403 confirmed new covid-19 cases with the latest total number to 16,085. We have treated and discharged 5,220 persons and sadly lost 420 persons to the disease. Despite the rising figures, the case fatality rate remains at about 3%, which is lower than many countries, but not a cause for relief. The increasing pace of testing will yield more cases, but we need to also be proactive in keeping fatalities low, he explained. End The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has warned state governments that it is still not safe to reopen schools in the country. PTF Chairman and Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, made this known during a briefing on Monday. He said, “The PTF appeals to state governments… June 15, 2020 In "News" As state governments reopen worship centres this weekend, the Federal Government has threatened to review the relaxation of the restriction placed on churches and mosques, if worshippers disregard its guidelines, The PUNCH reports. The Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 and Secretary to the Government of the Federation,… June 5, 2020 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration( FCTA), on Thursday in Abuja directed that both public and private schools in the territory should be shot down until further notice. The FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, gave the directive during a meeting with Heads of Secretariats,… March 19, 2020 In "Education"