By Joyce Remi-Babayeju- with agency report Abuja (SundiataPost) – As countries around the world mark the 2020 World Blood Donor Day, WBDD, the World Health Organisation, WHO,  has called for  more people globally to save lives by donating blood  periodically.WHO made this call via it’s  official website and said that the WBDD is marked  on June 14, 2020, WHO and all countries celebrate World Blood Donor Day.This year’s day is celebrated with the theme, “Safe Blood Saves Lives ” with the slogan “Donate Blood to Make the World a Healthier Place”.The day is used to focus on the contributions the donors can make to improve the health of others in various communities. According to WHO, the need for safe blood is universal. Safe blood is essential in treatments and urgent interventions. It allows to increase the hope and quality of life of patients with life-threatening diseases and to carry out complex medical and surgical procedures. It is also essential to treat the wounded during emergencies of all kinds (natural disasters, accidents, armed conflicts, etc.) and plays an essential role in maternal and newborn care.Despite this, access to safe blood remains a privilege for the few. Most low- and middle-income countries have difficulty obtaining safe blood because donations and blood testing equipment are lacking. Globally, 42% of blood donations are made in high-income countries where only 16% of the world population lives. The only way to ensure a sufficient supply of safe blood is through regular, unpaid donations. Owing to the necessity of blood donation as an intervention to saving  lives, the World Health Assembly in 2005 designated a special day to thank blood donors and encourage those who have not yet donated blood to do so. The objectives of this year’s campaign are to honour and thank blood donors and encourage those who have not yet donated to do so. Raise awareness of urgent need for more safe blood to use where and it is needed to save lives. Demonstrate the need for universal access to safe blood transfusions and promote their role in the provision their role in the provision of effective health care and in achieving the goal of universal health coverage. Obtain national and regional and global support from governments and developmental partners to straighten and sustain and invest in national blood programmes. LAGOS -The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Lagos State Branch, on Monday called for aggressive enlightenment of the public on the taboos associated with blood donation. The NMA Chairman, Dr Tope Ojo, made the call at a programme commemorating the World Blood Donor Day (WBDD) in Lagos with the theme: "Thank… June 15, 2015 In "News" By Oluwabukola Akanni   Ibadan   -     The National Blood Transfusion Service, South-west Zone, says that regular voluntary blood donation reduces risks of heart, liver and kidney diseases, obesity and strokes. Mrs Oyinsola Adeleke, the Acting Coordinator, said this while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in… June 14, 2018 In "Health" By Lexi Elo As Nigeria is set to join the rest of the World to mark 'World Blood Day' on 14 June, a day set aside to highlight the need to regularly donate blood to prevent shortages in health institutions (hospitals and clinics), medical experts have tasked Nigerians on increased… June 11, 2015 In "News"