Ravensburg (Germany)  –  A man accused of shooting dead six relatives and seriously injuring two others at a family gathering went on trial in Germany on Monday. The 27-year-old defendant faces charges of murder and attempted murder. He allegedly killed his parents, his half-sister, his half-brother, his uncle and his aunt in the town of Rot am See, located in the south-western state of Baden-Wuerttemberg. Another aunt and uncle were able to escape in spite of also being shot. The man, a German national, is said to have shot 30 bullets during the bloodbath on Jan. 24, before calling the police and handing himself in. The shooting took place in the father’s apartment block, in which the alleged killer also lived. The family had met for a funeral there. The man had allegedly been planning the attack for some time, having joined a marksmen’s club and legally obtained a gun prior to the crime. He is said to have felt maltreated by his mother and half-sister. Prosecutors say he has confessed to the crime. The defendant will receive a psychiatric assessment during the course of the trial, with prosecutors noting that he may suffer from paranoid schizophrenia. The trial is taking place in a court in the town of Ellwangen, with a verdict currently expect on July 10. (dpa/NAN) BERLIN - German police said on Thursday in Berlin, that Parents of a 19-year-old lady who was throttled to death in a suspected honour killing have been arrested, along with her uncle and aunt.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Prosecutor Nina Reininger, said the family was of Pakistani extraction and it was believed that… January 29, 2015 In "Foreign" An ex-nurse in Germany has admitted at the start of his trial that he murdered 100 patients, making him one of the world's most prolific serial killers. Detectives say Niels Högel, 41, administered fatal doses of medication to the people in his care at two hospitals in northern Germany. His… October 30, 2018 In "Foreign" Berlin - Germany and Turkey, on Tuesday, reaffirmed their willingness to cooperate in a joint statement issued barely after a racism-fuelled attack in the town of Hanau that targeted several people of Turkish origin. According to the two countries Interior Ministers, Horst Seehofer and Suleyman Soylu, Germany and Turkey agreed… March 3, 2020 In "Foreign"