OAP, Daddy Freeze has taken to the scriptures to support his association with alleged fraudster, Hushpuppi. Recall that the media personality has been receiving serious slaps for ass-licking a man said to have defrauded millions of people of their hardearned money. He was also slapped for mocking unemployed Nigerians while glorifying a thief all because he wants to benefit from his stealing. In a video he made a while back, he was heard telling Nigerians to beg Hushpuppi to employ their fathers as his driver instead of criticizing the fraudsters lifestyle. Defending himself from the backlash, Daddy Freeze quoted Mark 2:15 where Jesus dined with “sinners”. The media personality went on to block social media users who were trolling him and also said “he will say what will make them drink sniper”. However, many have taken to social media to describe DaddyFreeze as a hypocrite who dines and wines with fraudsters. Source Controversial Media personality, Daddy Freeze, has come under attack following the arrest of Hushpuppi. A video on Thursday went viral on social media showing Daddy Freeze sometime in 2019 dining with Hushpuppi and his gang who are currently being charged for allegedly defrauding over 1.9 million victims to the tune… June 26, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" •Hushpuppi    …as INTERPOL confirms arrest of suspected international fraudsterLaunches manhunt for accomplices in alleged trans-border fraud Plans are underway by the International Police (INTERPOL) Nigeria to extradite Instagram celebrity Raymond Igbalodely a.k.a. Hushpuppi from Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to Nigeria to face alleged multiple fraud charges, The… June 13, 2020 In "News" •Hushpuppi I recall Abike Dabiri-Ereuwa, of the Diaspora Affairs office, taking to social media to tag criminals, who were arrested overseas "in the line of duty", as Igbo instead of Nigerians. I recall the backlash that followed that infamous and shameful tagging by a federal government official. Folks of other… June 12, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds"