President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana has called President Muhammadu Buhari Over the demolition of the Nigerian High Commission in Accra. In a telephone conversation on Tuesday, Akufo-Addo expressed his sincere apology over the unfortunate incident that has sparked reactions from the Nigerian government. This was confirmed in a statement issued by the Senior Special Assistant to the President, Garba Shehu. The Ghana leader assured President Buhari that he has directed a full investigation into the matter, assuring that justice will be served. Meanwhile, some suspects linked to the demolition had been arrested and will be arraigned in court. It will be recalled that a businessman who claimed ownership of the land housing the Nigerian mission reportedly moved with security personnel to demolish some portion of the staff quarters. Although the demolition took place on Friday, the man was said to have shown up the previous week with some pieces of evidence to support his claim and began to knock down the fence surrounding the building. A source at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs told Channels Television that the action of the man was not opposed, adding that the Nigerian High Commission petitioned the Ghanaian Government about it, but there was no response. Following the incident, many Nigerians including the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila have condemned the action. (Channels TV) It was the other way round. Just three years ago, my friend and publisher of the Ghanaian Chronicle, Kofi Coomson, had almost given up on Ghana. He wanted to move. After only one term, John Mahama’s government had brought the country to the brink and Ghana was, once again, near its… March 8, 2018 In "Opinion" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja  -  Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Sunday in Abuja met behind closed doors with President of Ghana, Nana Akufo-Addo. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting which took place at the Aguda House, Presidential Villa, Abuja, lasted for more than an hour. Details… June 25, 2017 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has said technology is aiding Nigeria’s advancement in critical sectors of the economy. According to him, Nigeria recognizes the centrality of science and technology in the development process and will ensure adequate resource allocation for research and development. According to a statement by Senior Special Assistant to… February 10, 2020 In "News"