AWKA – An Awka-based car dealer has lost a car worth N2 million to a man who posed as a buyer. It was gathered that the suspect demanded to test the Toyota Corolla car and on receipt of the car keys, he allegedly ignited the ignition and sped off to an unknown destination. Confirming the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Haruna Mohammed, said: “The Anambra State Police Command wishes to inform the public that a syndicate has devised new trick of stealing vehicles from motor dealers under false pretense of buying the vehicles. “They approach car stands under false pretense of testing the vehicles and as soon as the ignition key is released to them by oblivious owners, they will zoom off and escape with the Car. “A case under reference was on the 15/6/2020 at about 12:30 p.m., a car dealer based at Agu Awka reported at ‘B’ Division Awka that a man whose identity is not yet known came to his car stand to test an unregistered Ash coloured Toyota Corolla Car, model 2006, valued Two Million Naira (N2,000,000) with a pretence of buying the car. “When he was handed over the ignition key, the suspect zoomed off on top speed with the vehicle and all original documents inside the vehicle’s compartment. “In view of the foregoing, the Command is making a clarion call to members of the public particularly car dealers to be wary of such syndicate and this new pattern of crime in order not to fall victims.” The PPRO said efforts are being intensified to recover the stolen car and get the culprit arrested.(News Express) By Peter Okolie Awka - The Police Command in Anambra says it has arrested three suspected members of a car snatching syndicate and two other robbery suspects in the state. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mr Haruna Mohammed disclosed this in a statement made available to newsmen in… April 17, 2020 In "News" Daily Post reports that a 45-year-old man identified as Onyebuchi Ashiema has been allegedly beaten to death for parking his car wrongly in a street at Igboukwu community of Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. Ashiema was said to have been attacked by a 36-year-old man, one Evans Obuneme… February 21, 2020 In "News" Engr. Emeka Chiaghana Nnamdi Azikiwe University (UNIZIK), Awka community was on Monday thrown into mourning when the news of the death of a member of staff of the institution broke. Engr. Emeka Chiaghana was abducted three months ago from his home in Nibo, Awka South Local Government Area of the… February 4, 2020 In "News"