Days after it arraigned organizers of a Naira Marley Concert in Abuja before a Mobile Court, the Federal Capital Territory FCT minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello has again vowed to prosecute the musician and all those involved in violating the Covid-19 guidelines, Vanguard reports. The minister who disclosed this in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Anthony Ogunleye said, “the FCT Administration views the actions of the organisers and attendees at this concert as reckless, wicked, insensitive and utter disrespect and disregard both for the law and the wellbeing and welfare of fellow citizens. “He also added that the FCT Administration which has a responsibility to protect the lives of the citizenry is determined to prosecute all those involved in orchestrating these infractions to the full extent of the law”, he said. The Administration had earlier on Sunday prosecuted the organisers and asked the Lagos State Government to deal with the musician. The Administration was also mandated by the court to seal up the Jabi Lake Mall for violating the Presidential Task Force’s directives on the ban on public gatherings. Apart from violating the rules of social distancing and use of face masks in public places, the concert breached the 10pm to 4am curfew in the territory. In condemning the concert, the Minister lamented that there is a very real possibility that a positive individual at that event could by now have gone ahead to cross-infect several others thereby leading to a possible exponential spread. He said; “It is disheartening to see residents not adhering to even the basic guidelines of facial covering, social distancing and hand washing or sanitizing. These guidelines have been put in place in order to save and safeguard lives. “Adherence to the guidelines could be the difference between life and death. This, therefore, begs the question; whether that concert or party which is clearly against the law is worth the health or life of a citizen. Clearly, no concert or party is worth the life of anyone”. Source The Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Malam Muhammad Bello on Tuesday vowed musician, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley, alongside those who featured and entertained fun seekers at the Jabi Lake Mall in Abuja would be prosecuted. Jabi Lake Mall was shut down by the FCT administration… June 16, 2020 In "News" The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has expressed displeasure over the concert Naira Marley held on Saturday in Abuja, despite the ban on large gatherings amid the Coronavirus pandemic. Hip-hop artiste, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley, held a concert at the Jabi Lake Mall on Saturday in contravention… June 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" The Federal Capital Territory Administration(FCTA) has closed down the popular Jabi Lake Mall indefinitely after the shopping centre violated Presidential Task Force’s ban on public gatherings as part of measures to curb COVID-19 pandemic in Abuja, The Nation reports. This order issued by the FCT Task Force on COVID-19 came… June 14, 2020 In "News"