According to a report by SaharaReporters, a former governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi, is dead. The 70-year-old, who had been on a life support machine since last Friday at First Cardiology Hospital in Ikoyi, Lagos, after slipping into a coma following Coronavirus complications, finally died on Thursday, according to findings by SaharaReporters. On Monday, a reliable source close to the ex-governor had told SaharaReporters that Ajimobi had been on life support machine after he slipped into a deep coma and may not make any recovery going by the observations of medical experts around him. The source further disclosed that the former Oyo governor had a lung surgery since being rushed to the Lagos hospital but made no progress while his kidneys had also failed. Doctors treating Ajimobi, it was reliably gathered, last Friday informed his family that his situation had defied every medical intervention and that only a miracle could bring him back to life. Those projections came true on Thursday as the ex-governor finally succumbed to the virus that has also killed several prominent Nigerians including late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abba Kyari, who was also treated for the disease at First Cardiology Hospital until he died. Source Fear of former Oyo State governor, Abiola Ajimobi recovering after days in coma may be in jeopardy as he is now in life support machine, according to Sahara Reporters. The report revealed that the 70-year-old slipped into coma on Thursday for the second time as a result of COVID-19 complications.… June 23, 2020 In "Politics" The All Progressives Congress (APC) members under the aegis of the Oyo State Aspirants Forum, have declared a three-day fasting and prayer session for the former governor of the state, Senator Abiola Ajimobi, Punch has reported. Recall that Ajimobi who is the acting National Chairman of the APC, is currently… June 23, 2020 In "News" •Senator Ajimobi ABUJA - Immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi, was eventually revived after he fainted on Thursday evening, leading to reports of his purported death, a family source told News Express. “He fainted in his Lagos residence but is still alive,” the source told News Express around 10:00… June 19, 2020 In "News"