Aaron Glee Jr. confessed several times that he kidnapped and killed Oluwatoyin Salau, a student and protester, and Victoria Sims, a volunteer and retired state worker, in grisly crimes that have horrified the community. According to newly released court documents, Glee waived his right to remain silent and gave his account of events to officers with the Tallahassee Police Department and the Orlando Police Department. They include shocking new details, including that Glee kept Salau a prisoner in his run-down home for several days, raping her and eventually deciding to kill her to avoid getting caught. The documents also reveal that Salau, 19, and Sims, 75, apparently met each other in the last days of their lives, after Glee arranged for Sims to pick him and Salau up at a bus stop. Salau vanished June 6, followed by Sims on June 11. On June 13,  Tallahassee Police Department officers descended on his home after tracing Sims’ cellphone to the address. They found Sims’ body under a bloody sheet in a bedroom and Salau’s body under a pile of leaves in the woods behind the house. By that time, Glee had already bought a one-way ticket to West Palm Beach, where he has family members. Orlando police, working off information from Tallahassee police, intercepted him at a Greyhound bus station and arrested him. He complained of breathing problems and was taken to an Orlando hospital, where he openly chatted about the two murders, according to the arrest report. Timeline: The moments leading up to the deaths of Oluwatoyin Salau, Victoria Sims “While at the hospital, Glee had made voluntary admissions to officers guarding him that he had murdered two women in Tallahassee,” the report says. “He would also place a telephone call to his mother and make these same admissions.” Later that day, TPD officers arrived in Orlando to interview him. “Glee would admit in detail that on different dates, he had kidnapped and murdered both (Salau) and Sims,” the report says. Glee told investigators he struck up a conversation with Salau June 6 at a bus stop on Apalachee Parkway. She told him she had been sexually assaulted earlier in the day – something she revealed publicly on Twitter. He offered to take her to his house to bathe and sleep. He said he called Sims, who picked them both up in her white Toyota sedan. Video footage captured by StarMetro buses shows that Salau left a Leon County branch library on South Adams Street at 5:51 p.m. and arrived at the bus stop on Apalachee Parkway at 6:07 p.m. “That footage also demonstrated that she and Glee did engage in an extended conversation while seated on a bench at the bus stop,” the report says. “At approximately 7:07 p.m., a white Toyota, the same make and model of the one owned by Sims, arrived in the area of the bus stop. Glee and (Salau) departed in that Toyota moments later.” Glee told investigators that after arriving at his house, Salau took a shower. He tried to have sex with her but she said no and tried to fight him off. “He stated that she physically resisted him, and that she bit him upon his right forearm during the struggle,” the report says. But Glee overpowered her. “He was asked if he would characterize his actions as rape,” the report says. “Glee responded in the affirmative.” Glee said he kept Salau tied up and imprisoned in his home for three to five days but wasn’t sure how long because “he was heavily under the influence of alcohol.” He said he released her at times to eat and bathe. He admitted “sexually assaulting her numerous times during those three to five days.” Glee, who has a prison record dating back decades, worried that if he were to let her go, he’d land behind bars again. “Glee stated that he was aware that he would be arrested and likely sentenced to prison if he allowed (Salau) to leave the residence,” the arrest report says. “Glee indicated that he determined that his only course of action was to end her life.” He bound her with rope in a manner he thought would cause her to die and left her in a bedroom. “Glee explained how over the course of several hours he would re-enter the bedroom multiple times to see if (Salau) was still alive,” the report says. “Ultimately, he entered into the bedroom and determined (she) was deceased.” Police reports say Sims also was bound. Investigators believe Glee ransacked her apartment on Blair Stone Road, stole her car and kidnapped her. Her car was found stuck in mud outside his house. Glee was arrested in Orlando but brought to Tallahassee, where he’s facing two counts each of murder and kidnapping and one count of sexual assault. He had his first court appearance on the new charges Saturday via video conference. Chief Circuit Judge Jonathan Sjostrom ordered Glee held without bail at the request of Assistant State Attorney Callaway Scott, who called him a “danger to society.” Glee, wearing an orange and white jumpsuit, did not speak during the brief hearing. His Miami attorney, Mauricio Padilla, advised him not to discuss the case with anyone Sjostrom agreed with Scott, noting that Glee was a flight risk given his unsuccessful attempt to escape on a bus. “There are no conditions that can adequately protect the public, no conditions that could ensure Mr. Glee’s future appearance,” Sjostrom said. “The probable cause itself demonstrates the possibility of significant flight.” (USA Today) The Tallahassee Police Department has released the mugshot of Oluwatoyin Salau’s suspected killer after he was arrested on Sunday in connection to the killing of the Black Lives Matter activist. According to arrest records in Orange County, Florida, 49-year-old Aaron Glee Jr., was arrested in Orlando on June 14 on… June 16, 2020 In "News" By Chinyere Omeire Lagos - A 49-year-old electrician, Ismaila Salau,on Tuesday in an Igbosere High Court denied killing his wife, Silifat Yakubu with a pestle. Salau was arraigned in 2015, on a count charge of murder preferred against him by the Lagos State Government. At the resumed hearing, the witness… March 12, 2019 In "News" With the accuser and the accused maintaining their claim over the r*pe allegation involving popular Afro-pop singer, Dapo Oyebanjo popularly known as D’banj and a young woman, Seyitan Babatayo, the police detectives investigating the trending scandal have resolved to retrieve the CCTV video recording at the hotel where the incident… June 20, 2020 In "News"