The Chief Judge of Kogi State, Justice Nasiru Ajanah, is dead, The PUNCH reports. Justice Ajanah died in Abuja on Sunday. He died after a brief illness at the age of 64. The justice’s death is coming exactly a week after the state lost the President of the Customary Court of Appeal, Justice Ibrahim Shaibu Atadoga, after a brief illness. The Kogi State Government on its website said Ajanah was born in 1956 to the family of MJ Fari Ajanah in Okene local government area. He studied law at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, and was called to the Nigerian bar as a barrister and solicitor of the supreme court. Ajanah later set up his private firm, Nasiru Ajanah & Co in Okene, where he practised law between 1985 and 1989. He served in various capacities such as chairman, Kabba disturbance tribunal, Kogi, (1994); chairman, election petitions tribunal in Adamawa state (1998); member of governing council of Nigerian Institute of Advanced Legal Studies (1999 and 2006) and chairman, panel on Murtala Mohammed international airport fire incident (2000). Ajanah, whose remains will be buried in Abuja on Sunday, served as chairman, election petitions tribunal in Akwa Ibom state (2007) and chairman, election tribunal petitions in Rivers state (2008). Source By Martins Odeh Abuja. - The National Judicial Council (NJC) was on Tuesday urged to prioritise investigation of  corruption allegations brought against Justice Nasiru Ajanah, Kogi Chief Judge without further delay. The Executive Secretary Anti-Corruption and Research Based Data Initiative (ARDI), Chief Dennis Aghanya made the call while speaking to… May 15, 2019 In "News" OKENE (KOGI) - Gunmen on Monday kidnapped a Kogi High Court Judge, Mr Justice Samuel Obayomi, and killed his orderly, Cpl. Usman Musa in an early morning attack. Obayomi of the Ebogogo High Court in the Adavi Local Government Area of Kogi was kidnapped while on his way to work.… May 25, 2015 In "News" Dekina (Kogi)  - The Chief Judge of Kogi, Justice Nasir Ajanah , on Monday ordered courts in the state not to adjourn criminal cases beyond two weeks. Ajanah gave the directive on Monday after reviewing warrants of Awaiting Trial inmates at the Dekina Prisons. [pro_ad_display_adzone="70560"] The Chief Judge said it… March 14, 2016 In "Metro"