ABUJA – Some key aides attached to the First Lady, Hajiya Aisha Buhari, have reportedly been arrested by personnel of the Nigerian Police. PRNigeria gathered that the aides were said to have been taken away by unidentified security operatives. It was however, gathered that the reason behind their arrest was still shrouded in secrecy, though PRNigeria was told by a dependable source in the Villa that those whisked away may include key security details of the President’s wife. The reliable source, further disclosed that the tension rocking the seat of power’, and midwifed by the sudden arrest of the First Lady’s aides is not unconnected to the ‘power-play game’ between an aide to Mr. President and his wife, Aisha. In a Twitter post on Friday, the First Lady, called on the Inspector-General of Police (IGP) to immediately order the release of her close security details. Aisha’s post, which came after a series of tweets on COVID-19 on a day Nigeria observes the Democracy Day, reads: “…Finally, I call on the IGP to release my assigned Staff who are still in the custody of the Police in order to avoid putting their lives in danger or exposure to Covid-19 while in their custody.” (PRNigeria) A scandal is brewing within the household of President Muhammadu Buhari. His wife, Aisha, has caused the arrest of her own Aide De Camp, after accusing him of defrauding her, those familiar with the matter have told PREMIUM TIMES. The president’s wife is alleging that Sani Baba-Inna, a chief superintendent… September 25, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Joseph Edeh   Abuja - The Department of State Services (DSS) said it had returned Mr Sani Baba-Inna, Aide-de-Camp (ADC) to Wife of the President, Aisha Buhari, to the Police. Mr Peter Afunanya, Public Relations Officer of the service disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja. The… December 27, 2018 In "News" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, has claimed that First Lady, Aisha Buhari, has chased Garba Shehu, President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Assistant on Media and Publicity out of Aso Rock. This comes after Reno Omokri, former aide to ex-president Goodluck Jonathan also claimed that Garba… May 13, 2020 In "Politics"