A Nigerian man has been confirmed dead after falling off the 9th floor of his apartment in Indonesia while hiding from immigration officers. The Nigerian man identified simply as Chike, resides at Gading Nias apartment in Kelapa Garden Central Jakarta, Indonesia. It was gathered that he tried to escape after being told that immigration officers were on their way. Other Nigerians who reside in the apartment rushed him to the hospital where he was confirmed dead this morning, June 24. Here is a video from the scene of the incident below; running from Immigration officers in Indonesia this morning. . . The Nigerian man whose identity is yet to be disclosed, resides in the 27-floor Gading Nias apartment in Kelapa Garden Central Jakarta Indonesia. .  He heard Immigration officers were coming and tried to escape. He however fell from his window where he was hiding. . . Other Nigerians who reside in the apartment rushed him to the hospital where he died. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jun 24, 2020 at 4:21am PDT Source A Lebanese identified as Hamza Koudeih and two others suspected to be accomplices of Dubai-based Nigerian social media celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha a.k.a Mompha have been arrested by men of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).  Operatives of the anti-graft agency arrested Koudeih after a three-hour stand-off at his N1.8… October 29, 2019 In "Metro" The wife of a 34-year-old Nigerian PhD student, Thomas Orhions Ewansiha, has lamented the death of her husband in the Bukit Jalil detention centre earlier this week. In a video currently circulating on the social media, the mournful wife of the deceased who was in tears, wondered why her husband… July 13, 2019 In "News" A man and his girlfriend have fallen from the 9th floor of a building while they were busy having s*x.   A woman has been killed after falling from the ninth floor of a block of flats in Russia while having s*x - but her partner survived after landing on top… July 17, 2019 In "Relationship"