By Christian Njoku  Calabar  –  The Cross River Deputy Governor, Prof. Ivara Esu, has tasked the state’s steering committee on Agro Processing, Productive Enhancement and Livelihood Improvement Support (APPEALS) project to ensure speedy completion of the projects. Esu who gave the charge at a closed door meeting with members of the committee in his office in Calabar on Friday, said the committee should try to meet up the World Bank’s implementation target. The deputy governor expressed displeasure at the slow and poor performance of the APPEALS project in the state so far, said that other states had gone ahead of Cross River. He noted that the state was known for taking the lead in agro-programmes in the country. According to him, the committee, meeting for the second time only since it took off in October 2018, is not good enough for the state. “The project which is very important was designed to come to a close within six years and it took-off in 2017. We have already spent one year since we started only for preparations. “The world bank APPEALS project has been dealing with very important value chain crops including cocoa, rice, maize and poultry which are crops needed to feed the major industries the state government has set up. “You have to brace up to meet the target of the implementation of the World Bank project in the state,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some of those present at the meeting were the Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Okon Owuna and the Commissioner for Commerce, Mrs Rosemary Archibong. Others included the Commissioner for International Donor Corporation, Dr. Inyang Asibong and the representative of the Commissioner for Finance, Mr. Ben Olom. (NAN) Calabar - Cross River Deputy Governor, Prof. Ivara Esu, has invited the Minister for Works, Power and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, to visit the state to appraise the poor state of federal roads. Esu extended the invitation on Thursday while addressing members of the South-south Solidarity Forum, Cross River chapter,… July 28, 2016 In "News" Calabar - The Cross River chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday inaugurated a seven-man zoning committee for the forthcoming state congress. The Chairman of the party, Mr John Okon, said during the inauguration in Calabar that the committee became necessary to ensure equity, justice and fair-play during… April 14, 2016 In "Politics" Akpabuyo (Cross River) - The Cross River Government says it has begun the rehabilitation of Calabar-Akpabuyo-Bakassi road to facilitate the movement of people in the area. The Dep. Governor of the state, Prof. Ivara Esu, said this on Monday while inspecting the level of work on the road. Esu said… August 18, 2015 In "News"