Emeritus Professor Oladipo Akinkugbe is dead. Akinkugbe, who was a foremost Nigerian Professor of Medicine at the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan, died at the capital city on Monday at 86 years. He studied and taught at some of the world’s most prestigious universities, including the University of London, Balliol College, University of Oxford England and Harvard Medical School Boston, USA. He was Chairman, Vesta Healthcare Partners and Chairman of the Presidential Projects Implementation Committee (PPIC) on refurbishing of Teaching Hospitals in Nigeria. He was also a chairman of the Board of Management of University College Hospital Ibadan, Nigeria and one-time Chairman of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board. He also served as Pro-Chancellor, University of Port Harcourt; was a former Vice-Chancellor, Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) Zaria; a former Vice Chancellor, University of Ilorin; and a former Dean of the Faculty of Medicine, University of Ibadan. Before hanging the stethoscope, Akinkugbe He practised medicine for 60 years. During the period, he pioneered the establishment of two critical clinics, one in hypertension and the other in renal disorders at the UCH, Ibadan. Both clinics were firsts in Africa. After retirement, Akinkugbe established his own clinic, the Ibadan Hypertension Clinic, which he managed for 20 years. A source privy to his death told The Nation that he died quietly in a private residence in Ibadan. The family is yet to make an official statement. The Nation Ibadan - Prof. Oladipo Akinkugbe, the Chairman of Board of Trustees of Nigeria Society for Information Arts and Culture (NSIAC), has called on Nigerians to celebrtate their great men and women. Akinkugbe, who is Emeritus Professor of Medicine and Education, made the call in an inteview with the News Agency of Nigeria… December 9, 2015 In "News" By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan --  The Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole, and other eminent Nigerians on Thursday in Ibadan paid tributes to an emeritus professor of medecine, Oluwole Akande, who clocked 80 years. They spoke at a symposium organised by a Committee of Mentees to celebrate the 80th birthday… December 20, 2018 In "News" ...Begs NASS to Suspend Amendment Act ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) - The registrar of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), Professor Is-haq Olanrewaju Oloyede, has appealed to the federal government to revert to old system whereby serving vice chancellors of universities were appointed chairmen of the governing board of JAMB… October 16, 2016 In "Education"