By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba –  Shell Development Company of Nigeria Ltd. (SPDC) on Wednesday donated a machine capable of conducting one thousand tests daily for Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic to Delta Government. The company also donated an ambulance vehicle, suction machine and other critical items needed to make an isolation centre functional to complement the efforts of Delta Government to increase testing for COVID-19 cases. Presenting the items, Mr Osagie Okumbor, the Managing Director of SPDC and country Chair, Shell Companies in Nigeria in Asaba, said Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa’s administration had shown great commitment in the fight against the pandemic in the state. Okumbor, represented by Mr Evans Krukrubo, Stakeholders Manager of the company, said that Delta Government deserved support from SPDC, acknowledging that the company had also received a lot of supports from the government and people of the state. He said the state government had showcased that “when you want to know what ease of doing business is, you have to come to Delta. “The excellency’s leadership of the state’s response to the spread of COVID-19 enables us to keep hope alive that we shall tame and overcome this challenge. “The SPDC, in conjunction with our joint venture partners – NNPC, TEPN and NAOC – remain committed to supporting government’s efforts at managing the pandemic and recognise, as a key gap, the absence of adequate testing capability globally and in Nigeria. “We are today presenting the state with COVID-19 compatible PCR machine and extraction kits for one thousand tests as well as other critical equipment to operationalise the COVID-19 isolation centre. “The PCR machine is approved by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to deliver COVID-19 molecular screening tests. “We are also donating critical care hospital beds and mattresses, ICU-ambulance, defibrillation, suction machines, infra-red thermometers, respiratory nebulisers, hospital grade oxygen cylinders and oxygen concentration. “Others are face masks, nitrite procedure gloves, surgical face mask, gum boots, disposable high-tech overall, DuPont Tychem 2000, goggle and face shields and hand sanitizer,” Okumbor said. Receiving the equipment, the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mr Chiedu Ebie, thanked the donors for complementing the government’s efforts in the fight against the pandemic. Ebie said Okowa’s administration had shown great commitment to curb COVID-19 pandemic, adding that while great efforts were made to provide adequate care for the victims, measures were also put in place to check the spread of the virus. “These are very tough times for everybody and one thing that I can assure you here in Delta is that from the very beginning, we took COVID-19 very seriously. “The governor chairs the committee and we meet periodically to review our activities, and we have tried as much as possible to make available facilities for the treatment and management of COVID-19 patients. “We are committed to providing the right kind of care for those that have the virus and this PCR machine will enable us to increase testing; we will deploy this immediately as it means that we will be doing more testing. “We will be more aggressive in our contact-tracing to treat those who are infected,” Ebie said. (NAN) …Targets Youths, Communities In Robust Community Development Portfolio (Sundiata Post) -- The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC), operator of the SPDC Joint Venture, has restated its active presence in Delta State against the belief in some quarters that the multinational energy firm has pulled out of the… May 28, 2018 In "Business" Mrs Toyosi Akerele-Ogunsiji, Chairperson, COVID-19 Task Force of the Victims Support Fund handing over food items and PPEs to Chief Clement Maleghemi on behalf of the Olu of Warri, Ogiame Ikenwoli – photo NAN By Edeki Igafe Warri (Delta) - The COVID-19 Task Force of the Victims Support Fund (VSF)… May 23, 2020 In "News" By Edeki Igafe Warri (Delta) - Prophet Jeremiah Fufeyin, General Overseer, Christ Mercyland Deliverance Ministry, Effurun, Delta, on Friday donated items worth millions of Naira to the state government. Fufeyin donated the items through his foundation, “Jeremiah Omoto Fufeyin Foundation” at the church premises. Items donated were: Hand sanitisers, Nose… April 3, 2020 In "News"