A 21-year-old, female student of the Federal University Of Oye Ekiti (FUOYE), who visited her boyfriend at his hostel in Osun state polytechnic, Iree, has been found dead. According to VOICEAIRMEDIA, the lady has been identified as Faderera Oloyede. The deceased was found dead in her boyfriend’s house at Koko area in Iree community, Boripe local government area, Osun State. The boyfriend has also been identified as Maliki Ayo who is a student of Osun State Polytechnic, Iree. According to an eyewitness, who pleaded to remain anonymous, the deceased came in company of her lady friend to visit one Malik who is on the run. Confirming the story, the Osun State Police Command Public Relations Officer, Opalola Yemisi said the corpse has been taken to Lautech Morgue for autopsy. It was gathered that men of Nigeria police evacuated the corpse of the deceased from where it was dumped for proper investigation. Yemisi disclosed that the Course mate that went with her, Adekemi Adewumi has been arrested and confessed they all ate food ‘rice’ together overnight. She however said that the the police are currently investigating on the matter. Watch video below: Source LAGOS - The corpse of missing Favour Daley-Oladele, a 400 level student of Theatre Arts at the Lagos State University, LASU, Ojo, has been recovered in a shallow grave in Ogun State, two weeks after her disappearance. The deceased was said to have left her parents’ abode in Mowe area… December 29, 2019 In "Top Stories" •File a statement OSOGBO - A 30-year-old single mother, identified simply as Yetunde, has reportedly died during an illegal abortion performed on her by a quack in Ikirun, Osun State, the Punch reports. The lifeless body of the deceased was recovered by the roadside in the Idi Isin area of… April 17, 2020 In "Metro" A final year student of the Imo State University, Blessing Amam, was on Monday found dead alongside her lover, identified as Emeka in her hostel in Umudagu-Mbieri, Mbaitoli Local Government Area of the state. Southern City News reported on Tuesday that the deceased student was a final year student in… June 27, 2018 In "Metro"