Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has suspended all resident medical doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and lab technicians, on government payroll, with immediate effect, PM News reports. The suspension affects the staff at the General Hospital in Ngala town. They abandoned patients to an International NGO, fhi360. Ngala, which was liberated from insurgents in 2015 is the Headquarters of Ngala Local Government Area with an international land route into Cameroon, Chad, Sudan and Central Africa. Zulum’s spokesman, Mallam Isa Gusau, in a statement said the development followed a surprise visit to the hospital by the governor. To Zulum’s shock, he met only the NGO staff attending to many patients mostly Internally Displaced Persons that besieged the hospital. “The governor was disappointed to find out that inspite of the high turn-out of patients, not one of the many government paid staff, from doctors down to clerical staff, was at the hospital as at 11am,” Gusau said. He explained that the governor was received at the hospital by the Field Coordinator of the fhi 360. Gusau quoted Zulum as saying: “This is a General Hospital belonging to Borno State Government. “Unfortunately there is no single state government staff here to attend to all these patients, and we promptly pay all of them salaries. “These humanitarian workers from the iNGO (fhi360) are supposed to complement the state government staff but not to completely take over the hospital. “I am directing the Borno State Hospitals Management Board, if there is any staff on the payroll of this Hospital, to immediately suspend all the workers on government payroll. “I will be back to this hospital, hoping to see the opposite of what I saw today,” Gusau quoted Zulum as saying. While in Ngala the governor also visited three schools and ordered the rehabilitation of classrooms destroyed by insurgents. He also announced plans to resettle displaced persons in neighbouring communities of Logumani and Gajibo  By Hadiza Mohammed-Aliyu The issue of decaying, obsolete, unserviceable and in some cases the lack of basic equipment in hospitals and clinics across the country has forced many patients to seek for help for their health conditions from other sources or remain helpless. Equipment such as chemotherapy and dialysis machines,… January 26, 2020 In "Health" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has disbursed N100 million to 10,000 households displaced by flood in Rann, Kala Balge Local Government Area of the state. Mr Isa Gusau, the Special Adviser on Public Relations and Strategy to the governor, disclosed in a statement on Wednesday… February 19, 2020 In "Politics" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Prof. Ahmed Ahidjo, Chief Medical Director (CMD), University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH), has advocated collaborative support for the hospital to enhance quality healthcare delivery in the North-east. Ahidjo made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in… April 18, 2019 In "News"