Manchester (UK)  –  Manchester City’s Phil Foden and Riyad Mahrez scored two goals apiece as the hosts crushed a woeful Burnley 5-0 in the English Premier League (EPL) at The Etihad stadium on Monday. Manchester City showed their impressive strength in depth, making eight changes but were still too strong for the visitors. The win leaves second-placed City 20 points behind runaway league leaders Liverpool with eight games remaining. Burnley manager Sean Dyche could only name seven of the allowed nine substitutes, two of them goalkeepers, with his inexperienced bench without four regulars who have not signed contract extensions and it was a long night for the Clarets. Phil Foden opened the scoring in the 22nd minute, drilling a low shot past keeper Nick Pope after a short-corner routine. Riyad Mahrez made it 2-0 with a superb finish, collecting a long pass from Fernandinho and then jinking past the Burnley defence before firing home. City made it 3-0 just before the break when a VAR review ruled that Burnley’s Ben Mee had fouled Sergio Aguero inside the box and, while the Argentine striker went off injured, Mahrez converted from the spot. Burnley’s defending was then sloppy at a corner again, with Foden left free to cleverly pick out Bernardo Silva who put a ball across the face of goal for David Silva to slide home six minutes into the second half. The outstanding Foden made it 5-0 in the 63rd minute, finishing off a sweeping counter-attack. (Reuters/NAN) London -   Liverpool maintained their finest start to any season, earning a sixth straight Premier League win 3-0 over Southampton as Manchester City returned to form with a dazzling 5-0 win at Cardiff City on Saturday. On a day when Manchester United welcomed former manager Alex Ferguson back to… September 22, 2018 In "Sports" ZAGREB - Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus netted a superb hat-trick as they came from behind to beat Croatian title holders Dinamo Zagreb 4-1 away in an entertaining Champions League Group C clash on Wednesday. City, who had already secured the group’s top spot, finished with 14 points from six… December 12, 2019 In "Sports" Cardiff (UK) -   Sergio Aguero marked his 300th appearance for Manchester City with a familiar landmark goal to set the resurgent Premier League champions on their way to a magnificent 5-0 win at Cardiff City on Saturday. Aguero helped City rebound in emphatic fashion after their worst performance of… September 22, 2018 In "Sports"