UMUAHIA – The Governor of Abia State, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) The state Commissioner for Information, John Okiyi Kali, confirmed this in a statement. According to him, the result of the second test conducted on Thursday, returned positive. The statement reads: “Recall that on Saturday, 30th May, 2020, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu volunteered his sample for COVID-19 test and subsequently directed members of the state Executive Council (EXCO) and those of the inter ministerial committee on COVID-19 to submit themselves for the same test. On Tuesday, 2nd June, 2020. The result of Governor Ikpeazu’s test returned negative. “On Thursday, 4th June, 2020, the Governor submitted another sample at the Nigeria Center For Disease Control (NCDC) laboratory for confirmation and the result returned positive. “As a result, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu has gone into isolation, as required by relevant NCDC protocols, and he is being managed by a competent team of medical practitioners with a view to nursing him back to good health. “Consequent on the above, the Governor has directed his Deputy, Rt Hon Ude Oko Chukwu, to act on his behalf pending his full resumption of duties. “We wish to urge all Abians to take the fight against COVID-19 serious as the disease is real but not a death sentence. Our state has the resources to manage patients back to good health.” Previously, three governors namely Bala Mohammed (Bauchi), Seyi Makinde (Oyo), Nasir el-Rufai (Kaduna) had earlier tested positive for the virus and recovered. Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, his wife, Mrs Nkechi Ikpeazu, their children and all members of Abia’s first family have tested negative to COVID -19, following the release of results of their samples taken on Saturday, 30th May, 2020. This comes after two aides of the governor tested positive… June 3, 2020 In "Politics" Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State, his wife Nkechi, and their children have tested negative for COVID -19 just as two of his aides have tested positive for the virus. A statement released by the state governor says the test was carried out on his family and aides on Saturday,… June 3, 2020 In "Politics" The Governor of Abia State, Okezie Ikpeazu will self-isolate after directing members of his inter-ministerial committee on COVID-19, who came in contact with late Dr. Solomon Ogunji to undergo tests and self-isolate too. The latest move comes after family members of Ogunji tested positive for coronavirus. The directive is contained… June 1, 2020 In "Politics"