Daddy Freeze has questioned why Funke Akindele and Naira Marley were sanctioned for breaking social distancing guidelines, whereas the crowd at Abiola Ajimobi’s funeral were allowed to get away with doing same. The OAP took to Instagram to share a viral video showing guests shoving themselves as they struggled for food at the late ex-governor’s Fidau prayer in Ibadan, Oyo state. He asked if Nigeria is becoming a “reincarnation” of George Orwell’s Animal Farm where some people are more equal than others Freeze captioned the video: Ajumobi’s alleged funeral…. May his soul Rest In Peace However I can’t see any visible social distancing, face masks or any form of protection. If Na Naira Marley now or Funke Akindele, na another thing we go dey hear. Are we becoming a reincarnation of George Orwell’s animal farm where all animals are equal but some are more equal than others? ~FRZ #Just asking Daddy Freeze See Video Below; Guests struggle for food at former governor, Abiola Ajimobi's Fidau prayer in Ibadan, Oyo state today June 28. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jun 28, 2020 at 8:53am PDT Source Nigerians have criticized Funke Akindele and her husband JJC Skillz for organising his 43rd birthday party with a group of people despite the Coronavirus pandemic. The birthday party took place on Saturday at their home in Amen Estate with singer Naira Marley in attendance. In a video that has gone… April 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele is back and she is spreading the word on the importance of maintaining social distancing in the fight against Coronavirus. Earlier this month, Funke Akindele got into trouble after throwing a house party to celebrate her husband JJC Skillz birthday with over 20 people in attendance,… April 20, 2020 In "Entertainment" By reporters Ikeja - An Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday Sentenced Nollywood star, Funke Akindele, and her husband, AbdulRasheed Bello, to 14 days community service each for violating social distancing regulation of Lagos State. The couple had admitted guilt before Chief Magistrate Yewande Aje-Afunwa during arraignment on Monday. Aje-Afunwa… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"