The Abuja division of the Court of Appeal on Tuesday affirmed the suspension of the National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole by the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. In a unanimous judgment, a three-man panel of the appellate court dismissed Oshiomhole’s appeal as lacking in merit. Justice Danlami Senchi of the High Court had issued an injunctive order suspending Oshiomhole as the APC National Chairman pending the determination of a substantive suit. The Senchi, gave the order following an application of interlocutory injunction asking the court to suspend Mr Oshiomhole, having been suspended as a member of the APC by the party in Edo State. The application was filed by an applicant, Oluwale Afolabi. While Mr Oshiomhole is the first respondent, the APC is the second respondent. Mr Afolabi in his application dated and filed on January 16 had contended that Mr Oshiomhole is currently suspended by the party and has not challenged the suspension. According to Mr Afolabi, Mr Oshiomhole’s rights as an APC member is currently abated and he cannot continue to act as chairman of the party. He argued that Mr Oshiomhole cannot continue to enjoy benefits from the APC, despite his suspension as a member of the party. Details later… Sun News Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A Federal Capital Territory (FCT) High Court in Jabi on Wednesday ordered the suspension of the National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, pending the determination of a substantive suit. The judge, Danlami Senchi, gave the order following an application of interlocutory injunction… March 4, 2020 In "Top Stories" Just before the Court of Appeal in Abuja on Monday nullified the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, it has been revealed that governors, who were opposed to Oshiomhole, at a meeting in Abuja, engaged in a shouting match with their colleagues supporting… March 17, 2020 In "Politics" The Court of Appeal in Abuja has scheduled hearing for Monday (March 16) in the appeal by the National Chairman Adams Oshiomhole against his suspension. Oshiomhole is, by his appeal, seeking among others, the reversal of his suspension by a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Justice Danlami… March 12, 2020 In "News"