Olakunle Churchill, a former husband to Tonto Dikeh, a Nollywood actress, has aimed a thinly-veiled dig at his ex-wife on Father’s Day. The entrepreneur, 37, took to his Instagram page on Sunday where he penned his words in celebration of men who not only fathered children but also care for young kids whom they had encountered. He also urged single parents not to use their “children as tools of jealousy due to broken relationships.” “Happy Fathers’ Day to all the fathers in the world. A father is a father irrespective of marital challenges,” he captioned a picture of himself and Andre, his son whom he shares with Dikeh. “A father is not only by way of giving birth to a child, but by way of taking care of children around you, and children around the world who are in need. “I pray for all the fathers in the world that your child/children will not be used as a tool of jealousy, because of broken relationships like it’s done in the old era. “As I celebrate this day, I pray this won’t be the era when single parenting ends up affecting a child/ children’s mentality thereby confusing them. This is a new Era and things have changed. “Relax, you’ll reconnect with your child at the right time. You are a father! We Are fathers! I am a father! Happy Father’s Day to you!” Happy Fathers' Day to all the fathers in the world. A father is a father irrespective of marital challenges. A father is not only by way of giving birth to a child; but by way of taking care of children around you, and children around the world who are in need. I pray for all the fathers in the world that your child/children will not be used as a  tool of jealousy, because of broken relationships like it's done in the old Era.  As I celebrate this day, I pray this won't be the era when single parenting ends up affecting a child/ children’s mentality thereby confusing them. This is a new Era and things have changed. Relax, you'll reconnect with your child at the right time.  You Are A father! We Are Fathers!! I Am A Father!!! Happy Father's Day To You! A post shared by  Olakunle Churchill (@olakunlechurchill) on Jun 21, 2020 at 2:26am PDT The post appeared to be in reaction to the Father’s Day message by Dikeh in which she claimed to have been raising their son alone. “Happy Fathers’ Day to me because I have done it all by myself and aced it anyways… Dearest son @Kingandre_dikeh being your dad has been a great honour. Thanks for making me, Mr Mum,” she had earlier written. Happy Fathers Day TO ME BECAUSE I’VE DONE IT ALL BY MYSELF AND ACED IT ANYWAYS.. Actions prove who someone is.. Words just prove who they want to be…  DEAREST SON @kingandre_dikeh, BEING YOUR DAD HAS BEEN A GREAT HONOR.. THANKS FOR MAKING ME MR MOM I LOVE YOU KIDDO . . #MR MOM #KINGTONTO #TONTODIKEH  #MAMADE’PAPA A post shared by  KING-Tonto Dikeh (@tontolet) on Jun 21, 2020 at 12:16am PDT Source In a round of new videos, Tonto Dikeh has opened up on her failed relationship with Lagos big boy, Oladunni Olakunle Churchill.  Controversial Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh is not done dragging her ex-husband, Olakunle Churchill, as she has granted a new explosive interview. Unlike her other interviews, this time she… May 1, 2019 In "Entertainment" Olakunle Churchill, Ex-Husband of Nollywood actress,Tonto Dikeh has sued her for defamation. Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh has been sued by her ex-husband Olakunle Churchill over her explosive interview in May 2019. Olakunle Churchill who referenced the three-part YouTube series titled ‘The Evidence’ which was shared in May 2019, said his… February 17, 2020 In "Entertainment" Olakunle Churchill, the controversial ex husband of Instagram drama queen Tonto Dikeh, celebrated his 'pumpkin'on June 9th,the same day his ex wife also celebrated her birthday…..Their mutual followers called him out saying he was so obsessed with his ex that he had to get someone with the same birth date…… June 10, 2019 In "Relationship"