ABUJA – Alhaji Abdullahi Bello Bodejo, national president of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association,  has denied the claim that he said Nigeria belonged to the Fulani. He said in a statement released to journalists on Sunday, that it was a lie, concocted by the enemies of the Fulani people. In the statement entitled ‘REFUTING NEWS REPORTS’, Bodejo said his attention was drawn to a news report making the rounds in the social media to the effect that as National President of Miyetti Allah he made claims that “Nigeria is a Fulbe country and that the Fulbe can enter anywhere without permission. “And that the Fulbe are also raising 100,000 militiamen to enforce their will on every community in this country.” “I want to state clearly and unequivocally that this news report is a blatant fabricated lie. It is actually the enemies of the Fulbe people that are at it again, as always, concocting such insidious and malicious falsehood against our people for their diabolical agenda against the Nigerian state. ” “No doubt I was asked by the Sun Newspaper to react on the formation of Amotekun and my response was that every ethnic group has the inalienable right to defend itself against any aggression, including the Fulbe. That Fulbe will pursue their legitimate business anywhere in Nigeria as the country is as much their inheritance as it is of other groups.” “I further said the Fulbe will also form their vigilante groups if necessary, to ward off any threat against our people and against the incessant cattle rustlings that our people have been suffering for decades without respite from government and other communities.” “For example, more than 804 Fulbe were murdered in cold blood in June, 2017 and more than 10,000 of their cattle killed by Mambila militias in Taraba State, continuous killing of our people and stealing and rustling their cattle in Plateau, Southern Kaduna, Benue, Zamfara with no arrest against the perpetrators.” Bodejo said the act was part of sustained propaganda and hate speech against the Fulani Pastoralists by tribal champions and ethnic bigots. “This is essentially what l said to the Sun Newspaper. But I am surprised that I did not see this report on the media I spoke to but it went distortedly viral on some other social media. Miyetti Allah refutes this news report and condemns the inherent mischief by the enemies of the Fulbe for this diabolical act. With or without Miyetti Allah, the Fulbe have the ability, capacity and right to defend themselves in Nigeria and indeed anywhere. Let those who wish this our great country ill to look for other means but leave the Fulbe alone. We have enough of our problems without adding salt to injury,” he said. (The Citizen) Bello Abdullahi Bodejo, President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, has warned against any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Speaking with The Sun, Bodejo said the eyes of the Fulanis all over the country were ‘opened,’ stressing that Buhari was hated because of them. According to… February 3, 2018 In "News" A civil rights advocacy group, Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA), has challenged the over 250 ethnic groups in the country to deploy lawful methods to defend their rights to life by collectively confronting the terrorism unleashed on the Nigerian space by armed Fulani herdsmen and Miyetti Allah Cattle… November 4, 2019 In "News" Miyetti Allah Kautel Hore President Abdullahi Bodejo National President of Miyetti Allah Kautel Hore socio-cultural organisation, Abdullahi Bodejo, has said that the arrest of some Fulani leaders over the recent crisis in Plateau State where about 20 persons were killed, was discriminatory. Bodejo said in an interview that if the… February 22, 2020 In "Interview"