By Toba Ajayi Ilorin  –  Mrs Felicia Bamidele, an educationist in Ilorin, Kwara, says sex education is not enough to protect the girl child from sexual assault in Nigeria.Bamidele, Proprietress of Great Ideas Nursery and Primary School, Ilorin stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) in Ilorin on Thursday.She said sex education without strict government actions would not prevent the girl child from consistent sexual assault in the country.“Governments must be strict and ensure harsh punishment for sex offenders. We don’t even mind jungle justice at this point to save our girls from rapists.“We cannot pretend everything is fine. We cannot continue to advocate or rely on sex education as a tool or solution to girls’ safety.“It is happening everyday in our society. Tough decisions and actions must be taken by government at all levels to save the girl child from consistent sexual assaults and harassments,” she said.The proprietress however, called on rape victims to voice out and stop pretending when they were being abused.“Speak out when you are sexually harassed. Parents must also speak out for their girl child and stop pretending nothing happenEd. Let us wipe out evil doers among us,” she said. (NAN) Lagos  -  An Educationist, Mrs Abimbola Whenayon, on Monday called for stiffer penalties, including death, against rapists and those engaged in other forms of sexual abuse and violence against children in the country. Whenayon, who heads the Head of Department of Education, Ojokoro Local Council Development Area, Ijaye, made the… April 19, 2016 In "News" By Katy Migiro NAIROBI - The schoolboy watched as a man tried to remove the nappy of a little girl he was dragging along a Nairobi riverbank, suspecting that he was going to rape her. Having been trained to defend girls against sexual assault, the boy called other young men… March 24, 2015 In "Foreign" The National Child Welfare Policy (1989) defines the girl-child as a girl below the age of 14 years. Education experts say this period is made up of infancy, childhood, early and late adolescence stages of development. The girl-child is, therefore, seen as a young girl who is expected to mature… February 18, 2016 In "News"