A 14-year-old girl, on Tuesday, told an FCT High Court in Kubwa, how her grandfather’s 21-year-old caregiver, Godwin Onuminya raped her. Onuminya is being prosecuted by the police on a one-count charge of rape. The girl (name withheld), a JSS three student, who resides at Kubwa, Abuja was led in evidence by the prosecution counsel, Adama Musa. According to her, she returned home from school at 1 pm and entered her room to remove her school uniform on November 4, 2019. She said: “While trying to wear my trouser, Onuminya, quickly entered my room and held my leg, I tried to shout, but he covered my mouth and nose, thereby suffocating me. “I hit him with my left elbow, then he pushed me on the bed, I struggled with him and heard a crack on my neck while he twisted it, and I fell unconscious.” The girl also said when she opened her eyes, she found herself in Pison Hospital, Kubwa and saw her uncle, Mr. Joseph James and Onuminya standing. She continued: “I felt pains on my private part, my neck and all over my body. The nurses asked me if I could remember what happened, then Onuminya winked at me and signaled me with his hands to keep quiet. “I noticed blood on my pant and my pink trousers, and I saw a drip on my hand, so I asked the nurses why I was bleeding from my private part, and they confirmed that I was raped.” The girl further said she was transferred to Police Hospital, Dei-dei, where she was examined by a doctor, and her blood samples were taken. According to her, she was taken home by a relative and wrote her statement at the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID), FCT Command on November 5. However, when asked by the prosecution counsel, during cross-examination, where the blood-stained underwear and trouser were and how many persons were in her house when she was raped. In response, the girl said her trouser and underwear are with the police. She also said that Onuminya and her grandfather were the only people at home. She said: “My grandfather had a mild stroke in 2018 and needed assistance to walk, so Onuminya aids him.” Justice Kezziah Ogbonnaya, however, adjourned the matter until June 17 for a continuation of trial. The Nation IBADAN — A 23-year-old National Diploma, ND, student of Mass Communication Department, Ibarapa Polytechnic, yesterday, narrated how she was raped under a tree by one of the security men attached to Operation Burst set up by Governor Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State to check criminality in the state. The incident… September 9, 2014 In "News" The mother of a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was allegedly abducted by a three-man kidnap syndicate recently, Mrs Ukamaka Onyechi, was terribly alarmed when she got a call from her daughter’s guardian in school decrying her absence several days after school had resumed. At first, the rattled mother found the message… February 23, 2020 In "Metro" By Edith Nwapi Abuja - A 14 year- old victim of rape on Thursday told an FCT High Court Maitama that Pastor Emmanuel Matthew of the Winners Chapel raped her when she was seven-years-old in 2012. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the defendant is also the Proprietor… March 7, 2019 In "Metro"