Addis Ababa –   Ethiopia’s parliament approved on Wednesday an extra year in office for Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed after August elections were postponed. The approval is coming two days after a leading opposition politician resigned as speaker of its upper house in apparent protest at the delay. The upper house also voted for a resolution that extends the terms of federal and regional lawmakers and the executive branch of the government for between nine and 12 months, house spokesman Gebru Gebreslassie said. According to Gebru, the elections will go ahead within that period, once health authorities determine that the coronavirus is no longer a threat to public health. Ethiopia had recorded a total of 2,336 cases of COVID-19 and 32 deaths by Wednesday. Keria Ibrahim, who quit as speaker on Monday, is a top official of the Tigray People’s Liberation Front (TPLF), which opposed the decision taken in March to delay the elections due to the pandemic. The extension of Abiy’s term beyond September is likely to escalate a growing rift between his government and the TPLF, which has threatened to hold its own elections in the Tigray region, home to one of Ethiopia’s most influential ethnic groups. “If they (TPLF) reject this plan … protests or election boycotts could become a reality, reducing the chances of successful competitive polls in 2021,” said William Davison, senior analyst for Ethiopia at the International Crisis Group think-tank. “That would mean more political instability and undermine the planned democratic transition.” Abiy took power in Africa’s second most populous country in 2018 and has since rolled out a series of reforms allowing greater freedoms in what had long been one of the continent’s most repressive states. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2019. But the changes have made it possible for long-held grievances against decades of harsh rule to resurface, and emboldened regional power-brokers such as the TPLF to seek more power for their ethnic groups. (Reuters/NAN) London - British Prime Minister Theresa May  will on Wednesday head to Brussels for an emergency meeting of the European Council at which other EU leaders are expected to extend the Brexit deadline. May has requested to delay Britain’s EU departure from Friday till June 30, while European Council President… April 10, 2019 In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) – In a democracy, lawmaking is regarded as one of the earnest pursuits. Like old wine, legislators mature the longer they serve. While new legislators bring fresh ideas, experience matters when it comes to crafting legislative proposals. Frequent kicking out of popular and competent lawmakers ultimately results… June 5, 2019 In "Top Stories" Kuala Lumpur    -       Malaysia’s opposition-led Senate blocked an effort to repeal a law against “fake news” on Wednesday, presenting the first major challenge for the new government of Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad. Mahathir, 93, secured a stunning election win in May, ending the decade-long rule of former premier Najib Razak… September 12, 2018 In "Foreign"