The police in Zamfara have confirmed the arrest of a 25-year-old man, Aminu Bala, for allegedly raping and killing his elder brother’s wife in Gusau. SP Mohammed Shehu, the command spokesperson while parading the suspect on Monday, said Bala had already confessed to the crime. Shehu said the suspect hailed from Damaga village of Maradun Local Government area of the state. He said, “the Tudun Wada Area Command, Gusau on June 15, at about 04.30 hours, received a distress call from Damba quarters of Gusau metropolis that the suspect had killed his brother’s wife. “The police immediately rushed to the scene and discovered the victim, Hauwa’u Iliyasu in the pool of her own blood having suffered from multiple machete cuts. “She was then taken to the Yariman Bakura Specialist Hospital, Gusau where she was certified dead by doctors.” The spokesman also said the police had contacted the victim’s husband, Kabiru Bala via phone call. ”He was not in the state, but told the police that the suspect had once threatened to kill the victim,” he said. Shehu said that the command was awaiting the arrival of the victim’s husband and his written statement which would form part of evidence before the suspect would be prosecuted in court. Hauwa’u left behind two children including, a nine-month-old baby. (NAN) By Ishaq Saki Gusau, Nov. 26, 2018 (NAN) The Zamfara Police Command on Monday, said it repelled an alleged planned attack on a community in Zamfara and recovered 11 assorted ammunitions from the suspects. The State Commissioner of Police, Mr Usman Belel, who made the disclosure at a news conference… November 26, 2018 In "Metro" By Ishaq Zaki Gusau -  The Zamfara state police command said it has arrested a suspected notorious bandit (name withheld) in Gurusu town in Bukkuyum local government area of the state. The Public Relations Officer of the Command, SP Muhammad Shehu stated this in a statement in Gusau on Saturday.… June 30, 2018 In "Metro" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau -   The Police in Zamfara have confirmed the killing of a staff of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in Gusau, Kabiru Zango by unknown gunmen. The Police Command Public Relations Officer, Muhammad Shehu said in a statement made available to journalists that Zango was shot… July 20, 2018 In "News"