By Muhammad Adam Yola  –  The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) has sealed a filling station in Yola for allegedly violating the Federal Government new petroleum pump price directive. Mr Sadeq Ibraheem, DPR’s Operations Controller in Yola, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the filling station was allegedly caught selling petrol at N125 per litre instead of the new price of N121.50 per litre. Ibraheem said that in spite of the warning and grace given to the marketers in the state to adjust their pump price, some failed to do so. “PPRA announced the reduction in the price of petrol from N125 to between N121:50 and N123: 00 per litre, depending on the landing cost. “A marketer is allowed to choose between the two approved prices. “But at this Conoil filling station in Yola town, the marketer has not complied with the Federal Government directive for the reduction in pump price of petrol,” he said. The operations controller said the marketer might be suspended from lifting products from NNPC depots or his operating licence might also be suspended or even revoked. (NAN) By Sunday John Lafia - Filling Stations in Lafia, Nasarawa state are still selling petrol at the old price in spite of the downward review of ex-depot price of the product from N113. 28k per litre to N108. 00K by the Petroleum Products Marketing Company (PPMC). A Correspondent of the… May 9, 2020 In "News" By Obinna Unaeze Minna - The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), in Niger has appealed to the State Government to extend the approved daily operational deadline given petroleum products marketers to sell fuel to motorists in the state. Alhaji Abdullahi Jankara, Operations Controller of DPR in the state made the… April 3, 2020 In "News" LAGOS - Most petroleum marketers operating in Ikorodu, a suburb of Lagos, have declined to sell petrol at N87 per litre, more than one week after the Federal Government and marketers resolved their outstanding subsidy payment issues. An investigation by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) showed that most petrol… June 1, 2015 In "Business"