By Segun Giwa Akure  –  An All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in Ondo State, Mr Olayide Adelami, has promised to address all the inadequacies impeding the efficient implementation of the state’s Child’s Rights Law, if elected into office.Adelami gave the promise in a statement issued on Tuesday in Akure to celebrate this year’s Day of the African Child.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Day, celebrated on June 16 of every year since 1991, was set aside to honour those who participated in the Soweto uprising in South Africa in 1976.Adelami assured that if elected, his administration would give full commitment to the welfare of children in the state.He also berated the Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu-led administration for not doing enough for orphans and the vulnerable children in the state since his assumption of office.“It is of note that the interest of the children, especially the vulnerable ones, must be important to any true leader to make the difference required.“I have it on good authority that in the last three years, the orphans and the less-privileged children in our state have got little attention from the government.“The orphanages in our states are not seen or heard of in the scheme of things.How many orphans do we have in the state? How many child-headed homes do we have? How many street kids and out-of-school kids do we have? These are not known because there is little commitment to them.“Today, Ondo State has 20 functional private orphanages, which the government doesn’t even consider for support, despite the great work they are doing.“In over three years, the state government has not given subvention to any of these orphanages, whereas in some other states, this kind of support comes on a monthly basis.“We are also aware that the government-owned Ondo State Children’s Home in Oba Ile has been surviving on donations from good-spirited Nigerians, as it sometimes wait for three months to receive funds from government,” he said.The former National Assembly Deputy Clerk also promised to domesticate the Violence Against Persons Prohibition Act in the state, if voted into office.“A government should be measured by its care for children. While the present government has paid lip service to the Violence Against Persons Prohibition Act, we as an administration will make it our priority to domesticate it, once elected.“How do we protect children from violence in the state, if there is no law set aside for that purpose?“The Child’s Rights Law, 2007 is not even being implemented with the required resources and manpower. This needs to change. We will bring the change,” he said.Adelami, while celebrating the children in the state, promised that his administration would give quality leadership to them, irrespective of which side of the divide they found themselves. (NAN) The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has directed that the Ondo State All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary should hold in Akure, the state capital, on July 20. Aspirants have since intensified their consultations mobilisation and virtual meetings, ahead of the exercise. The Unity Forum, a body of aggrieved stalwarts… June 10, 2020 In "Politics" Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains are warming up for next year’s governorship election in Ondo State. Correspondent DAMISI OJO writes on the scramble for power in the Sunshine State. Although the guidelines for next year’s governorship election in Ondo State are yet to be released… June 22, 2015 In "News" A pressure group within the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Ondo APC Mandate Group (OAMG), has threatened to work against the party should the party give Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu second term ticket in view of array of anti-party allegations against him. Addressing newsmen at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja… June 12, 2020 In "Politics"