The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation says the nation’s refineries generated a total revenue of N3.45bn in 2018 while salaries and other expenses gulped N160.13bn this year. Payment of salaries, wages and allowances to workers at the ailing refineries accounted for more than a third of the total expenses. The refineries, which are located in Port Harcourt, Kaduna and Warri, have a combined installed capacity of 445,000 barrels per day but have continued to operate far below the installed capacity. The Kaduna Refinery and Petrochemical Company Limited did not generate any revenue in the year under review but it incurred a total cost of N64.68bn, comprising N24.69bn direct cost and N39.99bn administrative expenses. Port Harcourt Refining Company Limited, which earned N1.46bn in 2018, said its processing and administrative expenses amounted to N48.07bn. For Warri Refining and Petrochemical Company Limited, N1.99bn was generated as revenue but its cost of sales and operating expenses was put at N47.38bn. Source Abuja - The House of Representatives on Wednesday mandated its Committees on Petroleum Resources, Upstream, and Downstream, to investigate the lingering crisis in the supply petroleum products in the country. This followed a motion moved by Rep. Omoregie Ogbeide-Ihama (PDP-Edo) which was unanimously adopted. Leading the debate, Ogbeide-Ihama said that Nigerians were… December 9, 2015 In "News" Abuja  - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), says Port Harcourt and Warri refineries have commenced preliminary production of petroleum products after successful test-runs. This is contained in a statement by the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division of NNPC, Mr Ohi Alegbe, in Abuja on Wednesday. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]… July 29, 2015 In "Business" ABUJA - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on Wednesday said the nation’s refineries would begin to operate optimally up to 90 per cent capacity by 2016. The Group Executive Director (GED), Refining and Petrochemicals, Mr Ian Udoh, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… February 19, 2015 In "Business"