Baba Tela, deputy governor of Bauchi state, has tested positive for COVID-19, TheCable reports. Mukhtar Gidado, one of the media aides of the governor, broke the news in a statement late Tuesday. Gidado said the deputy governor, who is also the chairman of the state task force on COVID-19, has gone into self-isolation. “This is to inform the General public that His Excellency Sen. Baba Tela, Deputy Governor of Bauchi State who is also the Chairman, State Task Force on COVID-19 was confirmed positive of Coronavirus,” the statement read. “Consequently, His Excellency Sen. Baba Tela has gone into self-isolation in Bauchi and health professionals are properly managing his situation. “Similarly, samples of all his primary contacts have been taken by the NCDC for test and they are advised to remain in isolation pending the outcome of their results. “He has gone into self-isolation in Bauchi and health professionals are properly managing his situation.” The development comes more than a month after Bala Mohammed, the governor, recovered from the disease after three weeks treatment. Nigeria currently has 10,819 COVID-19 cases, out of which Bauchi has 241. Source An unidentified patient, who tested positive for coronavirus in Bauchi, has fled from an isolation centre. Bauchi Deputy Governor, Sen. Baba Tela, who is the Chairman of the Taskforce Response Committee on Lassa Fever and Coronavirus, confirmed the development to newsmen at the Government House ,Bauchi , the state capital… May 6, 2020 In "News" BAUCHI - Bauchi State residents are alleging massive deaths from a ‘strange ailment’ in Azare, headquarters of Katagum Local Government Area of the state. About 301 people are feared dead in the last two weeks in the area, according to residents. Some suspect the strange ailment to be COVID-19 The… May 10, 2020 In "News" Bauchi State government has discharged four COVID-19 patients receiving treatment after testing negative twice for the virus in line with the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) procedure. The Deputy Governor, Sen Baba Tela, who doubles as the Chairman State Rapid Response Task Force on COVID-19 disclosed this to newsmen… April 16, 2020 In "News"