By Chukwuemeka Opara  Abakaliki  –   Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has directed the Nigerian Army and Police to take over Isinkwo-Ukawu and Abaomege communities of Onicha Local Government Area of the state and immediately restore law and order in both communities. The directive which is contained in a statement signed by Mr Uchenna Orji, the State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, on Sunday stated that the governor is saddened by developments in both communities. The statement said that the governor expressed dismay over the activities of the youth in both communities who resorted to taking ‘laws into their hands’ and inflicting injuries on the people because of land dispute. “The state government has henceforth taken over the disputed land effective from June 6, 2020, in line with the laws of the state. “The governor has directed the state Commissioner for Lands and Survey to immediately acquire the disputed land for the government, in overriding public interest,” the statement read. The statement added that Umahi further warned both communities to ‘pull out’ completely from the disputed land. “All concerned are to take this matter seriously,” the statement read. (NAN) News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that similar violence had erupted in Izzi recently where over seven houses were burnt at Amuzu villge in Igbeagu community of Izzi Local Government Area, over a village headship tussle. The crisis resulted in the arrest of no fewer than eight persons by the police including the traditional ruler. (NAN) ABI - The Cross River Government says it has taken over ownership of the farmland in dispute between the people of Usumutong and Ediba in Abi Local government area of the state. The Deputy Governor, Mr Efiok Cobhams, aid this on Wednesday while addressing traditional rulers, Chiefs and youths in the… April 2, 2014 In "Business" •Governors Umahi (Ebonyi) and Ayade (Cross River State) The receding tension at the boundary communities between Ebonyi and Cross River states over protracted land dispute seems to be rising, again, following last week’s gruesome killing and beheading of a 17-year-old boy, Friday Ojoko. Ojoko was from Ndinwampfu village, Igbeagu community… December 22, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Ginika Okoye Abakaliki  -   The Ebonyi State Government said on Friday that it has started discussion with the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development for the certification of yam for export. The Gov. David Umahi, who made the disclosure to journalists in Abakaliki, said the move was in… July 7, 2017 In "News"