By Ayodeji Alabi  Akure  –   Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, on Monday, said a total overhaul of the state fire service would ensure improved service delivery. Akeredolu made this disclosure in Akure during an inspection of the scene of a fire disaster at Oba Nla area in Akure metropolis. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a fire outbreak, which occurred around the area on Sunday night razed five shops. The governor explained that the total overhaul would also ensure that security of property and lives would be enhanced due to rapid response by the fire service team. Akeredolu further explained that the State Emergency Management Agency would be mandated to assess the level of damage with a view to compensating the victims. “Nobody knows what caused this. There was no electricity and all the shops were closed because it was night time. “There should be equipment which will ensure that the fire servicemen will be able to do their job effectively and timely too. Fire service is a must,” he said. Earlier, an eyewitness, who is one of the shop owners, Chukwuma Chinoso, expressed shock on the incident because there was power outage before the incident. “None of the shops was selling gas or flammable commodities, and with the power outage, it could not have been an electric spark. “We called the fire servicemen severally, but they said they had no water, logistics and even fuel,” he said. The man further said the neighbours and victims tried to put out the fire but were unsuccessful because the fire was already raging before they were aware of it. (NAN) By Ayodeji Alabi Akure -   Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Wednesday inspected some burnt shops in Akure metropolis where he assured traders of adequate security of lives and properties. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a fire had last week destroyed goods and properties worth… June 27, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Ayodeji Alabi Akure -   Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Thursday assured the National Airspace Management Authority (NAMA) that he would tackle some of the challenges confronting the Akure airport. Akeredolu gave the assurance in Akure during a visit by Mr Adebayo Ogunleye, the new Airspace Manager… November 29, 2018 In "News" By Segun Giwa   Akure   -    Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Tuesday signed the N181. 42 billion 2018 appropriation bill into law. In his speech while signing the bill in Akure, Akeredolu that his administration would concentrate more on capital projects to bridge the huge infrastructure deficit in… February 6, 2018 In "News"