Enugu  –   The Enugu State Government has announced 22 new cases of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the total number to 57. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Prof. Ikechukwu Obi, said this in a statement in Enugu on Monday. Obi said that the State Ministry of Health gave the confirmation through the update given by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). “The Enugu State Ministry of Health confirms 22 new cases of COVID-19 in the state since the last update which have (cases) been updated by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC),” he said. He added that the state has 57 positive cases, 26 active cases, 26 discharge and five deaths. The commissioner noted that out of the 57 cases, 23 were health workers, who were infected. “Consequently, Enugu State has recorded 57 positive cases of COVID-19, 26 active cases, 26 discharged and 5 deaths. Of all these, 23 out of the 57 cases are health worker infections,” he said. He urged residents to continue to endeavour to stay at home when it was not absolutely necessary to go out, wear facemask whenever they must go out, keep a safe distance from other people at all times. Others included practicing of good respiratory hygiene (when coughing or sneezing), cleaning of surfaces with a 1 in 6 concentration of bleach and water, washing of hands with soap for 20 seconds under running water as often as possible. He explained that where facilities for handwashing were unavailable, people should sanitise their hands as often as possible using alcohol-based hand sanitisers so as to stay safe. (NAN) The Enugu State Ministry of Health has confirmed four new cases of COVID-19 in the state. A statement by the State Commissioner of Health, Dr Ikechukwu Obi, on Saturday night, shortly after the announcement by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, said the four new cases comprised two adults and… May 3, 2020 In "Health" Enugu - Gov Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, has disclosed that all the 12 positive cases of COVID-19 in the state flouted Presidential order on restriction of inter-state movement. Ugwuanyi made the disclosure in Enugu on Wednesday during a statewide broadcast on COVID-19 pandemic.According to the governor, the 11th confirmed… May 14, 2020 In "News" As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News"