By Femi Ogunshola ABUJA – The Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja on Saturday, re-opened for business with passengers duly screened, in line with safety protocols following the Coronavirus (COVID-19), pandemic. The airport also witnessed strict compliance to other safety measures, aimed at curtailing spread of the virus. Provisions were made for hand wash and alcohol-based sanitisers, there were temperature checks, as well as strict compliance to social distancing of about one metre. Journalists covering the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19, were led on dry run test from Lagos to Abuja, to witness firsthand, reopening of the aviation sector. Checks for COVID-19 safety protocols and screening, were carried out on passengers at the departure lounge. The seats, which were usually crowded, have been rearranged in compliance with the  social distancing rule. Inscriptions to further guide passengers, such as “do not use this seat”, “keep your distance”, were placed on the seats. Two newly acquired machines, for the purpose of identifying passengers, had been stationed at the airport. An operator, who sought anonymity, said that the machine could perform all necessary and required tasks of passenger-screening. It would be recalled that the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), had a few weeks ago, said that the airport would reopen for business on Aug. 27, after months of closure following the coronavirus outbreak. (NAN) The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has said that passengers must arrive at least three hours before their take-off time when commercial operations resume at airports later this month. Stating this on Monday, June 15 on its Twitter handle, FAAN said that passengers’ early arrival would enable efficient checks… June 15, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Bayelsa state governor, Douye Diri of Bayelsa on Thursday lifted the ban on funerals with stringent COVID-19 protocols as a measure to decongest mortuaries in the state. Diri had in an Executive Order aimed at containing the spread of the Coronavirus, outlawed social activities like marriages,… May 21, 2020 In "News" By Emmanuel Acha Enugu - Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has suspended all social gatherings including marriage and burial ceremonies till further notice as a measure to contain possible spread of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in the state. Ugwuanyi made the announcement on Tuesday while addressing newsmen on measures put… March 24, 2020 In "News"