By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja  – Operatives of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) have intercepted seven Cameroonians at the creek of Ikot Obong in Cross River. This is contained in a statement by the Service Public Relations Officer, Mr Sunday James, and issued on Friday in Abuja. According to the statement, the Marine Patrol officers of the Command in Cross River intercepted the foreigners on the Ikot Obong creek in Akpabuyo Local Government Area (LGA), while attempting to enter the country in a boat. The statement added that the seven Cameroonians were denied entry and returned to their country through the Ikang Control post, while their boat was impounded. “The arrest is among the series of interceptions by the command, between Cross River and Akwa Ibom States respectively, bothering Cameroon in recent times, amidst the Federal Government’s directive on border closure,” it stated. The Controller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, had directed Commands at the borders to intensify patrol and reconnaissance along the flanks. He had added that they should also intensify patrol at the creeks, waterways, and in-roads into the country, in order to frustrate the attempts of irregular migrants. (NAN) By George Odok Calabar -  The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) says it has launched a gun boat in Cross River to enhance maritime patrol and check cases of illegal migration and child theft across the sea. Mr Felix Uche, the State Comptroller of NIS, said this on Tuesday during the… December 11, 2018 In "News" The vehicle intercepted with the 42 bags of foreign rice Ibironke Ariyo Abuja - The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) says it has intercepted 42 bags of foreign rice at Kankara axis of Katisna State. The Service Public Relations Officer (SPRO), Mr Sunday James, who disclosed this in a statement made… January 19, 2020 In "News" Calabar - The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Cross River Command, said on Tuesday in Calabar that two suspected human traffickers with 29 victims were arrested on Jan.10. Mrs Funke Adeuyi, State Comptroller of NIS who addressed newsmen, said that the suspects were apprehended by men of the NIS on border… January 12, 2016 In "News"