A pretty young lady, Nimie has won the chance to go on a date with Mavin singer Rema in Lagos. The award winning singer shared a beautiful photo of the young lady on his official Instagram page as he told her to get ready for their date. Recall that the singer had taken to social media some time ago to announce to his fans that he was planning to spend a day with a lucky female fan, who is based in Lagos. He asked his female fans to link up with him as he is ready to shower money on them. However, he noted that the condition to be chosen was to tag him on their stories vibing to one of his songs called Ginger Me. As soon as he made the announcement, die-hard female fans of the singer got to work and started tagging him to their Instagram stories. Apparently, Nimie was the only person who impressed the singer as he announced that she would be the one going on the date with him. She couldn’t believe her luck as she also took to the comment section of the singer to express her excitements. Source Social media has various uses, and since its advent, individuals, celebrities and other public figures have used the platform to their advantage. While some persons troll people, others make money and even relate with fans through different social apps.Instagram is one application majorly meant for video and picture sharing and… December 20, 2019 In "News" Since young Miss Vera Uwaila Omozuwa was r*ped and killed in Benin, Edo State, the conversation around rape has popped up its ugly head again in Nigeria. After the uproar on the demand to arrest and arraign the culprits behind the death of the 100 level student of the University… June 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" Wizkid appears to be opening his arms to 18-year old music rookie, Rema who is being compared to him. Amidst hot comparison among fans, popular Nigerian singer, Wizkid reveals the Mavins new signee, Rema as his favourite. It would be recalled that fans have been comparing Rema to Wizkid as… June 28, 2019 In "Entertainment"