By Uchenna Ugwu Abakaliki –  A fire outbreak on Monday destroyed the production studio of the Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria’s Unity FM, Abakiliki in Ebonyi, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The General Manager of the station, Mr Rex Eze, who spoke to NAN on the development, said the fire started at the production studio and burnt it completely. Eze said the fire was caused by an electrical fault, noting that workers were in the studio when the fire broke out. He said that various items, including computers, laptops, furniture and electrical appliances were damaged by the fire. “There was a bang shortly after our engineers changed from public power line to the generator. “I thanked God that the fire did not affect the transmitter, the live studio and my office,” Eze said. The Head of the Ebonyi State Fire Service, Mr Raphael Ibiam, who also confirmed the incident, described the fire outbreak as sad. He said, however, that firemen were able to put off the fire before it could cause more damage. (NAN) By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - The Ebonyi State Fire Service (ESFS) has recorded no fewer than 78 fire outbreaks with no casualties in the state between January and November, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Mr Raphael Eseni, the Director of the Fire Service, who disclosed this to NAN… November 15, 2019 In "News" By Emmanuel Antswen   Makurdi   -      Traders at the Wadata Market in Makurdi, Benue which was gutted by early morning fire outbreak are counting their losses. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered from reliable sources that the fire started at about 1am on Tuesday. A cross section of the… January 2, 2019 In "News" By Christian Ogbonna Yenagoa - The Bayelsa State Broadcasting Corporation, Glory FM, 97.1 on Tuesday, was gutted by fire, leaving the organisation with damaged property worth millions of naira. Mr Victor Binawari, a presenter who was on duty, told newsmen in Yenagoa that the fire was ignited by a spark… July 2, 2019 In "News"