By Kingsley Okoye  Abuja  –   The Deputy President of the Senate, Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, has denied asking the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), to probe the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs. Omo-Agege, said a letter in circulation said to have emanated from the Clerk of the Senate, requesting the Chairman of the anti-graft agency, Mr Ibrahim Magu, to investigate the Minister did not come from him. Omo-Agege made the clarification in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Yomi Odunuga, in Abuja on Sunday. Describing the document as fake, the Deputy President of the Senate insisted that he never instructed the Clerk or any other person to contact the EFCC to investigate any individual. “The attention of the Office of Deputy President of the Senate has been drawn to a letter dated May 7. ”The letter was said to have purportedly been written by the Clerk of the Senate acting on behalf of the Office of Deputy President of the Senate requesting Chairman of EFCC to investigate and monitor the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs and one other. “This Office hereby states that the said letter is false, fake, malicious, mischievous and vexatious. “This office never instructed the Clerk of the Senate, or in fact any person, to write to or contact the EFCC in relation to any person. “In the light of the foregoing, we wish to urge the public to disregard the fake letter, same being the handiwork of a person or persons with criminal intents,” the statement said. (NAN) By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - The 9th Senate, on Thursday, resolved to write an official letter to President Muhammadu Buhari informing him that a quorum of the Senate had assembled and its presiding officers had been elected. The upper chamber also resolved to inform the international parliamentary bodies, that a… June 13, 2019 In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -   Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege on Tuesday declined comments on the April 18 forceful removal of the Mace in the Senate chambers, saying the matter was pending at the court. He made the remark in Abuja when he appeared before members of the Joint Ad Hoc… May 22, 2018 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) and Coalition of South East Youth Leaders (COSEYL) yesterday stressed the need to consider the interest of Christians and other segments of the country in the choice of Speaker, House of Representatives. Deputy National Publicity Secretary of CUPP, Mark Adebayo,… June 10, 2019 In "Top Stories"