The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of All Progressives Congress (APC), Yekini Nabena has accused the self imposed acting National Chairman of the party, Victor Giadom of being an agent of fifth columnists who are poised to destabilise the party. He also called for the convocation of an emergency meeting of the National Executive Committee (NEC) as an antidote to the leadership crisis rocking the party. The APC deputy Spokesperson who spoke with newsmen in Abuja on Saturday lamented that the party is clearly at a tipping point. Nabeba queried the locus of Giadom, whom he said had resigned from the National Working Committee (NWC) to be laying claim to the leadership of the party. He maintained that the former deputy national secretary is sponsored by some undisclosed fifth columinists to destablise the party. He said: “Not too long ago, Victor Giadom claimed the position of the National Secretary now he is claiming the chairmanship. It is unfortunate that Victor Giadom is being used as a destabilizing agent by fifth columnists. On what ground is Victor Giadom claiming chairmanship of the Party when he long ceased to be a member of the National Working Committee following his resignation to contest as the Rivers State Deputy Governorship candidate in the 2019 elections. “Whatever waiver Victor Giadom is brandishing cannot stand as the Constitution and INEC guidelines require resignation from public office to contest general elections, which Victor Giadom did by resigning as Deputy National Secretary. “The same Victor Giadom and his sponsors are already engaging in anti-party activities through their continued support of Governor Godwin Obaseki despite formerly joining the Peoples Democratic Party to contest the Edo State Governorship election”. The Bayelsa State born APC chieftain, blamed the enfontry of Giadom and his sponsors on the connivance of a section of the judiciary and called on the National Judicial Council (NJC) to investigate roles of some of it’s officials in the destabilising plots of the fifth columinists who are bent on destroying the ruling party. “The National Judicial Council should investigate boasts by sponsors of Victor Giadom, a minister and north central governor that they are in control of the Court of Appeal and are already using it to further their selfish interest to sabotage the APC. “As I have always said, personal interest must never override party interest. The APC is nobody’s personal property. I call on our dear President to accede to the request by majority of well-meaning party members and leaders and convene an emergency NEC meeting to address the leadership crisis and deliberate on consolidating the APC’s control of Edo and Ondo States ahead of the forthcoming governorship elections. “At least four people are laying claim to the chairmanship of the APC following the court-ordered suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. All manner of Court cases and orders are flying around contesting party decisions and National Working Committee positions. Factions are festering at the national level and many states. The APC is clearly at a tipping point. “The several court cases and orders over the national leadership of the party has put the party in a standstill and is a legal threat to forthcoming elections in Edo and Ondo States. President Muhammadu Buhari is the leader of the party and it has become imperative for him to convene an emergency meeting of the National Executive Committee to find solutions to the crisis and chart a way forward,” Nabena stated. The Nation The legal status of the anti-Oshiomole arrow head and the Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Victor Giadom, has been questioned The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr. Yekini Nabena, said Giadom lacks the legal right to the position he currently occupies having resigned… March 14, 2020 In "Politics" •Chief Victor Giadom ABUJA - The crisis rocking the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) worsened this morning of Wednesday when the party’s Deputy National Secretary, Chief Victor Giadom, took over as the party’s Acting National Chairman. He promptly annulled the results of the recent Edo State governorship screening exercise that… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" The Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Chief Victor Giadom and Abiola Ajimobi have all claimed to be the acting National Chairman of the party. This comes after the Appeal Court on Tuesday upheld the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the APC.… June 17, 2020 In "Politics"