By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  –   The Presidency has acknowledged concerns expressed by several members of the public regarding the recent incident among the occupants of the State House. The blending incidence which led to the arrest of some staff by the police. A statement by the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Sunday, said President Muhammadu Buhari was not affected in any way by the incident. The statement read in part: ”This is to assure all and everyone that the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Muhammadu Buhari, is not, and was not at anytime in any form of danger arising, either from deadly infections or the reported incident by security personnel which is currently under investigation. ”This particular incident happened outside the main residence of the President. ”Armed guards and other security personnel assigned to the State House receive the necessary training of especially weapons handling and where they come short, their relevant agencies have their rules and regulations to immediately address them. ”Having authorized the proper investigation to be carried out into this unfortunate incident by the Police, the President has acted in compliance with the rule of law. ”That a minor occurrence is being used by some critics to justify attacks on the government and the person of President Muhammadu Buhari beggars belief. ”In this particular instance, the President says the law should be allowed to take its course.” (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  President Muhammadu Buhari has said no responsible Commander-In-Chief of a country would fold his arms and watch his security personnel be put into danger by terrorists. He disclosed this in a statement while reacting to the recent killings of soldiers in Metele village, Borno State. President… November 25, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has condemned the inter-communal violence between Tiv and Jukun communities in Guma Local Government Area (LGA) of Benue, which left dozens injured and several houses destroyed. Buhari, in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu,… January 20, 2019 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed deep shock over the killing of military personnel in Metele village of Borno by Boko Haram terrorists, saying his administration remains committed to the security of military personnel and other citizens. The president stated this in a statement… November 24, 2018 In "Top Stories"