The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has expressed displeasure over the concert Naira Marley held on Saturday in Abuja, despite the ban on large gatherings amid the Coronavirus pandemic. Hip-hop artiste, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley, held a concert at the Jabi Lake Mall on Saturday in contravention of the PTF directive geared towards curbing the spread of the novel virus. The event had a lot of people in attendance and this led to an outrage. The National Coordinator of the PTF, Dr. Sani Aliyu, addressed the development on Monday during the daily COVID-19 briefing. Aliyu said Naira Marley’s fate, will be determined by the Federal Capital Territory Administration. He added that the PTF supports any sanction against the musician. He said: “With regards to the fate of Naira Marley, I believe the FCT authorities have already taken action with regards to the chief organizers. “But the decision on whether or not he will face penalties etc is actually a decision of the FCT authorities. “The PTF will always support any measure taken against people who continue to violate the guidelines we have put in place, particularly if they are putting public health at risk.” The Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Chikwe Ihekweazu, said there are no plans to trace those who attended the concert. Ihekweazu said: “On the plan whether we are going to track the people that came for the Naira Marley concert, no. We have a lot more important work to do than to do that, but if we have a positive from that community, we have a problem. “We do have a problem if we have someone that went to that gathering and turns positive. We hope that doesn’t happen.” Source Hadi Sirika, the minister for aviation, says the flight that conveyed Naira Marley to Abuja for a concert was approved for a different purpose. Answering questions during the daily briefing on the presidential task force on COVID-19 on Monday, Sirika said the company has been suspended indefinitely. He also said… June 15, 2020 In "News" The Federal Capital Territory Administration(FCTA) has closed down the popular Jabi Lake Mall indefinitely after the shopping centre violated Presidential Task Force’s ban on public gatherings as part of measures to curb COVID-19 pandemic in Abuja, The Nation reports. This order issued by the FCT Task Force on COVID-19 came… June 14, 2020 In "News" Popular Nigerian singer, Naira Marley on Saturday night held a concert in Abuja. The singer in a viral video was seen in a gathering of more than twenty people. It was learnt the concert was supposed to be a drive-in with guests in their cars but from the video online,… June 14, 2020 In "Entertainment"