By Abiodun Lawal  Abeokuta  –  Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun has congratulated Oluwatomilola Mustapha, a 400 level student of Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED), Ijebu-Ode, for winning the 4,000 dollars Global Social Entrepreneur Award. The 2020 Tei Kaihau Social Entrepreneur Award was held at the virtual Global Enterprise Experience challenge in New Zealand. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the competition, which earned Mustapha 4,000 dollars, was organised by the Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand. The major objective of the contest, with over 1,000 participants, is to improve participants’ social entrepreneurship skills from across the world in order to create enabling environment for them in their various business skills. Abiodun’s congratulatory message was contained in a statement issued in Abeokuta on Sunday by Mr Azeez Adeyemi, his Special Assistant on Student Matters. The governor explained that Mustapha, from the Department of Biology, had written the name of the university and the state on the world map. He added that the state was proud of Mustapha, not only as a TASUED student, but also as an indigene of the state. The governor implored Nigerian students in the state to emulate him, and as well continued to be a worthy ambassador of the state everywhere they found themselves. Abiodun said he would not relent in his determined efforts to restore the lost glory of education sector in the state. He added that the state government was weighing the modalities needed to reopen schools. “The state government has been engaging students through the “Digiclass” which has also helped a lot in engaging the minds and brains of students at home during this COVID-19 period,” he said. (NAN) Lagos - The Corporate Affairs Group Manager, Intel, Mr Babatunde Akinola, on Tuesday said the company had invested more than $1billion in technological education in 10 years. In a statement obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, Akinola said more than 200,000 teachers had been trained with… December 1, 2015 In "News" Tasued Matric Ceremony for 2014/2015 fresh students date and venue has been announced. Documents required of all matriculating students has also been listed. All such fresh students are hereby informed. The management of Tai Solarin University Of Education has announced the details of the matriculation ceremony scheduled to usher in… February 26, 2015 In "News" ABEOKUTA (Sundiata Post) - The Ogun State Government has begun talks with the National Universities Commission (NUC) to upgrade the Moshood Abiola Polytechnic to a degree-awarding institution for degrees in technology and agriculture-related courses. Governor Ibikunle Amosun has disclosed this when addressing thousands of the national diploma and the higher… March 10, 2016 In "News"