Kano  –   Some parents in Kano State have advocated for the introduction of specialised healthcare services to enhance treatment of persons living with sickle cell ailment in the country. A cross section of parents, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Friday in Kano, as part of activities to mark the 2020 World Sickle Cell Day.NAN reports that the United Nations had declared June 19, to raise awareness on sickle cell disease. Sickle cell anemia, is an inherited red blood cell disorder which prevents enough healthy red blood cells to carry oxygen through the body. Mrs Hauwa Abdulbasit, a mother whose three kids suffered the ailment, alleged that the services provided at general hospitals in the state were limited. Abdulbasit said that that they experienced difficulties in accessing quality healthcare services as well as the needed attention during emergencies. Mr Usman Sani, a father of a nine-year-old girl with the ailment, stressed the need for specialised sickle cell care and support services to enhance case treatment and management of the disease in health facilities in the state. “For now most hospitals had integrated services in the facilities, thus, affected children are in need of special care.“Lack of such specialised services resulted to untimely death of patients in emergencies. “It is desirable for the governments at all levels to provide specialised centres to cater for the health needs of patients with the ailment,” Sani said. Also speaking, the Chairperson, Kano state Association for Sickle Cell Patients, Ms Rukayya Kamal, noted that provision of specialised sickle cell centres would enhance access to quality healthcare services at grassroots.Kamal also appealed to parents to know their geno-type tested before venturing into marriages, to save children from the bondage of sickle cell ailment. (NAN) Sickle-cell patients often share their challenges arising from the physical and emotional pain of the disease with concerns about what the future holds for them. Sociologists advise that the society has the responsibility of accepting them as normal people who have the right and ability to live a normal life.… March 16, 2016 In "News" By Omowunmi Alake Lagos -  A medical researcher, Dr Bamidele Iwalokun, on Wednesday called on the Federal Ministry of Health to adopt a comprehensive healthcare management of sickle cell anaemia. Iwalokun, also the Head, Immunology and Vaccinology Research Department, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Yaba, made the call on… June 20, 2018 In "Health" By Prudence Arobani   New York   -   Mrs Nkechi Ikpeazu, Wife of Abia Governor, said her pet project, Vicar Hope Foundation planned to establish sickle cell clinics in all the 17 Local Government Areas of the state. Ikpeazu told the Correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in New… March 20, 2018 In "Health"