A 28-year-old Nigerian lady has asked her husband for the impossible following his intention to dissolve their marriage. The lady simply identified as Suliat wants her virginity returned if her husband, Lateef wants their marriage to be dissolved. Lateef dragged Suliat to court seeking divorce on the grounds of gross disrespect, humiliation, and embarrassment in public places. According to him, his wife has been nothing but trouble. He revealed to the judge that he moved out of the house due to the bad reception given him in his own house. Lateef said he is fed up with Suliat and wants them to go their separate ways. However, at the hearing of the divorce case, Suliat told the court that she would agree to the dissolution of their marriage only if Lateef returns her virginity and good health, as it was two years ago before the union. She revealed that Lateef used juju to charm her into marrying him and that has caused her so much stress and illness. The juju man may have been dead. Their case has since been adjourned to a later date due to Suliat bad health. The Nation By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan - An Ibadan-based civil servant, Mujidat Muideen and mother of one, on Friday sought dissolution of her eight year-old marriage to husband, Lateef, in a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan on grounds that he was lazy. In her petition Mujidat,who resides in Ologuneru area in Ibadan,… January 10, 2020 In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi     Ibadan    -         A Grade ‘C’ Customary Court, Bode Igbo, Ibadan, has dissolved the 16-year-old marriage between Taiwo Philip and his wife, Bukola, on the insistence of the wife that she could no longer live as a slave. The News Agency… December 18, 2018 In "Metro" Lagos - A middle aged woman, Mrs Onyime Ekannem, on Thursday pleaded with an Ojo Customary Court in Lagos to restrain her husband, Ini-Obong, from sending her back to their village for instituting a divorce suit against him. "I brought my husband, a firefighter with the government to this court… July 2, 2015 In "News"