Legendary singer, Innocent Idibia also known as 2Baba, has revealed how he made music history with his 2010 album, The Unstoppable: International Edition by selling the CDs for N1000 which had never been done in the Nigerian music industry. The 44-year-old, who was formerly known by the stage name, 2Face Idibia, stated this on Saturday when he shared a post to mark the 10th anniversary of the album on Instagram. “The Unstoppable International Edition is 10 years. Before then everyone was skeptical about selling a music CD for 1000 Naira, but we were confident of the music, took the gamble and history was made…,” he wrote. The Unstoppable International Edition is 10 Years. Before then everyone was sceptical about selling a music CD for 1000 Naira, but we were confident of the music, took the gamble and history was made. Its a special album for me and i know you are still enjoying it 10 years later. I want to thank everyone that contributed to the success of this album. @efeomorogbe @don_anifite  @itz_jaysleeky @yinkaobebe @ibayoomisore @phenom_9ja @MI_Abaga @cartier @cobhamsAsuquo @omawonder @kingcartiair and not forgetting @ehi.benzy she killed 'Free' that year. Thanks to all the award bodies that recognized the project, Hip TV, Soundcity and MTV MAMA  #TheUnstoppable #TheUnstoppableIntlEditionIs10 A post shared by  Innocent Idibia (@official2baba) on Jun 27, 2020 at 1:35am PDT Source By By Busayo Onijala/Justina Auta Abuja - Nigerian music icon, Innocent Idibia aka 2Face has been conferred with the award of the Fellow of the school of music by the Department of Music, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile Ife. The 43 year-old Singer, who is also a songwriter, record producer and… March 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Justina Auta Abuja - The Ooni Of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi has played host to Nigeria’s music icon, 2Face Idibia and his wife Annie, at his palace. The Ooni of Ife’s official Instagram page posted a video of the visit of 2Face Idibia and his wife on Wednesday,… March 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" 1. Fela Anikulapo Kuti Fela and the Afrika ’70 released the album Zombie, a scathing attack on soldiers using the zombie metaphor to describe the methods of the Nigerian military. The album was a smash hit and infuriated the government, setting off a vicious attack against the Kalakuta Republic, during… October 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"