By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  –    President Muhammadu Buhari has challenged Nigerian scientists and researchers to come up with solutions to cure COVID-19 as humanity and democracy is under threat of the pandemic. The president gave the challenge in a nationwide broadcast to commemorate 2020 Democracy Day in Abuja on Friday. He, however, expressed optimism that Nigeria would survive the pandemic like similar crises in the past where the country emerged much more stronger. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had on June 11 announced on its official Twitter handle that Nigeria recorded a total of 14,554 cases. The centre also revealed that Nigeria recorded its highest daily toll on Thursday with 681 new COVID-19 cases confirmed in 17 states. Buhari, however, expressed optimism that the steps being taken by the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 had started showing fruitful results. “I therefore implored all Nigerians to abide by the approved guidelines and protocols. There is hope for us all if we take individual and collective responsibility. “Government is determined to turn this COVID-19 challenge into a motivation to action by building a nationwide public healthcare system that will help us overcome the COVID-19 pandemic and prepare for any future outbreak. “Already, we have begun to look inward and I charge our inventors, researchers and scientists to come up with solutions to cure COVID-19,’’ he said. The president noted that the pandemic had affected the global economy and all known socio-economic systems as well as brought grief and pains to families that had lost their loved ones Buhari, however, announced that his administration had put in place various measures to cushion the negative effects of the pandemic on Nigerians and the nation economy. According to him, the impact of the pandemic has disrupted the nation economic system. “And to ensure it functions while still addressing the spread, the federal government put in place a number of various non pharmaceutical measures to slow down the spread of the virus in addition to a progressive re-opening of the economy. “As part of the strategies to create jobs in reducing the effects of COVID-19 on our youths, I directed the employment of 774,000 of Nigerians. “These youths would be engaged in sufficient public work programmes aimed at cushioning the effects of economic downturn. “Each of the 774 Local Government Areas of the country will be allotted 1,000 slots. “I am pleased to report that this programme has commenced,’’ he revealed. (NAN) ....Reaches out to constituents with palliatives .....Commends SE Governors on Low COVID-19 Cases ....Makes Case for Expanded CCT ....Wants realistic plans to tackle effects of COVID-19 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, has expressed strong optimism that Nigeria and the… April 19, 2020 In "News" NATIONAL BROADCAST BY PRESIDENT MUHAMMADU BUHARI ON DEMOCRACY DAY, JUNE 12TH 2020 Fellow Nigerians, The 2020 celebration of Democracy Day marks 21 years of uninterrupted civil administration in our dear country. This day provides us an opportunity to reflect on our journey as a nation, our achievements and struggles.It is… June 12, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) on Monday demanded a special fund from the Federal Government to combat the spread of COVID-19 in the region. Simon Lalong, chairman of the forum and governor of Plateau State made the plea in a statement issued by… April 14, 2020 In "Top Stories"