No fewer than 69 people have been reported killed in a fresh attack by suspected members of Boko Haram insurgents in Borno State. The attackers, who came in the early hours of Wednesday targeted Gubio residents, who are mostly herders. It was gathered the attack was in retaliation of the killingof some members of the sect almost a year ago. Some local sources have confirmed that the gory attack claimed 69 lives as some of them described the incident as a pogrom. “We counted up to a total of 69 corpses”, a local hunter said, Haruna Gubio said. He continued that “the attackers opened fire on anybody in sight both adults and children,” a resident said. There are also unverified reports that the insurgents rustled many cows in the communities during the attack. No official statement has been issued by the army in respect of the attack at the time of filing this report but the Civil Society Organisation expressed sadness over the unfortunate incident. The Head of the Coalition of the CSO in Borno State, Malam Ahmed Shehu on the Whatsup page of the Forum described the situation as “sad and barbaric”. The statement on the whatsup handle reads: “That was a piece of very sad news, it seems like we are going back to the old days of the insurgent killing and abducting soft target in villages and along major roads, ” he said. “Of recent Northern Borno route has become a no go area…as the insurgents will mount a roadblock, screen commuters, and kidnap humanitarian workers only. “Last week, five people were kidnapped through the same process, among them was Abdurahman, a SEMA Camp Chairman in Monguno, whose wedding day was fixed for last Sunday and three others. “On Sunday, the route was attacked again and commuters were assembled and strategically engaged in video-recorded discussions by the insurgents for almost an hour. “From the information available civil servants and teachers documents were seized and later returned and about four people were abducted. There is urgent for the protection of vulnerable civilians and local aid workers,” the statement said. Gov. Babagana Umara Zulum is reportedly said to have left for Gubio to assess the level of impact of the attack. The Nation Two Local Government Areas of Gubio and Magumeri in Northern Borno Senatorial District have under the control of Boko Haram as the insurgents in large number launched a coordinated attack on the communities beginning from Wednesday evening through Thursday morning without confrontation.  Both Gubio and Magumeri have no military presence as… August 22, 2019 In "Top Stories" According to TheCable, the residents of Borno say they have lost confidence in the military over the lingering Boko Haram crisis. In an open letter signed by Hassan Boguma, a traditional ruler, the residents accused the military of not doing enough, saying Boko Haram now attacks without any countermeasure. The… August 26, 2019 In "News" Maiduguri   -  Suspected Boko Haram terrorists on Friday raided two villages, Mairi and Malari in Konduga Local Government Area of Borno, killing four persons and razing houses in the communities. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the attacks came barely one week after the Dalori incident in which… February 6, 2016 In "Top Stories"