By Opeyemi Aremu-Gbemiro  Ado Ekiti  –   Mrs Fatimoh Bello, the Chairperson, National Association of Women Journalists, Ekiti Chapter, on Friday lauded the efforts of the Wife of Ekiti Governor, Mrs Bisi Fayemi, over move to set up sexual assault referral centres across the state. Bello gave the commendation during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ado Ekiti. She said she was impressed with the timely move by the state government to establish sexual assault referral centres to address the increase in the incidences of rape in the state. Bello noted that according to the wife of the governor, the centres which would be strategically located, would take care of treatment and counselling of rape victims. “With the increase in rape and violence cases against women and children, there is need for speedy actions to curtail sexual assaults in our society. “The sexual assault referral centres will effectively handle children issues, educate, rehabilitate and counsel survivors, while protecting the image, personality and integrity of the children and their parents. “The centres established across the state is very necessary to treat the growing number of child and women abuse cases, as it will also help the society to protect children and women better, ’’ the NAWOJ chairperson said. Bello urged journalists to collaborate with the Gender-Based Violence Committee, support and campaign against the scourge. (NAN). By Yakubu Uba Gombi (Adamawa) - Adamawa Government is to set up a Special Court to handle the growing cases of rape and sexual assault in the state. The Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Bala Sanga, made this known Friday in Gombi town while inaugurating Gombi High Court Complex.… April 5, 2019 In "Metro" By Aisha Gambo Kaduna - Salama Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) in Kaduna State saidthe centres recorded a total of 725 sexual and other assault cases in 2019. The managers of the centres made this known in separate interviews with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Kaduna. The… January 10, 2020 In "Foreign" Enugu  -  An Enugu based non-governmental organisation, Women Aid Collective (WACOL), on Tuesday unveiled a billboard to raise its campaign against rape as part of the 2016 International Women’s Day. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] The billboard was erected by WACOL with support from its Tamar Sexual Assault Referral Centre (Tamar SARC). The… March 8, 2016 In "News"