By Kevin Okunzuwa  Benin  –  Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has approved the appointment of Mr Stewart Efe as the state’s new Commissioner for Communication and Orientation, shortly after Mr Paul Ohonbamu resigned from the position. In a statement, Secretary to the State Government, Osarodion Ogie, said the appointment was with immediate effect. “The Edo State Governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, has approved the appointment of Mr Stewart Efe as Commissioner for Communication and Orientation. His appointment takes immediate effect,” he said. Efe, until his appointment was the Public Relations Officer, Federal Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Uselu, Benin City. He hails from Ward 9, Egor Local Government Area (LGA) of the state. The new commissioner was a top contender as Chairman, Egor LGA, in the last local council elections, but stepped down for party interest. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ohonbamu said he resigned from the state cabinet for the good of Edo people and thanked Obaseki for the privilege given him to serve in his cabinet. (NAN) Edo State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Paul Ohonbamu, has resigned from Godwin Obaseki’s administration. Ohonbamu, in his resignation letter, which was addressed to Obaseki, thanked him for the opportunity to serve the state. He said: “I hereby tender my letter of resignation as a commissioner in Edo State to… June 4, 2020 In "Politics" By Joy Odigie Benin -   Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Thursday swore-in 18 commissioners, saying that “there is no room for corruption in his administration’’. Addressing the commissioners made up of 15 males and 3 females at Government House, Benin, the governor said their appointment was a call… July 6, 2017 In "Politics" By Joy Odigie Benin  -  Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Thursday swore-in 18 commissioners, saying that “there is no room for corruption in his administration’’. Addressing the commissioners made up of 15 males and 3 females at Government House, Benin, the governor said their appointment was a call to… July 6, 2017 In "News"