Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, his wife, Mrs Nkechi Ikpeazu, their children and all members of Abia’s first family have tested negative to COVID -19, following the release of results of their samples taken on Saturday, 30th May, 2020. This comes after two aides of the governor tested positive for the virus. A statement to that effect personally signed by Governor Ikpeazu reads: “Leading this battle from the front as your Governor, I and all members of the first family subjected ourselves to COVID-19 tests on Saturday, 30th May, 2020 and the results came out negative today. “Unfortunately, results of two of my aides who also subjected themselves to COVID-19 tests were positive while others turned in negative results. We are confident that within days, the currently asymptomatic positive patients who are now isolated will be successfully nursed back to good health, with God on our side,” he said. Continuing, Ikpeazu said, ”The new phase of the fight against COVID-19 in Abia will require that the state embark on massive tests of citizens to achieve at least 10% coverage of our population at the initial stage of the exercise. “To this end, the state epidemiologist has been directed to work out modalities for case searches using sample population size of between 30 to 250 persons, in some densely populated LGAs of the state. ”Meanwhile, we cannot win and save lives as long as we continue to stigmatize our patients. If any person contracts COVID-19, it will be saddening but it is neither criminal nor is it necessarily the person’s fault. Let me put it on record that statistics show that far more people recover from the virus than those who pass away from it”, he said. Meanwhile, Governor Ikpeazu has also directed all Chairmen of the 17 Local Government Areas of the State, together with their deputies, to present themselves for COVID 19 test. “Further to my earlier directive on the testing of members of the State Executive Council, I wish to direct that all Transition Council Chairmen of our 17 LGAs, and their Deputies, present themselves for COVID-19 tests and thereafter isolate themselves pending the release of their test results. “I urge all citizens and residents to eschew rumor mongering and get involved in the battle against COVID-19. Take responsibility because Abia is ready to win this battle with all hands on deck.” Source Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State, his wife Nkechi, and their children have tested negative for COVID -19 just as two of his aides have tested positive for the virus. A statement released by the state governor says the test was carried out on his family and aides on Saturday,… June 3, 2020 In "Politics" National Leader of the All Progressives Congress(APC) Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and his wife, Senator Remi Tinubu, have tested negative for COVID-19. The results of their samples taken on Saturday, which were released on Monday, returned negative. The test was necessitated by the death of Tinubu’s Chief Security Officer, Lateef Raheem,… April 27, 2020 In "News" The Governor of Abia State, Okezie Ikpeazu will self-isolate after directing members of his inter-ministerial committee on COVID-19, who came in contact with late Dr. Solomon Ogunji to undergo tests and self-isolate too. The latest move comes after family members of Ogunji tested positive for coronavirus. The directive is contained… June 1, 2020 In "Politics"