By Emmanuel Acha Enugu   –   Dr Nkemka Jombo-Ofo, who represents South East region in the Police Service Commission (PSC) is dead. A family source, Mr Ugwuaro Ijioma, who confirmed the incident to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Enugu, said that Jombo-Ofo died at about 7pm on Wednesday following a brief illness. Ijioma said that Jombo-Ofo was earlier in the week admitted in St. Leo Hospital, Transekulu, Enugu. “He was admitted in St. Leo Hospital, Enugu but went for dialysis at Hilton Hospital, Enugu,” the source said. A NAN correspondent who visited the residence of the deceased at No. 7/9 Osimiri Street, Enugu, reports that mourners had begun to pay condolences to the family. In one of the entries in the condolence register, a chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party and the deceased’s bosom friend, Chief Dan Ulasi wrote:“My brother Jombo, this was not our discussion a week ago! God’s time is the best.” Also, Mr Ndukwo Ogbuja, a lawyer wrote: “ You have conquered death. Go and rest. May God sympathise with us.” NAN further reports that the deceased was a one time president of the Enugu Chamber of Commerce, Industries, Mines and Agriculture (ECCIMA). Jombo-Ofo also served as a board member University of Port Harcourt between 1997 and 1999, board member Pipeline and Product Marketing Company (PPMC) and Chairman, World Youth Soccer Championship in 1999. He is survived by his wife, Justice Ifeoma Jombo-Ofo and three children. (NAN) Enugu - he Police Service Commission (PSC) says every police officer deployed for election duties must be on uniform with their names and numbers visible. The Commissioner representing South East Zone and the Organised Private Sector in the commission, Chief Nkemka Jombo-Ofo said this on Tuesday while briefing newsmen in… January 22, 2019 In "Metro" Enugu  -  Two infrastructure firms on Wednesday announced their plans to make Obollo-Afor in Enugu State the hub of their five projects in the South East. The firms, Integrated Infrastructure Backbone for Nigeria and Hyundai Engineering of South Korea, are engaged in five infrastructure projects – a power grid, fibre… June 15, 2016 In "Business" Chidi Ofor-Okenwa, the Chairman of the Enugu State Football Association (ENSFA) is dead. The media officer of Rangers Football Club, Norbert Okolie and a very close member of the family, who pleaded anonymity confirmed the death to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday. They told NAN that Ofo-Okenwa… May 5, 2020 In "Sports"