By Nicholas Dechi Makurdi –   The Special Adviser to Gov. Samuel Ortom on Information and Orientation, Mr James Uloko, has called on Benue farmers to embrace mechanised farming. Uloko made the call on Tuesday in Makurdi during the distribution of maize and other farm inputs to 1,738 farmers organised by Maize Association of Nigeria (MAAN) in conjunction with Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The governor’s aide pointed out that mechanised farming would benefit them more because it would ensure large scale cultivation and boost farmers’ income. “The State Government is also working hard to enable farmers embrace mechanised farming. “Few months ago, it distributed 60 tractors to farmers. They were distributed to the various Local Government Areas (LGAs) in the state. He said that the governor wanted the farmers to jettison subsistence farming and embrace commercial agriculture, stressing that mechanised farming was the best way to go. Meanwhile, the National Treasuer, MAAN, Mr Joel Batur, said that the farmers would be given 20kg of maize, fertiliser and other farm inputs. Batur encouraged them to make judicious use of the items in order to have bountiful harvest. “The inputs are going to be given to only registered members of our association. “I urge you to pay back the loans you have collected. They are not grants. The loans were given at the interest rate of 5 per cent,” he said. Earlier, the State Chairman, MAAN, Mr Terkaa Atese, advised the farmers to make optimum use of the inputs, emphasizing that the inputs collected were to be paid back at the end of the cropping season. Atese appealed to the governor to provide the association with land in each LGA of the state in order to cluster farmers for better cultivation. Also, the representative of the CBN Branch Controller, Mrs Grace Jonah, said that the inputs were loans and not grants, stressing that they would be given to only farmers that they captured their biometrics. (NAN) Makurdi -  Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue on Thursday launched the distribution of agricultural loan to 20,000 farmers across the state organised by Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in conjunction with the Benue Government. Speaking at the occasion, Ortom said that his government has mapped out strategies aimed at creating… June 2, 2016 In "News" MAKURDI - Farmers in Makurdi, the Benue capital, on Saturday called on government at all levels to provide them with pumping machines to enhance irrigation farming. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] In separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Makurdi, the farmers said they lacked pumping machines to water their… January 10, 2015 In "News" By Olusola Oke   Akure   -      No fewer than 30 young farmers from five states are being trained by the Federal Government on machinery operations and maintenance. Dr Olugbenga Arokoyo, a Rural Institution Development Specialist at the National Fadama Coordination office in Abuja, said on Thursday in Akure that the… July 5, 2018 In "News"