From ‘Black Lives Matter’ to ‘Áll Lives Matter’, are popular slogans used by protesters these days, signaling the importance of respecting and preserving all human lives regardless of whether the person in question is black, white or coloured. If we apply these catchphrases to public health in these days of COVID-19 pandemic, we can simply say that all people have their rights, but nobody should under any circumstance jeopardise the lives of others by failing to take personal responsibility. It is unacceptable for anyone to pose a threat to public health in the pursuit of economic and social fame, revelry or merriment in a crowd-pulling environment, in total disregard to social and physical distancing protocols, PTF, NCDC, FCT guidelines. The pursuit of pleasure (by some) that poses potential risk to the health of many, cannot be tolerated or defended in an organised or rule-based society. It against this background that the hosing of a concert (a crowd-pulling event) by Mr. Azeez Fashola (alias Naira Marley) on 12 June 2020 at the Jabi Lake Mall is considered legally, morally, socially and spiritually reprehensible, as it violates public health protocols and denigrates all the efforts being made to contain the dreaded and deadly COVID-19 pandemic. This particular case should not be seen as a one-off event, because Naira Marley and his followers (a growing large fan base called Marlians) pose enormous risk to public health and can inadvertently (or even advertently) make a mess of the efforts by PTF and NCDC to contain COVID-19 in Nigeria. Presently, all patriotic citizens are greatly worried about the rising cases of COVID-19 infections being recorded daily in Lagos State and the FCT. Who are the Marlians by the way, and how can their behaviourable characteristics lead to a reckless spreading of COVID-19 infections? To start with, Naira Marley is a Lagos-based musician whose peculiar form of musical performance exhibited in an antisocial behavioural pattern, attracts a good number of fans among the youths. These followers of Naira Marley are called Marlians. According to Femi Olugbile (BusinessDay, January 17, 2020) in a piece titled: Naira Marley and the ‘Marlian’ counter-culture, the Marlians “are a rambunctious presence anywhere” Naira Marley performs. “They revel in being ‘outsiders’, and as a trademark, they are disrespectful of rules and agents of law enforcement”, Olugbile added. These are important attributes of Marlians to note for our discussion here. Furthermore, a greater concern is that “the craze of proudly pronouncing themselves Marlians and damning the consequence is spreading through schools and neighbourhoods among teenagers and young adults, and it has left many parents scratching their heads”, Olugbile again added. These are not all as the distinctive antisocial behavioural characteristics of Marlians are not yet added. As Olugbile finally pointed out, “the defining attributes of Marlians are roughly said to include the following: ‘NO MANAZ’ – any effort to behave like ‘decent’ youth is frowned up; No Belt: Marlians would not be caught dead wearing a belt on their trousers; Smoke Weed, and perhaps use other drugs of abuse, such as ‘Coke’ and Tramadol; Respect nobody; Eager to go clubbing every weekend; Crazy hairstyle – dreadlocks or scruffy; Don’t fear anything, even death (MAFO); Must love Naira Marley’s music and be ready to stand up for him; Not to pay excessive attention to studies (most ‘Marlians’ are students); Strong focus on sex, including masturbation…” (Olugbile, January 17, 2020). In summary, seven months ago (November 7, 2019), one Olumide in Naijaloaded.com in reaction to a post by Jelili Adekunle captioned ‘Mention 5 Characteristics of a Marlian’, wrote: Marlians have no sense,Marlians have no future,Marlians have no parent,Marlians don’t make heaven,Marlians are useless. Well, this column does not wish them to be these, but then they should not openly characterise and behave themselves in ways that make others to see them in such listed light. This column had on April 8, 2020 published a piece titled: COVID-19 pandemic and your position in society, in which the attitude of those who consider themselves above the law by flouting the guidelines of the NCDC against the spread of COVID-19 was highly deprecated. The article specifically mentioned among others the birthday party organised by a Nollywood actress Mrs. Funke Akindele-Bello where many people gathered against the presidential lockdown order on Lagos, as well as against the social and physical distancing protocols. It is on record that Naira Marley was among those who attended that party. It is obvious that he and his group are keeping to their peculiar characteristics of disrespecting the laws of the land. Although, they were mildly sanctioned, there appears to be no lessons learned from that experience that was nationally condemned. So as it is now, the Marlians will do more things to disobey the laws of the land concerning efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19. This should not be tolerated. The last despicable concert in Abuja is a test of political will on the part of the authorities in the land namely PTF on COVID), FCT Administration and even Lagos State Government where the commencement of the violation of the ban on inter-state movements originated. Nigeria needs to be ‘sanitised’ from the impunity in the land with appropriate legal sanctions. Enforcement of the laws is therefore key to achieving this. Another form of ‘sanitisation’ is through all manner of deterrent measures. The protection of our public health is a key and primary function of the government. Protection covers all manner of preventive measures for keeping the citizens healthy and alive in such a mixture of areas as protection against hunger, physical attacks by bandits, herdsmen, members of Boko Haran, armed robbers, kidnappers, social miscreants of whatever types, outlaws, among host of others. If Naira Marley and his Marlians are careless about dying, many other citizens care much about their own lives. Consequently, the Marlians should not jeopardise the lives of others in the name of entertainment, and pursuit of wealth and fame in this dreaded and deadly COVID-19 pandemic period. The Federal Government and its sub-national counterparts should demonstrate the expected strong leadership in this situation by putting a stop to the display of impunity by any group that takes to anti-social behavior inimical to efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19. •Prof. Isaac N. Obasi, a public policy expert (& former columnist in the Daily Trust, Abuja, March 2003 to October 2006, & Daily Champion, Lagos, April 2005 to December 2008), is of the Department of Public Administration, University of Abuja. Email: nnamdizik@gmail.com Days after it arraigned organizers of a Naira Marley Concert in Abuja before a Mobile Court, the Federal Capital Territory FCT minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello has again vowed to prosecute the musician and all those involved in violating the Covid-19 guidelines, Vanguard reports. The minister who disclosed this in… June 17, 2020 In "News" The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has expressed displeasure over the concert Naira Marley held on Saturday in Abuja, despite the ban on large gatherings amid the Coronavirus pandemic. Hip-hop artiste, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley, held a concert at the Jabi Lake Mall on Saturday in contravention… June 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" The Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Malam Muhammad Bello on Tuesday vowed musician, Azeez Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley, alongside those who featured and entertained fun seekers at the Jabi Lake Mall in Abuja would be prosecuted. Jabi Lake Mall was shut down by the FCT administration… June 16, 2020 In "News"