Nigerians have taken to social media to hilariously react to the letter Executive Jet CEO wrote to Minister of Aviation folllowing the suspension of the charter service for flying Naira Marley and his crew to the drive-in concert he headlined in Abuja over the weekend. Recall that the Chairman/CEO of Executive Jet Services, Sam Iwuajoku in his apology letter to the Minister of Aviation said the flight Naira Marley and his crew boarded was meant for a Judge. He said the Judge however reached Abuja on a different flight. He added that after his staff sent a passenger manifest bearing the name Fashola Babatunde, he felt it was a serving minister of the federal republic of Nigeria not knowing it was a “bunch of useless people”. Naira Marley who reacted to this, alleged that the airline’s pilot and everyone on the flight were marlians (his fans). He made a clarification on the names on the manifest by saying that his name is Azeez Adeshina Fashola, while his younger brother’s name is Moshood Babatunde Fashola. He also averred that they won’t be using Executive Jet again for addressing them as “useless people”. Naira Marley Tweeted; “Lool they asked for our names on the jet though and looooooooool ur pilot is a Marlian and everybody there is a Marlian too.. my name is Azeez Adeshina Fashola and my lil brothers name is moshood babatunde fashola and u was begging me to tag y’all Do u know that over 20,000 Marlians travel with executive jet a month. We won’t be using ur useless airline again for calling us useless. Thank God we didn’t crash on that flight sha because we nearly did. BTW We didn’t book the flight ourselves”. Nigerians have now hilarously taken to social media to address Naira Marley as the new Minister of Works after a photo of the letter went viral. See Some Posts Below;  Source •Naira Marley ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Dr Sam Iwuajoku ku, Chairman/CEO of Executive Jets services, the chartered flight service that flew Naira Marley and his team to Abuja on Saturday to perform at Jabi Lake Mall has said that he thought that the flight was to convey Works and Housing Minister,… June 16, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has suspended a private jet charter and aircraft maintenance firm, Executive Jet Services, for flying Musician, Azeez Fashola aka Naira Marley to Abuja to attend a concert. The announcement suspending the airline was made by the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, during the Presidential Task Force briefing… June 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Hadi Sirika, the minister for aviation, says the flight that conveyed Naira Marley to Abuja for a concert was approved for a different purpose. Answering questions during the daily briefing on the presidential task force on COVID-19 on Monday, Sirika said the company has been suspended indefinitely. He also said… June 15, 2020 In "News"