A Federal High Court in Abuja has rejected a suit by Senator Dino Melaye, challenging some provisions of the controversial Control of Infectious Diseases Bill 2020, also referred to as the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) Bill. The court presided over by Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu on Tuesday held that her court lacked the jurisdiction to hear and determine issues raised in the suit by Melaye, who represented Kogi South Senatorial District in the Eight Senate. Justice Ojukwu upheld the preliminary objection filed against the suit by the respondent. The judge was of the view that the issues raised in suit was not justiciable, as a Bill could not be a subject of litigation until it becomes law. Listed as respondents to the suit are the Clerk of the National Assembly, the Clerk of the House of Representatives, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and the Inspector-General of Police (IGP). Justice Ojukwu struck out the name of the IGP as a party to the case, on the grounds that the plaintiff failed to disclose any cause of action against him. Melaye had on May 5, 2020, filed the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/463/2020, urging the court to delete sections 5, 8, 15, 16 and 17 of the bill which he said constituted a violation or would likely violate his rights under the Nigerian Constitution, the African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights as well the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights. The plaintiff had faulted provisions of the Bill seeking to empower the Director-General of the NCDC to compel anyone to take medical examination or treatment and also collect the blood sample of such person in the case of a public health emergency. He queried the provision to empower the NCDC to take over any premises and turn them into isolation centres without compensation for the owner. Details shortly. Source •Dino Melaye (left) and Femi Gbajabiamila ABUJA - The hearing of a suit filed by a former Senator representing Kogi West at the National Assembly, Dino Melaye, over the Infectious Diseases Bill has suffered a setback. This was after a Federal High Court in Abuja on Wednesday rejected Melaye’s request… May 20, 2020 In "News" •Dino Melaye ABUJA (SundiataPost) - A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja has fixed June 15, 2020, for definite hearing of the suit filed by Senator Dino Melaye challenging the passage of the Infectious Diseases Control Bill (also known as Forced Vaccination Bill) 2020. The bill, sponsored by the Speaker… June 1, 2020 In "News" A Federal Capital Territory (FCT) High Court sitting in Gudu, Abuja, has held that the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) lacked the powers to prevent or stop rallies or processions held in respect of the abducted students of the Government Secondary School, Chibok, Borno State. Justice Abubakar Talba, in a judgment… June 12, 2014 In "News"