By Glory Abuh-Adejoh  Abuja  –  A 36-year-old driver, Umaru Madaki, who allegedly obtained a Toyota Corolla car valued at N500,000 by false pretenses, on Friday appeared before a Grade 1 Area Court in Karmo, Abuja. The defendant, who resides at Gidan Sarki, Karmo, is facing a three-count charge of joint act, giving false information and shielding an offender from arrest. The Prosecutor, Ijeoma Ukagha, told the court that the matter was reported at Karmo Police Station by the complainant, Edet Bassey, on May 13. Ukagha told the court that Bassey gave his Toyota Corolla car valued at N500,000 to the defendant and one Mohammed currently at large to use for commercial purpose. She said that the complainant and the accused together with the alleged accomplice had an agreement that they would be remitting a percentage of the daily earnings to him. The prosecutor said instead of fulfilling their part of the agreement, the defendant and his alleged accomplice absconded to an unknown destination with the car. She said during police investigation, the defendant confessed to the offences, but effort to recover the vehicle had proved abortive. According to Ukagha, the offences contravened Sections 79, 167 and 178 of the Penal Code Law. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. The Judge, Inuwa Maiwada, granted the defendant bail in the sum of N600,000 with one surety in like sum and adjourned the case until July 15, for hearing. (NAN) By Ugochi Ugochukwu Abuja - The Police on Thursday arraigned a driver, Kelvin Anayor, in a Karmo Grade I Area Court, Abuja, for allegedly extorting N50,000 from a passenger. Anayor, who resides in Karmo village, Abuja, is facing a two-count charge bordering on joint act and extortion. According to the… April 4, 2019 In "Metro" By Glory Abuh-Adejoh Abuja - A 34-year-old driver, Idris Shuaibu, who allegedly impersonated a police officer and stole a Toyota Corolla valued at N1 million belonging to his employer, on Thursday appeared in a Wuse Zone 6 Chief Magistrates’ Court, Abuja. The police charged Shuaibu, who lives at 45, Berger… September 5, 2019 In "Metro" By Ugochi Ugochukwu Abuja, - An Abuja-based taxi driver, Chinedu Ukabu , on Friday appeared in a Karmo Grade I Area Court, Abuja for allegedly stripping and assaulting a female passenger in public. Ukabu, who resides in Gwagwa Karmo village, Abuja was docked on a three-count charge of criminal force,… April 12, 2019 In "Metro"