By Imelda Osayande Benin –   The Federation of Muslim Women Association of Nigeria (FOMWAN), Edo chapter and the Chief Imam of Benin, Abdulfatai Enabule, have called on government to impose stiffer penalties on perpetrators of rape.They made the call on Tuesday in Benin during a protest, organised by FOMWAN against raping and killing of girls and women across the country. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the protesting women carried placards, with different inscriptions, such as “Say No to Rape”, “Join the fight against rape”, “Age no matter; whether three, five, 18, 50 and 80 years, it is rape,” among others.Speaking on behalf of the National Amirah (Woman Leader), Hajiya Halima Jibril, the state Amira, Hajia Rabi Abiri, said as Muslim mothers, they had watched with concern the increase in the incidence of rape across the country. “This has heightened the level of insecurity, while women’s freedom of movement is being threatened and their dignity shredded.“Women and children are living in fear of being molested, abused or killed,” Jibril said. According to her, rape, in whatever form, negates the teaching of the world’s major religions, which preach chastity as an essential requirement for a morally-upright family, community and nation.Jibril called on government at all levels to institute practical mechanism that would give better protection for girls and women under the law, while ensuring that perpetrators were brought to book.Also speaking, the Chief Imam of Benin noted that women were created to be respected and not to be violated. He called on both the federal and the state governments to have the political will to come up with stiffer penalties for perpetrators of rape.Enabulele said that they were out to support the women in the protest, noting that raping and killing of girls and women should be a concern to all Nigerians. (NAN) The Senate on Tuesday asked the relevant authorities to ensure stiffer punishments for rapists in the country. The red chamber took the decision following a motion on the increased cases of rape in Nigeria by Senator Sandy Onu. Onu had drawn the attention of his colleagues to the recent rape… June 2, 2020 In "News" Ibadan- The Muslim Ummah of South-West‎ (MUSWEN) on Sunday in Ibadan, offered special prayers for a peaceful general elections. Speaking with newsmen at the end of the special prayer, ‎the Secretary of MUSWEN, Prof. Dawud Noibi, said the association organised the prayer to ensure peaceful elections in the country. ``The… March 22, 2015 In "News" Jos -Muslim women on Friday said the girl-child must be empowered with entrepreneurial skills to break the cycle of poverty which exposed them to sexual abuse. ``The girl-child must be trained to know her rights and be self-reliant to minimise chances of such abuse,'' the women, under the aegis of… August 26, 2016 In "Business"