Nigerian singer Wizkid has taken to Twitter to share what he perceives as the similarities between President Muhammadu Buhari and his US counterpart, Donald Trump. According to the multiple award-winning singer, both presidents are clueless and the only difference between them is that one is addicted to Twitter. In a tweet yesterday, he wrote: “Police dey kill black Americans and Naija police dey kill Nigerians. No man fit sort this matter. God save us.” In what appears to be a follow-up tweet today, he shared: “Buhari/Trump same person lol only difference be say one sabi use twitter pass the other. Clueless!” He Added; “God save the world ! Save the people.” This is not the first time the entertainer is taking a swipe at the Nigerian president. In a tweet, the singer swung a jest at President Muhammadu Buhari after he returned from a trip to the United Kingdom. Responding to a tweet that President Buhari is back in Abuja from a private trip to the United Kingdom, Wizkid wrote: “Nobody chop life pass Bubu.” In a similar vein, Grammy award-winning songstress, Lady Gaga recently criticised President Trump for his response to the recent case of police brutality in the United States. This comes after a white police officer killed an armless black man George Floyd during an arrest. Source In what may turn out to cause a diplomatic row between Nigeria and America, the United States president Donald Trump referred to his Nigerian counterpart Muhammadu Buhari as “lifeless” shortly after a meeting between the two leaders on April 30, Financial Times said on Monday. Buhari, the first sub-Saharan Africa… August 27, 2018 In "Top Stories" A former Minister of Education, Mrs. Oby Ezekwesili, has scolded Bello El-Rufai, the son of Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, for threatening to rape the mother of someone who disagreed with him on social media. bello The former World Bank Vice-President also asked Bello to apologise for making acerbic… April 13, 2020 In "Politics" One of the five cardinal objectives of the United States foreign policy is ‘’promoting and supporting’’ democracy. The US has fought wars and spent billions of dollars ‘’promoting and supporting’’ its own genre of democracy in other countries – especially in the developing world. The country touted itself to be… May 29, 2020 In "Opinion"