ABUJA – The Rotary International District 9125 has donated Personal Protective Equipment worth N10 million to the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 to contain the spread of Coronavirus. Presenting the items to the PTF chairman in Abuja, the District Governor, Rotary District 9125, Dr. Victor Onukwugha, expressed the determination of Rotary International to support the Federal Government in the fight against  the pandemic at the grassroots. The Rotary District Governor said in view of the current situation across the globe, there was the need for government to step up awareness at the grassroots. Receiving the Items, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha, represented by the Permanent Secretary, General Services Office, Mr Olusegun Adekunle, appealed to Rotary International to support the Federal government by sensitising the populace in the rural communities on preventive measures against covid 19. Items donated include infrared thermometers, assorted nose masks, theatre caps, sterile gloves, hand sanitizers and disposable theatre gowns. (Radio Nigeria) By Franca Ofili Abuja - The Rotary Club of Garki has donated personal hygiene products to 10 Primary Health Care (PHC) Centres in the Abuja Municipal Area Council (AMAC). Mr Osehi Uduebar, President of the club, during the presentation of the items at the PHC centre in Aleita community, Airport… April 4, 2020 In "News" By Martha Agas Jos -  The Plateau Government on Saturday donated a parcel of land to the Rotary International for establishment of a Peace Centre, which would be the first of its kind in Africa. Gov. Simon Lalong made the donation in Jos at the investiture of Dr Elvis Chukwu… July 15, 2018 In "News" By Fortune Abang Abuja -  The Rotary Club of Abuja District 9125 has donated a borehole and power generator to Tasha community in Kabusa in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), to promote access to potable drinking water. Kabusa, a suburb of the FCT, is about 7 km away from the… March 18, 2018 In "News"