Nigerian government has been ordered to pay arrears of salaries and other entitlements to 244 soldiers dismissed from the Nigerian Army in 2016. The order was given by an Economic Community of West Africa States (ECOWAS) Court which sat in Abuja on Thursday June 25, ordered the Nigerian government who were dragged to court by the soldiers after being accused of allegedly abandoning the Boko Haram insurgency fight and fleeing over alleged inadequate provision of arms and ammunition, demanded an enforcement of their fundamental human rights, including the right to their salaries and entitlements. Justice Keikura Bangura who rejected the soldiers’ request to be reinstated into the army, upheld their application that their sack violated their human rights, including right to work and fair hearing, Premium Times reported. The ECOWAS court which faulted the decision of the Nigerian Army to dismiss the soldiers on May 15, 2019, ordered the Nigerian government to pay all arrears of monthly allowances and salaries and other entitlements of the affected soldiers up to January 2016. Source Abuja - The ECOWAS Court of Justice has ordered Investment and Development bank (EBID) to pay 75,000 dollars as damages to its former employee, Prof. Joseph Adelegan, for the unfair termination of his employment. The court also awarded another N2,000,000 as cost to the plaintiff but dismissed other claims sought… February 3, 2020 In "News" •Theatre Command exposed us to attack •Soldiers on war front being owed allowances •B/H attacked us with 15 N/A vehicles •DHQ reaffirms that only 23 soldiers died in Metele attack •Why Army Chief, Buratai, changed 85% of Lafiya Dole field commanders •I’ll continue to work for elimination of terrorism in… December 10, 2018 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has stated that the clash the military had with the members of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) in December 2015, that led to the death of several people was not premeditated. Buratai also assured that officers… May 1, 2016 In "Top Stories"