Nigerian Singer/Rapper, Divine Ikubor popularly known as Rema has been called out by social media users for getting too cozy with a female fan he took on a date. He also was lashed for kissing her.. Recall that Rema recently announced that he’d be taking a female fan on a date if they vibe to his new single ‘Ginger Me’ and he is very impressed with their ‘vibe’. The ‘Beamer’ crooner kept his promise and yesterday, took the female fan on a date. Fans are not also happy that on their first date, he started spraying money on her bum. Some have concluded that she is his real girlfriend as opposed to being a random fan like Rema played it out to seem. Rema took a random fan on a date and Nigerians are convinced that that they’ve known each other for a while. #yabaleftonline A post shared by  YabaLeftOnline Media (@yabaleftonline) on Jun 25, 2020 at 11:42pm PDT Hi Nimie, I’m taking you on a date get ready!  @nimiie_ #Gingerme pic.twitter.com/jIdOHrfHZ7 For anybody doubting Nimie’s authenticity  she won through instagram. pic.twitter.com/9tnlwE06EB Why are y’all Twitter people pained about Rema’s date? You want him to pick a random oloriburuku that will make him take “Legal steps” in future?Baba smart abeg. tbh if Rema wanted to take this babe on a date he could’ve done it no need to create a fake challenge https://t.co/yBV1cVvB42 The same Nimi won Rema’s Beamer contest in February, now she’s won this date. Seems Rema likes the babe so he’s using these contests to set her parole  pic.twitter.com/kB9V1iZQqk  Source Former US president Barack Obama has revealed his summer playlist, and featuring on the list is 'Iron Man' by Nigerian budding star, Rema. The Obamas reveal their playlist every year, and this is probably the first time a Nigerian artist is on the list. https://twitter.com/BarackObama/status/1165286625208950784?s=19 And Nigerian fans, including the… August 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" A pretty young lady, Nimie has won the chance to go on a date with Mavin singer Rema in Lagos. The award winning singer shared a beautiful photo of the young lady on his official Instagram page as he told her to get ready for their date. Recall that the… June 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Some fans of Mavin Record’s latest signee, Rema say he sings like Afropop star, Wizkid. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 18-year-old fast became a fan favorite since the release of his debut EP ‘Rema’. However, fans have also pinned Wizkid as the… May 23, 2019 In "Entertainment"