A former United States National Security Adviser has opened up that President Donald Trump once argued that the $1.5bn aid given to Nigeria annually should be stopped, while funding for military operations in Afghanistan and Syria should be cut. According to Punch, the revelation was made by former NSA, John Bolton in his highly anticipated book titled, ‘In the Room Where It Happened’. Bolton, who left Trump’s administration last year, said the President Muhammadu Buhari, had confirmed that indeed, Nigeria was receiving a lot of money from the US annually. Trump, however, lamented that despite all the money Nigeria was receiving from the US, Nigeria was still refusing to buy American agricultural produce. Bolton further claimed that Trump argued that the US should cut funding to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, while funds should be released for the construction of a wall along the US-Mexico border. He wrote, “Following more chatter, Patrick Shanahan (then US Defence Secretary) turned to the cost reductions that maintaining the counter-terrorism capability would entail. But before he got too far, Trump broke in to complain about Congress’ refusal to fund the Mexico border wall. “Then he was off, ‘Why can’t we just get out of Syria and Afghanistan? I never should have agreed to the other two hundred (in Syria), and it’s really 400 anyway…Then after literally 45 seconds back on Afghanistan, Trump asked, Why are we in Africa?’ He soon made it clear he wanted out of Africa altogether, expounding for some time on our $22 trillion national debt, followed by the problems of our balance-of-trade deficits, followed by complaining, again, about how Nigeria received $1.5bn annually in foreign aid, as he said the President of Nigeria had confirmed to him in an earlier visit, even though they wouldn’t buy US farm products. Source •US Senate in session By Jeremy Herb (CNN)The Senate voted to acquit President Donald Trump on two articles of impeachment Wednesday, marking the inevitable and historic end to a bitterly fought, divisive impeachment trial that will reverberate into the 2020 election and shape Trump's presidential legacy. But the final day… February 5, 2020 In "Foreign" By Reno Omokri On Election Day 2016, I urged all my friends to go out and vote for Donald Trump with the following message: 'Get out and vote for the unborn fetus, get out and vote for God ordained marriage between a man and a woman, get out and vote… November 10, 2016 In "Opinion" •Chinese leader, Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump Since the outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Wuhan, Hubei Province China on December 31, 2019 and its declaration as a pandemic by the World Health Organisation (WHO) on March 11, 2020, the world has never been the same again. Politically, COVID-19… May 8, 2020 In "Opinion"