The Tallahassee Police Department has released the mugshot of Oluwatoyin Salau’s suspected killer after he was arrested on Sunday in connection to the killing of the Black Lives Matter activist. According to arrest records in Orange County, Florida, 49-year-old Aaron Glee Jr., was arrested in Orlando on June 14 on an out-of-county warrant from Leon County on charges of homicide-felony murder. Police said at approximately 9:15 pm Saturday night, TPD investigators arrived in 2100 block of Monday Road to follow up investigation on a missing person case. During the course of the investigation, two deceased people were located in the area. The TPD identified 19-year-old Oluwatoyin “Toyin” Salau and Victoria Sims, 75, a AARP volunteer as victims of a double-homicide. Both women were reported missing before being found dead in the area. Before Toyin went missing, she tweeted about being sexually assaulted by a black man who offered her a ride when she was stranded after the Black Lives Matter protest. Toyin, a Nigerian race activist, took part in a Black Lives Matter demonstration in the Tallahassee area on June 6. She was last seen in a CCTV footage on June 10 at about 7:03 pm at Monroe Street, Tallahassee, Florida. Source By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu Awka - Wife of a slain youth leader at Isuaniocha, Awka North Area of Anambra, Mrs Sylvia Okoye, has cried out to the Police Command in the state to fish out her husband’s killers and bring them to justice. The 48-year-old deceased, Angus Okoye, was found dead… May 9, 2020 In "News" Lokoja -   Police in Kogi State have arrested a cleric, Oluwasegun Aturu and two others over the suspected ritual killing of a 19-year-old commercial sex worker, Miss Mercy Moses. The Police Public Relations Officer of the command, ASP William Aya confirmed the arrest of the suspects to newsmen in… June 22, 2018 In "Metro" Phoenix - A court in Arizona said on Tuesday that a man who admitted to decapitating his wife and her two dogs in a bloody incident in Phoenix said he was attempting to ``get the evil out of her.’’ The prosecutor said Kenneth-Dale Wakefield, 43, also said he had smoked… August 4, 2015 In "News"