A downpour that started in the early hours of Thursday wrecked havoc in different parts of Lagos State, destroying property and washed away a four- year old girl. Some houses had their roofs pulled off by windstorm in Lekki, Ajah , Orile –Agege areas of the state with many rendered homeless. Many residents of the state could not go about their daily businesses as a result of the flood that accompanied the heavy rain for the better part of the day. At 12, Hassan Adejobi Street, Papa Ashafa, Orile Agege, a windstorm partially collapsed a bungalow which injured a mother and her daughter. Confirming the development, the Head of Public Affairs, Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), Mr. Nosa Okunbor said: ’’The agency’s officials received a distress call concerning a flood incident. Upon arrival of the LASEMA Response Team (LRT) at the incident scene in the company of NEMA officials, it was gathered from residents that a 4- year old girl named “Azeezat” fell into a flooded big ditch while escaping to safety with her family in the wee hour of the night after their compound was submerged by flood. ‘’The Agency’s officials in collaboration with the officials of NEMA carried out a Post Disaster Assessment and observed that three streets were affected by the heavy rainfall/flood. (Igbayiola Street, Fashola Street, Egbatedo Street). ‘’There are barriers blocking the drainage Channels in the affected areas leading to the canals at Aboru, Arugbanla and Iyana ipaja which could have also caused the flooding from flowing away. ‘’The victim is yet to be found. However search and recovery of the body of the victim is still ongoing. Only one roof was affected at Ebute Meta. Okunbor added: ‘’A mother and daughter were injured earlier today at 12, Hassan Adejobi Street, Papa Ashafa, Orile Agege, as a result of flooding at about 6:00am. ‘’Today’s floods which collapsed a fence on the six rooms bungalow boy’s quarters, was also responsible for dislodging occupants of a 10-room bungalow domiciled in the same compound when it was submerged. “It was further revealed to the Agency’s officials at the incident scene that two victims , an adult female and her female child) living in the affected building , boy’s quarters sustained minor injuries and were taken to a hospital before arrival of the Agency’s LRT. “It was further observed that three other compounds were also affected by the flood. “Presently about 20 families have been displaced by the flood. Furthermore, the LRT conducted post disaster assessment of the affected areas and also sensitized the residents on general safety measures”. The Nation By Florence Onuegbu   Lagos   -      The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) on Sunday carried out a simulation of an accident scene, to quicken emergency response. The simulation, which was conducted together with other emergency response agencies, took place on the 3rd Mainland Bridge, opposite the… April 29, 2018 In "News" By Peter Okolie Ogbaru (Anambra) - A middle-aged woman, identified as Mrs Obiora, has been delivered a set of twins in an emergency shelter for victims of flood at Ogbaru Local Government Area of Anambra. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the woman who hails from Umuezeoma village… September 25, 2018 In "News" LAGOS - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Monday said 8,000 people were displaced in seven major disasters in Lagos, Ogun and Oyo states in January and February, 2015. Dr Bandele Onimode, the Director of the agency in the three states, disclosed his in an interview with the News… March 2, 2015 In "News"