Saudi Arabia has banned international visitors from making the Islamic pilgrimage, or Hajj this year due to the Coronavirus pandemic. Authorities announced in a statement that the pilgrimage, which is set to begin at the end of July, will be “very limited” in size and restricted to Saudi residents only. “This decision is taken to ensure Hajj is performed in a safe manner from a public health perspective while observing all preventative measures and the necessary social distancing protocols to protect human beings from the risks associated with this pandemic and in accordance with the teachings of Islam in preserving the lives of human beings,” the statement said. Several countries including Indonesia, Malaysia, Senegal, and Singapore have already withdrawn from the pilgrimage due to the ongoing Pandemic.  The hajj is one of Islam’s most important religious activities as well as a major source of revenue for Saudi Arabia. The annual pilgrimage in the holy city of Mecca always attract more than two million people every year, with nearly 2.5 million attendance in 2019. Source Riyadh - Saudi Arabia imposed a 24-hour curfew in the Muslim holy cities of Mecca and Medina on Thursday, extending measures to combat the spread of the coronavirus, which has infected more than 1,700 people in the kingdom and killed 16. The Interior Ministry said in a statement there were… April 2, 2020 In "Foreign" By AHURAKA ISAH And SUNDAY ISUWA, Salifu Usman Abuja GEORGE OKOJIE AND ODIRI UCHENUNU-IBEH Lagos Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Lagos state Ministry of Health has confirmed its first case of COVID-19 and reported it to the Federal Ministry of Health. The case, according to the ministry, which was confirmed yesterday,… February 28, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Idris Abdulrahman Makkah (Saudi Arabia) -  The Nigerian pilgrimage mission in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday recorded double tragedy following the death of two pilgrims. A pilgrim from Niger had earlier, in the morning, died in an elevator pit after stepping on the platform without knowing it was under repair.… August 29, 2018 In "Foreign"