Nigeria chartered a special flight between Abuja and Dhaka, Bangladesh, on Sunday to collect a small dose of the Bangladesh-produced anti-viral drug, remdesivir in an effort to treat one of its officials suffering from Covid-19, officials in Dhaka said. Dpa International reported that the plane returned home nearly 20 minutes after landing at Bangladesh’s major airport in Dhaka in the evening carrying 36 vials of the drug and some medical protective gear made by Bangladeshi companies, Foreign Ministry spokesman, Touhidul Islam said. At least 342 people with the Covid-19 disease have died in the West African country, where 12,233 cases of novel coronavirus have been confirmed up to Sunday. “The Nigerian government sent the chartered plane to collect the drug to treat one of its governors affected by coronavirus,” a Foreign Ministry statement said. The arrangement was made following a phone conversation Saturday between Nigerian ForeignMinister, Geoffrey Onyeama and his Bangladeshi counterpart, Abul Kalam Abdul Momen, according to the statement. Two Bangladeshi companies last month produced the first generic version of the remdesivir, which is currently being tested as a possible treatment for Covid-19, the potentially deadly disease caused by the novel coronavirus. The drug was developed and patented by Gilead Sciences in the US. A Nigerian team collected 25 vials of the drug produced by Eskayef Pharmaceuticals Limited and 11 vials by Beximco Pharmaceuticals Limited, Kabir Ahmed Bhuiya, a businessman who supplied the drug and the equipment samples, said. Nigeria is interested in importing the drug from Bangladesh subject to its efficacy, according to the Foreign Ministry statement. SundiataPost recalls that the Governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu is currently the only Nigerian governor infected with the virus. His positive status was made public on Sunday through a statement released by the Abia State Government. Previously Governors Seyi Makinde (Oyo), Bala Mohammed (Bauchi) and Nasir el-Rufai (Kaduna) tested positive for COVID-19 but they have all recovered. (Nigerian Tribune) Fire on Wednesday gutted a covid-19 hospital in Bangladesh, killing five. The fire broke out in a makeshift isolation unit made for covid-19 patients in United Hospital Dhaka, Bangladesh. The fire service director, Zillur Rahman, who confirmed the incident, said the cause of the inferno could not be immediately ascertained.… May 28, 2020 In "Foreign" Dhaka - Public and private offices reopened in Bangladesh after the authorities relaxed some of the measures imposed, more than nine weeks ago, to stem the spread of the new coronavirus. “We are gradually returning to normalcy as the lockdown is lifted,’’ Health Ministry official, Nasima Sultana, told a news… May 31, 2020 In "Foreign" Kaduna-based COVID-19 cure researcher and professor of microbiology, Ayodele Israel Adeleye, has vowed to access any isolation centre, treat five patients on ventilators and same number of others that had been confirmed positive without wearing protective jacket during the exercise. He also pledged to carry out the treatment of the… May 20, 2020 In "News"