The stock market, particularly in its current state, is no place for amateurs. Sullimar Capital analyst Bill Brewster delivered that message to followers in a heartbreaking Twitter TWTR, -1.82% thread in which he shared a family member’s tragic foray into trading. Here’s the full story: This is still really raw and I have more questions than answers. But, it’s very important and intersects with what I speak about here. Hopefully my family’s tragedy can help another family avoid tragedy. So, he began buying and selling options. Fast forward to sometime this past week and his account showed him owing $700k+. How does a 20 year old with no income get access to that kind of leverage/exposure?! But here’s the truth. AND PLEASE PAY ATTENTION TO THIS IF YOU’RE YOUNG. The markets are bananas right now. It’s not the time for amateurs. Really really pay attention to position sizing. Stay away from exotic instruments like options and futures. Judge investments on their own merits, as you understand them. And, if you find yourself in a world of shit please talk to your family. Listen to @QTRResearch and @sanglucci pod about blowing up. Shit, hit me up. You are not alone. Finance isn’t worth losing your life over. Alex, R.I.P.  You will forever be missed. Alex Kearns, just 20 years old, left this note, which Forbes posted on Wednesday: “How was a 20 year old with no income able to get assigned almost a million dollars worth of leverage?” Robinhood declined to share any details of the trading account and how such outsized losses piled up but did say that the company was aware of the situation. “All of us at Robinhood are deeply saddened to hear this terrible news and we reached out to share our condolences with the family,” the spokesperson told MarketWatch on Sunday. Here’s a screenshot of his account: I saw @RobinhoodApp response and can confirm they did reach out. The family isn’t ready to speak yet. Since they can’t release account details here’s the screenshot. pic.twitter.com/uqeDhro7aJ The balance displayed in red, as Forbes explained, may not have represented uncollateralized indebtedness at all, but rather a temporary balance until his option trades settled. The death serves as a reminder that trading stocks can have devastating real-life consequences. This has perhaps never been more true than when it comes to using borrowed cash to leverage positions in a stock market where the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.80% can be down almost 2,000 points one session, like last week, then rebound nearly 500 points the next. Inexperienced traders have been cited as a driving factor in the big bounce of the market’s late-March lows and the recent volatility. Deutsche Bank analyst Parag Thatte suggests that Wall Street professionals are being forced to chase amateurs who continue to bid up equities. Read:It’s like the Wild West with ‘get-rich-quick crowd’ vs. Wall Street pros, but it’s too easy to blame retail investors for ‘rampant speculation’ CNBC’s Jim Cramer last week also addressed the dangers of the current climate. “It got too easy, and now we all have to suffer as the get-rich-quick crowd gets blown out,” he said on his “Mad Money” show, describing the current environment as one of “rampant speculation.” If you or someone you know is thinking about suicide, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255). Source: Market Watch It’s one thing to be on Forbes….okay, we take that back. It is a huge feat to appear on Forbes 30 under 30. Described by Washington Post as “millennial-focused programming to the magazine’s many influential consumers” and with an app and a Summit to go with it, the Forbes 30… August 17, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds" American rapper, Belcalis Marlenis popularly known as Cardi B, has asked Nigerians to pick a Nigerian name for her, following her recent announcement that she would file for a Nigerian citizenship. She had made the announcement in reaction to the killing of a top Iranian General, Qasem Soleimani, by the… January 7, 2020 In "Metro" Nigerians who accused the government of not being transparent with the novel coronavirus pandemic have taken to Twitter with #EndCovidScamNow to protest the handling of the virus in the country. The federal government through the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control have continued to release figures of people they claim have… May 19, 2020 In "News"