By Akeem Abas  Ibadan  –  Sen Teslim Folarin(APC-Oyo Central) has commended former Gov. Adebayo Alao-Akala, who clocked 70 years on Wednesday, for his selfless commitment to the development of the state. In a statement issued by his media aide, Yekeen Olaniyi, and made available to newsmen on Wednesday in Ibadan, Folarin also lauded Alao-Akala for living a life of service to humanity and encouraging upcoming leaders in Oyo State. “Men of honour would always be men of honour and our dear former governor of Oyo State is one of such men of honour. He clocks 70 years and is still waxing strong like he is just beginning. “The former governor remains indelible in the minds of numerous people of Oyo State. I commend our brand new septuagenarian for ensuring meaningful impacts in all the local government areas of the state. “As you mark your birthday in good health surrounded by family members and friends, I convey to you my family’s good wishes and that of the entire people of Oyo Central Senatorial District,” Folarin said. The three-term senator thanked Alao-Akala for his inspiring service to the people, wishing him God’s immeasurable blessings and robust health. Similarly, Ogbomoso First Community Initiative, a philanthropic and non-partisan association, also congratulated Alao- Akala on the occasion of his 70th birthday. The group in a congratulatory message signed by its President, Ademola Dare-Williams , described Alao- Akala as a consummate politician, astute administrator and lover of the masses. Dare-Williams said that the celebrator impacted positively on the lives of the people while serving as the governor of Oyo State. According to him, Alao- Akala’s main focus was the upliftment of the masses through the execution of people-oriented projects. “As governor, a great number of the people enjoyed the dividends of democracy through job creation and economic empowerment while artisans, petty traders and market women witnessed great improvement in their trade,” he said. (NAN) By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The Minister of Sports and Youth Development, Mr Sunday Dare, a former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala and Sen. Abdulfatai Buhari (APC-Oyo North) have wished Gov. Seyi Makinde quick recovery as he tested positive to the coronavirus. The trio expressed their sympathy in separate… March 31, 2020 In "Sports" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A one-storey mosque stood adjacent the main building that was Lamidi Adedibu’s main building. There, he held sway as an oracle and dished out orders that were considered laws at a time in Ibadan and other parts of Oyo State. Time was 3:45 p.m. and this… February 12, 2018 In "Top Stories" Ogbomoso (Oyo State)  -  A former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Tuesday in Ogbomoso said that he benefitted most from late IGP Sunday Adewusi. Alao-Akala spoke at a programme, ``A Day of Tribute,’’ organised by the Ogbomoso Community Foundation (OCF) in honour of the late Adewusi. ``The principle… April 6, 2016 In "Top Stories"