he Federal Government has released N13.642billion for the payment of hazard allowances and group life insurance for health workers and Federal civil servants nationwide, The Nation reports. It said all the issues raised in the 14-day strike action notice have been met. It asked the striking doctors to live up to their Hippocratic Oath by calling of the strike action. The government also unveiled juicy packages for health workers in the frontline against COVID-19. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alh. Lai Mohammed made the disclosures at a joint briefing in Abuja with the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire and the Minister of Labour and Productivity, Dr. Chris Ngige. The Federal Government also said it has trained over 33,000 workers in the country on how to manage the COVID-19 pandemic. Mohammed said: “It is pertinent to say that the issues raised by the Association, while issuing its ultimatum on June 1st, have received or are receiving full attention. “We have also begun the Group Life Insurance, totalling N9billion, for all health workers and Federal civil servants. We have paid to 14 insurance companies. ” Details shortly… Source By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -The Federal Government has released the sum of N4.5 billion to 31 Federal Teaching and Medical Centres across the country, and earmarked N9billion for payment of insurance claims.Labour and Employment Minister, Dr Chris Ngige, announced this when he alongside Health Minister, Dr Osagie Ehanire, briefed State… June 19, 2020 In "Health" By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta - The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD) at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OOUTH), Sagamu, Ogun, says it will begin a three-day warning strike on Monday over non-implementation of its demands by the state government. The doctors’ grievances were contained in a letter written to… May 3, 2020 In "Health" By Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The meeting between the Federal Government and the members of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) has ended in deadlock. NARD had embarked on nationwide strike on Monday to press home its demands for payment of hazard allowance, group life insurance, payment of minimum… June 17, 2020 In "News"