OWERRI – There was jubilation in Imo State on Monday as news broke that a combined team of policemen and soldiers had killed a wanted kidnap and armed robbery suspect, Chijioke Onyenze, popularly known as Bracket. A police source told our correspondent on Monday that Bracket who had been on the police wanted list for over a year was gunned down on Sunday at Obitti Rubber plantation forest during a gun duel. Recalled that Bracket and his gang had allegedly invaded a community in the oil rich Ohaji/Egbema Local Government Area and killed several people, including the president general of the community, a retired police officer. A community source identified as Iked, said, “We are excited that Bracket has met his Waterloo. He was a torn in our flesh .” A police source said “He came to Imo state from Omoku in Rivers State. When he noticed that a combined team of policemen and soldiers had closed in on him, he ran into the Obitti Rubber plantation forest and engaged us in a gun battle. When contacted the police spokesperson in the state, Orlando Ikeokwu, confirmed the development. (Punch) •Force PRO, Frank Mba The Nigeria police Force, through its spokesman, DCP Frank Mba, has said that soldiers killed three officers of the Force and a civilian in Taraba State. In a statement on Wednesday, DCP Mba said that the three officers were killed while on investigative activities within the… August 8, 2019 In "Top Stories" Following the killing of three officers of the Inspector General of Police, IGP, Intelligence Response Team, IRT, in Taraba State by soldiers who freed a kidnap kingpin, the army captain, who allegedly gave the order for their elimination has been arrested. However, a source in the Army said last night… August 12, 2019 In "Security" Adelani Adepegba and Olaleye Aluko Two policemen who allegedly colluded with kidnap kingpin, Hamisu Bala, popularly known as Wadume, will soon be dismissed from the service following their indictment for colluding with the crime boss in Taraba State. Top police sources told our correspondent on Monday that Ibi police division… August 27, 2019 In "Security"