country’s professional league association, LPF, said on Friday. But the resumption will be without two of the league’s clubs, after coronavirus cases among their staff. With the competition already at the play-off stage, third-placed Universitatea Craiova had been due to host fifth-placed FC Botosani on Friday. But the match was cancelled after the visiting team’s doctor tested positive for COVID-19. The match between Dinamo Bucharest and Chindia Targoviste had been postponed on Thursday after a Dinamo official also contracted the virus. Both virus-hit clubs will be out of action until epidemiological investigations are completed. “We want the return of football but the health of the players our first priority,” said LPF general secretary Justin Stefan. Play-offs from among the bottom eight clubs scheduled for Saturday will now be the first matches of the re-start. Clashes featuring those of the top six clubs still authorised to play will take place on Sunday. (Reuters/NAN) Real Madrid have gone into quarantine after one of the players in their basketball team tested positive for the coronavirus, leaving all activity at the club’s Valdebebas training ground suspended with immediate effect. The decision came at the same time as La Liga announced that it will suspend the competition… March 12, 2020 In "Sports" World soccer players' union FIFPro raised concerns about the level of first-aid treatment for footballers in Romania following the death of Dinamo Bucharest and Cameroon midfielder Patrick Ekeng on Friday. The 26-year-old collapsed on the field after suffering a suspected heart attack shortly after coming on as a 62nd-minute substitute… May 8, 2016 In "Sports" Rome - After weeks of wrangling, with several U-turns on the way, Italy is due to decide on Thursday if and when its top-flight Serie A football league can resume after the coronavirus stoppage. Possibly encouraged by seeing how Germany’s Bundesliga has restarted without problems so far, the Italian government… May 27, 2020 In "Foreign"