Kabul –   During the coronavirus crisis, nomads in Afghanistan that seemed to be economically independent face a number of difficult problems. According to the International Fund for Agriculture Development (IFAD), the COVID-19 pandemic has posed a dilemma for Afghan nomads known as Kuchis. They are forced to choose between “getting sick or going hungry” because they make a living by herding sheep, goats, and camels. Restrictions on movement related to the coronavirus crisis have affected their lifestyle. “The closure of markets and shops due to the imposed lockdown have heavily impacted the Kuchi community,” said Candra Samekto, IFAD Country Programme Manager for Afghanistan in a report on Saturday. “Kuchis cannot not sell their livestock and dairy products.” Food prices have spiked as well, which forced the nomads to sell their belongings at a lower price. The Kuchis have led a nomadic life for centuries, but decades of conflict, drought and the degradation of grazing areas have caused their livelihoods to deteriorate. The Kuchis representative in parliament, Habib-ul-Rahman Afghan, says that around five million Kuchis live in Afghanistan. “No attention has been paid to Kuchis in relation to the coronavirus,” Afghan told dpa in a comment critical of the government. The country’s constitution grants Kuchis ten permanent seats in parliament, but the UN reports that they are still among the poorest and most marginalized groups in the country with no access to information, TVs, or even power. “They live in remote areas where digital infrastructure is weak, and the vast majority of them are illiterate,” Sametko said. (dpa/NAN) Kabul - A group of Afghan girls has designed the prototype of a cheap ventilator that can help patients, suffering from the novel coronavirus who are struggling, to breathe. Members of the all-female robotics team known as the “Afghan Dreamers” – aged between 12 and 18 years old – live… May 24, 2020 In "Foreign" Barcelona - (Reuters/NAN) British actor and filmmaker Idris Elba launched a new United Nations fund on Monday to help farmers in poorer nations, calling on richer economies to provide aid to prevent “needless hunger and suffering” stemming from the Coronavirus pandemic. Elba and his wife, model and activist Sabrina Dhowre… April 20, 2020 In "Entertainment" Manama - Bahrain, Kuwait and Afghanistan have registered their first cases of the new Coronavirus (Covid-19), all of whom were coming back from Iran. Kuwait’s Health Ministry says three people who were returning to the Gulf country from the Iranian city of Mashhad were found to have the virus, the… February 24, 2020 In "Foreign"