The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, PPPRA, has removed the cap on the price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), also known as petrol. The latest development gives marketers the freedom to fix the price of the commodity and sell above the price stipulated by it. In a statement titled, ‘Market Based Pricing Regime for Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) Regulations, 2020,’ and released today June 4, the PPPRA said that henceforth, the price of PMS would be determined by market forces. Executive Secretary of PPPRA, Abdulkadir Saidu who released the statement, said the agency would continue to monitor trends in the crude oil market and advise the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and oil marketers on the monthly guiding price for the commodity. Tshe statement in part reads “In exercise of the powers conferred on it by Sections 7 and 24 at the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (Establishment) Act. No. 8 of 2003, and all other powers enabling it in that behalf, the Petroleum Product Pricing Regulatory Agency (The Agency), with the approval of the President hereby makes the following Regulation: ”Short title: Market Based Pricing Regime for Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) using the Pricing Template of the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency. The price cap per liter in respect of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) is removed from the commencement of these Regulations. From the commencement of these Regulations, a market-based pricing regime for Premium Motor Saint (PMS) shall take effect. The Agency shall monitor market trends and advise the NNPC and oil marketing companies on the monthly guiding Market-Based Price. The price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) advised by the Agency shall be guiding retail price at which the product shall be sold across the country. This regulation may be cited as the Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) Market Based Pricing Regime Regulations, 2020, made this 20th day of March 2020.” Source By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) has slightly reduced the pump price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), also known as petrol to N121.50 per litre from N123.50. The agency disclosed this in a letter to marketers with reference number A.4/9/017/C.2/V/701 titled “Guiding Price for… June 1, 2020 In "Business" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) has announced further reduction of the pump price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) also known as petrol from N125 to N123.50k per litre. The agency made the announcement in a statement singed by its Executive Secretary,… April 1, 2020 In "News" Abuja- The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) on Monday announced reduction in the ex-depot price of fuel from N81.51 to N77.66 per litre. This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja by the Executive Secretary, PPPRA, Mr Farouk Ahmed. Ahmed said the reduction in ex depot price was sequel… January 19, 2015 In "Business"