It has been reported that at least 20 journalists have died from the coronavirus outbreak in Peru. According to the Agence France Presse, AFP, most of them infected while reporting on the pandemic, often with little protection, the country’s journalists’ union reported Tuesday. Peru is Latin America’s second worst-hit country after Brazil with more than 170,000 cases and 4,600 deaths. “As of June 1, the number of dead colleagues is 20 in all of the country,” said Zuliana Lainez of the National Association of Journalists. Many of them contracted the disease while reporting from streets, markets and hospitals on the effects of the virus, without proper protective equipment, Lainez said. “They have gone to hospitals, which are foci of infection, with homemade masks,” she said. Seven of the victims were from Loreto, in the Amazon basin, one of Peru’s worst affected areas. A large proportion of journalists who fell victim to the virus were freelancers, with none of the protections afforded to company employees. “Journalists dying from COVID-19 confirms the urgency of addressing health protection and job insecurity,” the union said. Source The Federal Government says there is no new case from 61 contacts of the index case of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country, NAN reports. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, at a media update on COVID-19 in Abuja on Friday, said the contacts had been monitored since the announcement of… March 6, 2020 In "Health" Beijing - China has reported 1,749 new cases of the novel coronavirus (Covid-19) on Wednesday, with the National Health Commission reporting 136 new deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll beyond 2,000. Hong Kong, with 62 confirmed cases, saw its second Covid-19 death on Wednesday morning, public… February 19, 2020 In "Foreign" People stand in line outside a shop near the dead body of a man who had collapsed on the sidewalk, during the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Guayaquil, Ecuador March 30, 2020... (Photo : REUTERS/Vicente Gaibor del Pino) Streets in the port City of Guayaquil Ecuador have been… April 3, 2020 In "Foreign"