Popular controversial cleric, Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere, better known as Odumeje ‘The Lion’, the founder of Mountain of Holy Ghost Intervention and Deliverance Ministry, has signed a management deal with Liquid Metal Management. According to reports, Liquid Metal Management is a media and Communications (Brand Development & Management) team in media/communication, talent management, and PR strategies. The Anambra based pastor has now become the first pastor in Nigeria to officially sign an endorsement deal. Prophet Odumeje was unveiled as part of the team on Saturday as he was welcomed by the Executives of the brand as their first signing. Liquid Metal management took to their social media handle to announce the new deal. “We’re excited to announce the official unveiling and sign on of the Indaboski brand-aka-The lion himself into the @liquidmetalng management firm.” See tweet below: Liquid Metal Management@liquidmetalng It’s official.The Lion himself, the Indaboski brand is now signed to the Liquid Metal Management Family. #LiquidMetalNg It’s official.The Lion himself, the Indaboski brand is now signed to the Liquid Metal Management Family. #LiquidMetalNg pic.twitter.com/ZjkbIbW7MW Prophet Odumeje is known for his controversial style of preaching as well as describing himself as the Liquid Metal among other sort of names. Source Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanemere, does not seem to be happy that his name and image are now being popularised for the wrong reasons, including being used as pawn and has therefore asked those involved to desist from the act. Popularly known as Odumeje, the prophet, particularly asked those involved to desist… May 18, 2020 In "Metro" The ever controversial Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje is in the news once again, this time around, the Dr cum prophet was seen with machete. In the video he said that he is in a popular town known for traditional practice and jazz Akokwa. Akokwa is a town in Imo State and… February 12, 2020 In "Metro" The self acclaimed liquid metal, was conferred with a Doctorate in Humanities by Prof Gregory Iyke Ibe, the Chancellor of Gregory University at the school’s recently held convocation ceremony in Abia state, Nigeria. Prophet Oduemeje, the Onitsha based prophet who has recently become famous on social media for his unconventional… November 25, 2019 In "News"