By Martha Agas Jos  – Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has congratulated the newly elected Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) Plateau State Chapter, Rev. Fr. Polycarp Lubo. The governor also congratulated other members of Lubo’s executive following their election on Saturday, June 6. Lalong, in a congratulatory message, by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham, on Sunday in Jos, said the peaceful elections demonstrated the unity and oneness within the Church in Plateau. He said this peace should be sustained by the new CAN Executive. “You should see your election as another affirmation of your calling in the Lord’s vineyard as you serve not only those of the Christian faith, but the society at large. “You should always remember that the society today is in need of love, healing, truth and justice. Use your new offices to propagate these and other tenets of Christianity,” he said. Lalong also advised the new CAN leadership to work toward strengthening unity among different denominations and reaching out to people of other faiths, to foster understanding, tolerance and peaceful coexistence. He assured the chairman and other executives that his administration would appreciate their counsel and prayers for God’s guidance in their discharge of duties. Lalong also thanked the outgoing CAN Chairman, Rev. Soja Bewarang and members of his executive committee for their support and prayers for the state and his administration. (NAN) By Polycarp Auta Jos - Dr Hosea Finangwai, the Plateau Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, says the agricultural policies of Gov. Simon Lalong’s administration have boosted farming activities in Plateau. Finangwai said this on Tuesday in Jos at the inauguration of the newly elected executive members of the state… January 29, 2019 In "News" By Martha Agas Jos - The Catholic Apostolic Administrator of Jos, Arch Bishop Ignatius Kaigama, has urged Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, to ensure an all-inclusive governance in order to foster peace in the state. Kaigama made the call on Saturday in Jos, at the award of the Knight of… January 25, 2020 In "News" JOS - Gov. Simon Lalong of Platea on Thursday in Jos performed the swearing-in ceremony of Mr Dan Dul as Chairman of Lantang North Local Government, one year after he was elected. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the governor, also at the occasion inaugurated Mr Rufus Bature… June 4, 2015 In "News"