Riyadh –   Saudi and U.S. officials on Monday urged the international community to extend a UN arms embargo on Iran, saying that letting the ban expire would allow Tehran to further arm its proxies and destabilise the region. The 13-year-old arms curbs on Iran are due to expire in October under the terms of Tehran’s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. Russia and China have signaled they oppose extending the embargo. Both wield vetoes on the UN Security Council, which will decide the matter. “Despite the embargo, Iran seeks to provide weapons to terrorist groups, so what will happen if the embargo is lifted? Iran will become more ferocious and aggressive,” Saudi minister of State for Foreign Affairs Adel al-Jubeir told a joint news conference with U.S. Iran envoy Brian Hook in Riyadh. Jubeir said a shipment of Iranian weapons bound for Yemen’s Iran-aligned Houthi movement was seized as recently on Sunday. A Saudi-led coalition has been battling the Houthis in Yemen for five years. The conference venue displayed weapons, including drones and missiles that Saudi authorities said were used in cross-border Houthi attacks on Saudi cities and that were supplied to the group by Tehran. “We urge the international community to extend the embargo on selling arms to Iran and on Iran’s ability to sell arms to the world,” Jubeir said. Iran denies arming groups in the Middle East, including the Houthis, and blames regional tensions on the U.S and its allies in the region. Hook said lifting the ban would “only embolden” Tehran, drive greater instability and trigger a regional arms race. “This is not an outcome that the U.N. Security Council can accept. The council’s mandate is clear: to maintain international peace and security,” Hook added. (Reuters/NAN) Washington -   The U.S. on Thursday displayed pieces of what it said were Iranian weapons deployed to militants in Yemen and Afghanistan, a tactic by President Donald Trump’s administration to pressure Tehran to curb its regional activities. The second presentation of Iranian weapons by the Pentagon, many of which… November 29, 2018 In "Foreign" Riyadh - Saudi Air Defence on Friday intercepted and shot down five drones launched by Yemen’s Iran-linked rebels targeting the kingdom amid heightened tensions in the region, a military official said. Col. Turki al-Malki, a spokesman for a Saudi-led alliance fighting the Yemeni rebels, said the drones were fired by… June 14, 2019 In "Foreign" Manama - Visiting U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday, said the fight against terrorism is a critical mission for his country and Bahrain. Kerry made the remarks at a joint press conference at Manama with Minister of Foreign Affairs Shaikh Khalid bin Ahmed Al Khalifa. The top U.S.… April 7, 2016 In "Foreign"