BBNaija star, Ike Onyema has come to the rescue of Mercy Eke after she got into a heated argument with Omashola at the BBNaija reunion. Recall that the drama began after Ebuka Obi-Uchendu asked former housemate Cindy if she was a gossip in the house but she denied it. However, ex-housemate Seyi Awolowo disagreed with her, saying he once caught her gossiping with other housemates. Ebuka then went on to play a clip of when Omashola was reporting Mercy and Ike to Seyi. According to him, Mercy tried to seduce singer, Tuface during his visit by licking her lips and giving Tuface signs. The model also added that he would beat up any of his friends who tried to date Mercy. Another video of Mercy was played which showed her complaining bitterly that Omashola came into the bathroom when Ike and herself were bathing and threw condoms at them. Mercy got furious when Omashola said all the condoms in the house are exhausted because of Ike and her. The incident led to a heated exchange of words between Omashola and Mercy. Omashola in the heat of the moment called Mercy a liar and prostitute. Reacting to the whole drama, Ike took to Twitter to defend Mercy. He wrote; “For the record, no woman, under any circumstances deserve to be slut shamed. Women are the flowers of the nation.” Wednesday’s reunion episode of the Big Brother Naija Pepper Dem re-union show saw the winner of the season, Mercy Eke clash with Omashola Kola-Oburoh As it has been since the beginning of the re-union show, old wounds were revisited, and the Warri-born Omashola was attacked for calling Mercy a prostitute.… June 11, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija Reality TV star, Omashola Kola Oburoh has finally apologized to mercy after he called her a prostitute at the BBNaija reunion show. It all started after BBNaija's official host, Ebuka Obi-Uchendu asked Omashola why he called Mercy names during his conversation with Seyi. Omashola in response said… June 11, 2020 In "Entertainment" Former Big Brother Naija housemate, Ike Onyema couldn't hide his happiness at the housewarming party of his lover, Mercy Eke on Monday. There are still rumours that the duo may have called it quit, though it is still unconfirmed. During the party, the model was spotted whispering something into the… February 11, 2020 In "Metro"