By Rabiu Sani Kano –   Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State will join President Muhammadu Buhari for the investiture of the Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano (AKK) Gas Pipeline project. Mr Abba Anwar, the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, revealed this in a statement on Monday in Kano. Anwar disclosed that Buhari would on Tuesday officially inaugurate the Gas Pipeline Project Right of Way via a video conference. He said the project would begin at the initial point in Ajaokuta through the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Niger, Kaduna and terminate in Kano state. “The event will be through video conferencing. When completed, the project would revive the ailing industries in Kano and Kaduna States, among other benefits. “The project will bounce back the glorious days of Kano industrialisation era, with good and uninterrupted power supply. Gas will also be available,” Ganduje was quoted as saying in the statement. The governor lauded the president for the gesture, noting that it is a clear testimony of the Federal Government’s commitment in creating employment opportunities and saving industries for the overall development of the country. (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday met with a delegation of political and traditional leaders from Kano State led by the State Governor, Alhaji Abdullahi Ganduje, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Speaking to State House correspondents after the meeting, the governor said they were in the… February 7, 2020 In "Politics" By Tukur Muntari   Kano,    -       The Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, has signed an Executive Order of Open Government Partnership (OGP) as part of effort toward the fight against corruption, improve transparency and accountability in governance. Abba Anwar, the Chief Press Secretary to Ganduje stated this in statement… August 28, 2018 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has said that the Federal Government would soon commence the construction of the 600-kilometre Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano gas pipeline which would move gas from the Southern part of the country to the North. Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s spokesman in a statement in Abuja,… November 29, 2019 In "News"