Bogota  –  Brazil, on Tuesday, recorded its largest daily increase in deaths related to the novel coronavirus, data by the country’s Health Ministry showed. The country confirmed 1,262 new virus-related deaths, bringing the total toll to 31,199, according to the latest official figures. Tuesday’s daily jump was the steepest since the first victim was confirmed on March 17, the data showed, surpassing the record set on May 21 of 1,188 deaths in a day. The ministry also reported almost 29,000 new infections for a total of 555,383 cases. After the United States, Brazil is the country with the highest number of officially recorded infections worldwide. Brazil’s death toll is in fourth place globally, behind the U.S., Britain and Italy, according to data collected by Johns Hopkins University in the U.S. Seeing as the biggest nation in Latin America is carrying out relatively low levels of testing, the real figure is likely significantly higher. There have been at least 29,314 coronavirus deaths so far in the country. In many cities in Brazil, hospitals have reached capacity. Authorities have set up makeshift clinics in football stadiums. Meanwhile, a dispute between President Jair Bolsonaro, several governors and congress has paralysed the country. Right-wing populist leader, Bolsonaro, sees the COVID-19 lung disease as a “mild flu” and has rejected protective measures. But many state leaders have put in place their own restrictions on movement and public life to stem the spread of the virus. On Sunday, clashes were reported between Bolsonaro supporters, anti-government protesters and the Police in several Brazilian cities. (dpa/NAN) Madrid - Spain overtook Italy on Monday as the country with most confirmed infections of the new coronavirus, according to the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC). With 130,759 infections, Spain now has around 1,800 more than Italy, ECDC figures showed. Spain superceded Italy over the weekend, according… April 6, 2020 In "Foreign" .....As 150 People Died from Coronavirus Disease in Nigeria By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja -Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Monday said that 242 new cases as confirmed to have tested positive for COVID-19 thereby, increasing the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria to 4,641. Also in its latest… May 12, 2020 In "Top Stories" Seoul - South Korean health authorities on Friday reported the lowest number of daily new coronavirus infections in 50 days. The Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) in Seoul said that 27 new cases of COVID-19, the disease caused by the new virus, were confirmed, bringing the total… April 10, 2020 In "Foreign"