By Adekunle Williams  Ikeja   –  The Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly, Mr Mudashiru Obasa, has commiserated with the family of Sen. Bayo Osinowo who died at age of 64. Obasa, in a condolences message in Lagos on Monday, said that Lagos Assembly had lost a political stabilizer. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late Sen. Osinowo was a four-term member of Lagos House of Assembly, representing Kosofe Constituency I, before moving on to National Assembly. The speaker said that the late politician helped many to resolve their socio-political problems because of the sagacity and wisdom he applied to issues. Obasa said the death of Osinowo, who representated Lagos East in the Senate, had come as a rude shock many in the Lagos House of Assembly were yet to recover from. “Not many could believe that the ebullient and ever-smiling Pepperito, like a candle in the wind, had been blown out. “Even with the evidence that death has done its worst, it is still difficult to come to terms that a political pillar and peacemaker is gone. “For the 16 years (2003- 2019) he was in the Lagos State House of Assembly representing the good people of Kosofe Constituency 1, many loved him for the stabilising role he played at every point in the period. “Throughout his stay in the House, many ran to him for solutions to their socio-political problems because of the sagacity and wisdom he applied to issues,” he said. Obasa said the Lagos Assembly Muslim community would forever be grateful for his fatherly role and financial commitment to the building of the ultra-modern mosque within the assembly complex. (NAN) By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has received with shock and sadness the news of the death of Sen. Adebayo Osinowo on Monday. Lawan in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Ola Awoniyi, condoled with Sen. Osinowo’s family, friends, political associates and also… June 15, 2020 In "News" Lagos -The Lagos State House of Assembly on Tuesday urged Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode to direct appropriate Ministries, Departments and Agencies of government to look into activities of illegal dredgers in the state. The resolution followed a motion moved by Mr Abiodun Tobun (APC-Epe 1) and seconded by Mr Gholahan Yishawu… July 28, 2015 In "News" By OKUNADE ADEKUNLE The rejection of three Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu commissioner nominees by the Lagos State House of Assembly on Monday for confirmation is unconnected with the intensify power struggle and show of strength by the contending political forces/blocs in the Asiwaju Bola Tinubu political dynasty. Those rejected were Ms… August 20, 2019 In "Politics"