ABUJA (Press Release) – In an effort to consolidate the gains made in the telecommunications sector in line with the National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy, President Muhammadu Buhari approved the reappointment of Professor Umar Garba Danbattaas the Executive Vice Chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission. Professor Danbatta’s reappointment was based on the recommendation of the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), in line with the Nigerian Communications Act, 2003. While wishing Professor Danbatta the best, the Honourable Minister directs him to significantly improve on the overall performance of the Commission as well as ensure that adequate mechanisms are put in place to facilitate the implementation of all policies of Federal Government through the Ministry. Furthermore, the Honourable Minister enjoined him to ensure that the interest of telecommunication consumers, Nigerians and investors are adequately protected. Uwa Suleiman (Mrs)Spokesperson to the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy,Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy,Federal Secretariat Complex,Phase I, Annex III, Shehu Shagari Way,Abuja – FCT 5th June 2020 By Sulaiman Uba Gaya •Dr Isa Pantami, Minister of Communication and Digital Economy It was Nicolo Machiavelli, the renowned Italian philosopher, who said that when you give a high political office to incompetent individuals or those who least expect it, chances are that they may come unprepared and in the… March 27, 2020 In "Opinion" Yahaya Ibrahim Zimit, elder brother to the deceased (left) and Prof. Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman/CEO, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), during the condolence visit led by the EVC to the family of late Mukhtari Zimit, a former NCC Board member in Kano at the weekend The Federal Government at the… February 17, 2020 In "News" •Prof Umar Danbatta, EVC of NCC ABUJA - The Arewa Youth Assembly (AYA), a socio-cultural northern group in Nigeria, has rated Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta high in his stewardship as the Executive Vice Chairman (EVC) of the Nigerian Communications Commission since 2015. The group made this known in a statement… April 6, 2020 In "Technology"