The World Health Organization(WHO), has appreciated the government of the United Kingdom for a major breakthrough in the treatment of Covid-19. WHO noted that clinical trials by UK researchers showed that “dexamethasone” is capable of saving a Covid-19 patient. WHO’s Director General Tedros Adhanom, in a tweet on Wednesday, confirmed the effectiveness of the drug on patients with active covid-19 ailments. “@WHO looks forward to learning more about the #dexamethasone study. This is the first treatment to be shown to reduce mortality in severely ill patients with #COVID19 requiring oxygen or ventilator support. “This is welcome news; I congratulate the Government of the #UnitedKingdom, @UniofOxford, the research groups, hospitals, patients and families who have collectively contributed to this lifesaving breakthrough,” he tweeted. Media briefing on #COVID19 with @DrTedros https://t.co/65g60g5Kct  According to Matt Hancock, UK’s Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, the scientific exploits were the effort of teamwork. “The single biggest scientific breakthrough yet in our #coronavirus battle – dexamethasone – is tribute to a huge team effort,” he stated in a tweet on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Adhanom, stressed that governments should not relax in finding, isolating, testing and caring for every patient; and tracing and quarantining every contact. He further added that while clinical trials continues, everyone should keep complying with the public health advisory on covid-19. “While we are searching for #COVID19 treatments we must continue strong efforts to prevent as many infections as possible,” he added. Watch Video Below; WATCH: Delighted to announce the first successful clinical trial for a life-saving #coronavirus treatment- reducing mortality by up to a third & further protecting our NHSThis global first exemplifies the power of science- huge thanks to the team, @oxforduni & Jonathan Van-Tam pic.twitter.com/654oPIsT8t ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria is waiting to adopt Britain’s new magic drug, dexamethasone to treat COVID-19 patients, even as death toll hit 455 on Tuesday night. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the agency at the heart of Nigeria’s COVID-19 battle, the country will await some clearance… June 17, 2020 In "News" A cheap and widely available drug can help save the lives of patients seriously ill with coronavirus. The low-dose steroid treatment dexamethasone is a major breakthrough in the fight against the deadly virus, UK experts say. The drug is part of the world's biggest trial testing existing treatments to see… June 16, 2020 In "Health" According to Metro UK, an experimental drug designed to treat Ebola patients has helped multiple people, including a 79-year-old man in Italy, recover from coronavirus. It was gathered that the elderly man from Lombardy, a region in the north of Italy which has been one of the worst-affected areas in… March 20, 2020 In "Metro"