Repentant Boko Haram terrorists to be reintegrated into the society The Defence Headquarters has revealed that a total of 603 repentant Boko Haram fighters will soon be reintegrated into their communities in July having completed the Deradicalisation, Rehabilitation and Reintegration programme. Spokesperson for the Defence Headquarters, Major-General John Enenche, said this on Thursday. He said the DRR programme under Operation Safe Corridor had recorded tremendous success judging from the feedback from previous trainees. Enenche added that OPSC had admitted 893 ex-combatants for the programme out of which 280 including two Chadians had been successfully reintegrated back into the society through their respective national and state authorities. He said, “Presently, there are 603 of them undergoing the DRR programme and would be graduating by July 2020. “The operation is a success story as feedback from those reintegrated are positive. “A particular one in Bama who learnt barbing as a vocation has successfully empowered four locals and is happily married with children.” Source •Nwachukwu ...No recruitment of ex-terrorists ABUJA - The Defence Headquarters(DHQ) has said that the stories of the de-radicalised Boko Haram ex-fighters being recruited into the Nigerian military is untrue. This was contained in press statement issued Sunday by the Acting Director of Defence Information, Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu, in Abuja. Nwachukwu… December 1, 2019 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Defence Headquarters has dismissed the alleged recruitment of de-redicalised Boko Haram ex-fighters into the Nigerians military. The Acting Director of Defence Information, Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. Nwachukwu described the information being peddled on social media as… December 1, 2019 In "News" According to a report by Punch Metro, the Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olonisakin, has dismissed reports that repentant and rehabilitated Boko Haram members were being recruited into the Nigerian military. Olonisakin, who was represented by Chief of Defence Policy and Plans, AVM Nurudeen Balogun, stated this at a… March 5, 2020 In "News"