Why is the “North” huffing and puffing against Buhari now?; When Southern Kaduna was bleeding the “North” kept quiet;When terrorists took over Benue State, the “North” kept Mum;When Plateau State cried out, the “North” closed its ears;Chibok, Dapchi fell, no single whimper;Southern Kaduna, Benue, Plateau, Taraba are not parts of the “North”,“their North”; Now, Northern Elders Forum, Coalition of Northern Youths, several groups in the North, “their North” are huffing and puffing;Clerics are spewing and speaking out “the truth”;Women, Youths and children are protesting because their “North” is at the receiving end;Katsina, Zamfara, Birnin Gwari Sokoto – “their North” is bleeding; Chibok and Dapchi girls were not worth the protest by the North, “their North”;Southern Kaduna, Benue, Plateau, Taraba are not worth the protests, by the North, “their North”;They are not part of “their North”; Listen to the speeches now;Watch the protests now;Pay attention to the anger;Southern Kaduna, Benue, Plateau, Taraba, Chibok or Dapchi are not mentioned; It is all about the North, “their North” ;When we cried out We expected empathy;We expected the North and the South to cry out with us;We expected all humanity to cry out with us;We expected the North and the South to protest with us;We expected the North and the South to join us;The South cried with and joined us; When we called on the people to take all available legal means to protect and defend themselves;We were called wailers;We were vilified;We were called names;We were accused of hate speech; T. Y. Danjuma was hated;SOKAPU was misunderstood;We were threatened;We were arrested;We were incarcerated; Buhari, Buhari, Buhari is the President;All security organs are in the hands of Northerners, “their North”;Their North is now bleeding;The same bleeding the Middle Belt bled and still bleeds;The same bleeding the South-South, South-West and South-East bled and still bleed; And the North is now huffing and puffing ;Huffing and puffing about the North, “their North” FOR US: It is not about North or South;It is not about Christianity or Islam;It is not about Atyap, Angas; Hausa, Yoruba or Igbos;It is about the blood that flows;North or South, the blood is flowing;Children, women, the aged, the vulnerable, blood is flowing;The blood of the Atyap is precious;The blood of the Yoruba is precious; The blood of the Muslim is precious;The blood of the Christian is precious;We chose to cry out wherever men and women are murdered, raped, terrorised;We cry out at injustice against Christians and Muslims;We chose to cry out; We are crying for the North, yes, “their North”;We are crying for the South;We are crying for Nigeria;We are crying for humanity Solomon Musa,16 June 2020 The oppressive one-North is on its death-bed. General Yakubu Danjuma sang the Nunc Dimittis on Saturday. But if the Middle Belt states are free finally, the credit cannot go to this taciturn General from Takum. The Fulani conquerors deserve the prize; they scored the golden own goal. It has taken… March 27, 2018 In "Opinion" Northern Groups, Eld­ers Disagree Over Igbo Qu­it Order June 9, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Tola Adeniyi We have lived with this myth for far too long. We have tolerated and accepted this political deception for as long as anyone can remember. But the myth has to be exposed for what it really is. The lie must be consigned to the dust bin.  The… June 11, 2017 In "Opinion"