Beijing –   China reported 21 new cases of the coronavirus on Saturday, in the midst of an ongoing outbreak in Beijing. All 17 of the the locally transmitted new cases were reported in the capital, according to the latest figures from national health authorities. Four imported cases were also reported in Guangdong, Gansu, and Shanghai. The uptick in new cases in Beijing goes against predictions by National Health Commission expert Wu Hao. After just nine new cases were reported on Monday he said that the situation had reached a “calm” and that new cases would either remain in the single digits or precipitously drop this week. A total of 299 new COVID-19 cases have been confirmed in Beijing since a local cluster was traced back to the sprawling Xinfadi wholesale market in the city’s south-western Fengtai district on June 11. Since then the capital has taken drastic steps to contain the outbreak, conducting mass testing, closing schools, putting neighbourhoods on lockdown, and banning all unnecessary travel. On Friday the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CCDC) confirmed that the strain of the virus sweeping through Beijing is not the same as the one found in the initial epicentre of the pandemic, Wuhan, in late 2019. The CCDC also ruled out the possibility of zoonotic transmission like in Wuhan, where the virus first jumped from an animal host into humans at the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market. According to the CCDC’s top epidemiologist Wu Zunyou, the Beijing strain is similar to Europe’s, but was not necessarily transmitted directly from European countries. (dpa/NAN) Beijing - China reported 27 new cases of the coronavirus on Saturday, according to the latest figures from health authorities. Of those, 21 were confirmed in Beijing, which is continuing to struggle with a week-long outbreak at its largest agricultural market. One case was also diagnosed in the neighbouring Hebei… June 20, 2020 In "Foreign" Beijing - China reported 18 new coronavirus cases for June 21, nine of which were in the capital Beijing, the National Health Commission said on Monday. This compared with 26 confirmed cases a day earlier, 22 of which were in Beijing. Local authorities are restricting movement of people in the… June 22, 2020 In "Foreign" Beijing - The death toll from the novel coronavirus outbreak in China passed the 1,000 mark for the first time on Tuesday, according to figures released by the country’s health authorities. More than 100 people died due to the virus on Monday, a sharp spike that exceeded the 97 deaths… February 11, 2020 In "Foreign"