Taipei  – Taiwan says the model of “one country, two systems” imposed in Hong Kong has failed because Beijing has betrayed its promises to keep a high degree of autonomy for 50 years after the 1997 handover from British rule. Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen made this known to reporters in Taipei on Tuesday. Tsai’s comments came after Beijing’s top legislative body reportedly unanimously passed Hong Kong’s national security law. “It’s very disappointing that China fails to keep its promises. “The model of ‘one country, two systems’ doesn’t work,” she asserted. Beijing used the model of “one country, two systems” to bring the former European colonies Hong Kong and Macau back under its control. Taiwan has repeatedly rejected Beijing’s plan to apply the same model to it. Tsai said she hoped that the Hong Kong people would keep fighting for values they’ve cherished, including freedom, democracy and human rights and noted that her self-governing democratic island has set up an action plan to offer humanitarian assistance. “Our Taiwan-Hong Kong Services and Exchanges Office will open tomorrow (July 1) to further facilitate humanitarian aid,” she said. In a statement, the Mainland Affairs Council, Taiwan’s top government agency on policy dealings with Beijing, said on Tuesday that the new office also included special services for Hong Kongers seeking opportunities to study, work, or invest in Taiwan. Taiwan has had an independent government since 1949, but China considers the democratic island part of its territory. (dpa/NAN) Beijing - China’s top legislative body approved a national security law for Hong Kong on Tuesday in a move expected to raise tensions between Beijing and foreign governments. Tam Yiu-chung, Hong Kong’s sole representative to the National People’s Congress Standing Committee, confirmed the law’s passage in an interview broadcast by… June 30, 2020 In "Foreign" Kaohsiung (Taiwan) - Taiwan on Saturday voted in presidential and parliamentary elections that will be closely watched by Beijing, which claims the democratic island as its own, in the shadow of anti-government protests in Hong Kong. China and the Hong Kong unrest have become major elements in the election as… January 11, 2020 In "Foreign" BEIJING - China's parliament said on Thursday that its decision on Hong Kong electoral reforms issued in 2014stands in spite of Hong Kong's legislature vetoing the China-vetted electoral reform package, local media reports have said. Earlier, Hong Kong's legislature on Thursday vetoed China-vetted electoral reform package criticized by opposition pro-democracy… June 18, 2015 In "Foreign"