Valencia (Spain) –   Valencia were held to a 1-1 home draw by Levante in La Liga after the visitors levelled eight minutes into stoppage time with a VAR-awarded penalty kick on Friday. Gonzalo Melero converted the last gasp penalty kick to cancel out Rodrigo’s late opener as Europe ticket-chasing Valencia stayed seventh on 43 points from 28 games. The result left Levante in 12th with 34 points. Earlier, Granada beat Getafe 2-1 on the second day of play in La Liga after a three-month break due to the COVID-19 crisis. The lack of recent play made for a slow start at Mestalla, but Valencia dominated and were left to rue missed opportunities at halftime. They had the clearest chance when Carlos Soler’s shot crashed onto the crossbar in the 29th minute. Valencia came close again as Mouctar Diakhaby’s header hit the post on the stroke of half-time. The game finally sprung into life in the late stages. After Levante’s Roger Marti was sent off for a second yellow card in the 74th minute, Valencia went ahead one minute from time when Rodrigo fired home from inside the box. But Diakhaby brought down Ruben Vezo to bring about a dramatic finale. What referee Javier Alberola Rojas thought was a free kick just outside the area, was turned into a penalty kick, which Melero coolly converted, by the VAR. (Reuters/NAN) By Richard Martin BARCELONA  - Lionel Messi squeezed home a stoppage-time penalty to grab a thrilling 3-2 win for champions Barcelona in a controversial La Liga match at Valencia on Saturday. Talisman Messi scored against Valencia for the 10th season in a row to put the visitors ahead in the… October 23, 2016 In "Sports" Vincent Enyeama is once again proving to be the star of Ligue 1 club, Lille OSC following his heroics in the 2013/14 season. The Super Eagles goalkeeper kept his third clean sheet in as many matches as Lille OSC beat Lorient 2-0 on match day three of the competition. Enyeama… August 25, 2014 In "Sports" Abuja -   Real Madrid’s hopes of retaining their La Liga title appeared to be fading fast as they lost in the “El Classico” on Saturday. Goals from Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Aleix Vidal propelled FC Barcelona to a 3-0 win, lifting them 14-points clear of their rivals in… December 23, 2017 In "Sports"