Meru (Kenya) –   A light Kenyan police aircraft, ferrying a security team to a meeting, crash-landed in the eastern region of Meru early Saturday, the Police and witnesses said. The police aircraft, which was en-route to Marsabit in northern Kenya, crashed at Kaithe Kithoka in Meru after developing mechanical problems. Police Air-wing Commandant, Rodgers Mbithi, said the pilot in the ill-fated chopper and himself left Wilson airport in Nairobi with two choppers heading for the meeting. “I have talked to the pilot and he, with the others, who were on board are okay and are in stable condition,’’ he said of the aircraft, which carried six people including the pilot. Mbithi, who was on a different aircraft, said he managed to fly to Garissa and Wajir in the northeast region to pick up his team. It is not clear if the meeting will go on. Witnesses said the chopper hovered over the same spot before crashing minutes after it had taken off from an airstrip. Police said the injured were rushed to the hospital in the area in stable condition and there were plans to transfer them to Nairobi. The scheduled meeting was to solve a number of security issues in the Marsabit region which is prone to cattle rustling and inter-communal conflicts. The crashed chopper is an AgustaWestland AW119 and is among the new fleets acquired by police. It is suspected that bad weather caused the crash. Aviation officials have launched investigations into the incident. (Xinhua/NAN) The Nigeria military said one of its helicopters made an emergency landing in the restive northeast on Monday, while witnesses and a security source reported that the chopper crashed with several foreigners on board. Defence spokesman Chris Olukolade said the helicopter left on a training mission at about 9:30 am… November 11, 2014 In "News" NAIROBI - Kenya Defence Forces (KDF) confirmed on Friday that its combat aircraft which crashed in southern Somalia on Thursday after developing mechanical problems came down within Al-Shabaab territory who later set it on fire. KDF spokesman Col. David Obonyo said the fate of the pilot remained unknown. He said… December 5, 2014 In "Foreign" London  -  A British court on Tuesday jailed the pilot of a light-aircraft for 19 years after he was convicted of smuggling cocaine worth tens of millions of pounds on flights from Germany. Andrew Wright, 52, was arrested in November 2014 with 34 kilograms of cocaine, with a street value… February 9, 2016 In "Foreign"