Diane and Elozonam had a thing in the BBNaija 2019 house, but it seemed like it all fizzled out after the show ended. On last night’s episode of the BBNaija 2019 reunion, the duo opened up on what really happened. Elozonam and Diane also revealed why they think their relationship did not work, despite its energy at the beginning. During the Pepper Dem Reunion show, the show’s host Ebuka Obi-Uchendu after airing a short clip of Diane and Elozonam’s display of affection while in Big Brother house, gave the two a chance to explain where things currently are with the two of them. Elozonam stated he really cared about Diane and that Diane was the girl he felt connected to when he first came into the house and was feeling a little “socially awkward”. However he said, she always treated him like an option which made him feel he’s the only person in love. He said she was always talking about someone outside the house, who was later revealed as handsome actor, Mulawi Gavor. Diane in her response said she made it obvious to Elozonam that she liked him and that he [Elozonam] wouldn’t deny that. She admitted she was also suspicious of Elozonam’s motive in the house at the time because he came in at the 4th or 5th week. Ebuka then inquired about their relationship after the show. It became immediately evident that the two had not maintained the same close relationship they had in the house after the show. Watch the clips below: Diane and Elozonam looked cute together in the house but this drama here rn doesn't make fr. I follow back #BBNaijaReunion pic.twitter.com/7Bnw3mGo9N Part two of Diane and Elozonam drama. I follow back instantly! #BBNaijaReunion pic.twitter.com/u1I3b3pthz Source Two new housemates Venita Akpofure and Elozonam Ogbolu were introduced on Tuesday, stirring up excitement among fans of the show. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that at exactly 7pm, the Big Brother Naija doors were open to the newest members of the ‘pepper dem’ gang following a prior announcement… August 1, 2019 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Cindy has disclosed why she wants fellow housemate, Frodd, saved from this Sunday’s live eviction. It was reported that seven BBNaija housemates including: Mike, Seyi, Mercy, Diane, Frodd, Jackie and Gedoni, have been selected for possible eviction this week. The housemates were nominated after the… August 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" BBNaija housemates, Ike and Mercy have made history in the Big Brother Naija show as they both emerged as the Head of House for the first time ever after a challenging Task. The Head of House challenge started, on Monday, with a brief for the Pepper Dem Gang from Biggie… September 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"