A German slaughterhouse business on Wednesday reported that 400 of its workers had tested positive for the novel coronavirus since the beginning of this week. There have been a handful of coronavirus outbreaks in meat-processing plants and slaughterhouses across Germany. Concerns have been raised about the working and living conditions of meat industry workers, many of whom are temporary labourers from Eastern Europe. Out of the 500 tests conducted on workers in slaughterhouses and meat-processing plants belonging to the Toennies Group in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, 400 came back positive, company officials said. Local and company officials planned to give a press conference on the outbreak later in the day, and the state health ministry said it would deliver details about the situation to the state parliament. “The company must reduce its production levels as far as possible,” local official Sven-Georg Adenauer told the Neue Westfaelische newspaper. After a coronavirus hotspot was identified in a meat-processing plant in Coesfeld in May, the government ordered companies involved in the meat industry to conduct regular coronavirus tests on their workers. (dpa/NAN) A furious Iowa sheriff blasted the “inept” and “dysfunctional” Tyson Fresh Meats plant in his county where about 900 workers contracted COVID-19. “It incenses me,” Black Hawk County Sheriff Tony Thompson told Rachel Maddow Wednesday night on MSNBC. He blasted a full-page ad that Tyson took out in The New York… May 2, 2020 In "Foreign" Warsaw - European Commission experts began an investigation into tainted Polish beef on Monday amid a food scandal sparked by the discovery of illegal practices at a plant in north-eastern Poland. Pawel Niemczuk, head of Poland’s veterinary inspectorate said the Brussels delegation would analyse the situation on the ground for… February 4, 2019 In "Foreign" ABUJA - Poor transportation system, storage facilities, lack of water and electricity are some of the factors affecting meat management in the country, a survey conducted by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) has revealed. A butcher in Kebbi state, Malam Musa Shehu, told NAN that lack of vehicles to… May 22, 2015 In "News"