By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja  –  The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governors’ Forum has congratulated Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo, for emerging as the party flag bearer for the state governorship election scheduled for Sept. 19. The Forum Chairman, Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State, in a congratulatory message signed by its Director-General, Mr CID Maduabum, on Friday in Abuja, said Obaseki’s emergence was a testament to his leadership skills.Tambuwal enjoined the governor to continue to deploy his management skill in uniting the PDP and Edo people in the great task of enthroning good governance and accountability in the state.“This sets the stage for a resounding victory for PDP in September.“Indeed, the PDP has demonstrated with this outing in Edo State, that it has learnt the lessons of the past and is poised to elevate the PDP platform as one that can offer stable and focused leadership for Nigeria.“The huge task of winning the Edo State election has just begun, and we counselour flagbearer to run an issue based campaign, anchored on his highly acclaimed record of superlative performance in office so far,” he said.Tambuwal thanked the leadership of the PDP, particularly the Uche Secondus-ledNational Working Committee, as well as the Edo State chapter for its supporting role.He also appreciated the rank and file of the party for their exceptional conflict resolution mechanism and cooperation employed to achieve the seamless rancour-free outcome of the primary.Tambuwal admonished all organs of state, such as the security agencies and the Independent National Electoral Commission, to ensure a free and fair election in Edo in September.“We urge Nigerians and the Civil society to be vigilant to ensure that all votes are counted and that all votes count in Edo State in September,” he said.Meanwhile, the PDP Board of Trustees, Chairman, Sen. Walid Jibrin, also congratulated Obaseki for emerging as the party’s flag bearer.Jubrin also congratulated PDP NWC and the party’s governors for bringing Obaseki into the PDP, as well as the party’s state executives for sustaining the party.He appealed to the leadership and all members of PDP to continue making the party strong and united in its efforts to rule Nigeria come 2023.“The party should shun actions that will not bring progress.“The BoT is ever ready to work with party members, especially of our NWC and governors,” he said. (NAN) By Bukola Adewumi Abuja -  Gov. Rauf Aregbesola of Osun on Thursday in Abuja thanked Edo electorate for voting Godwin Obaseki of the All Progressives Congress (APC), saying “thank you for not changing the change’’ . Aregbesola said this when he broke the news of Obaseki’s victory as Edo governor-elect… September 29, 2016 In "News" Edo State governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, said on Saturday that he still enjoys the support and sympathy of governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Obaseki made the disclosure at the Abuja national secretariat of the PDP shortly after he was screened for the June… June 21, 2020 In "Politics" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The people of Edo State have been commended for voting for Mr. Godwin Obaseki, candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), during Wednesday’s governorship election in the state. The Rivers State chapter of the APC made the commendation in a statement issued on Thursday afternoon,… September 29, 2016 In "News"