Former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar has congratulated Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State for joining the Peoples Democratic Party, The Punch reports. Atiku in a press statement by his media office on Friday expressed confidence that the people of Edo would be better for his choice. The PDP presidential candidate in the 2019 elections noted that Obaseki joined the PDP when the party was poised to deliver good governance to the people of Nigeria. He said, “I am happy that you have finally exited the oppressive ruling party and joined the truly democratic party in Nigeria. “I have no doubt that your coming into the PDP would further strengthen our party to mobilise the people behind the common cause of deepening democratic ethos in our country and restoring prosperity to our people. “The PDP that you have come to join today is a reformed and repositioned party – one that lives by its name of being a truly democratic party. “I have an unflinching conviction that your joining the party would be an asset to the PDP. “Together, we can work to extinct every form of undemocratic tendencies in our body politic and realign the good people of Edo State to the moving train of democracy and restoration of good governance to the country.” Source KINDLY SHARE THIS STORY Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki with a Peoples Democratic Party's membership card Sodiq Oyeleke Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, has told his supporters that he would be contesting the 2020 governorship election in the state on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party. Obaseki, who had… June 19, 2020 In "Politics" Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, yesterday, insisted that there is a  plot by the ruling All Progressives Congress  (APC) to rig the forthcoming general elections by importing   foreigners into the country to vote in the February 16 elections.  Atiku Atiku… February 3, 2019 In "Top Stories"