By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – No fewer than three members of the National Working Committee are now laying claim to the Chairmanship of the All Progressives Congress. Sundiata Post recalls that the Appeal Court on Tuesday upheld the suspension of the National Chairman of the party, Comrade Adam Oshiomhole. To stave off leadership vacuum, the National Working Committee of the party had on Tuesday night named the Deputy National Chairman (South) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Abiola Ajimobi, as acting national chairman of the party in line with Section 14 subsection 3 of the APC constitution that states that: “The Deputy National Chairman shall act as the National Chairman in the absence of the National Chairman from his zone.” But at a press conference at the party’s national secretariat on Wednesday, Deputy National Secretary, Chief Victor Giadom, said a subsisting order of FCT High court delivered on the 16th of March 2020, by Justice S.U. Bature, ordered that with the earlier suspension of Oshiomhole, he should act as the National Chairman of the party. He claimed that the order could not be immediately effected at that time because of the temporary reprieve Oshiomhole got from the Court of Appeal on the same date. Giadom however said having removed the temporary reprieve Tuesday by the Court of Appeal and considering the fact that the party could not allow leadership vaacum, he had assumed office as acting national chairman in compliance with the order of the court. He also announced the cancelation of the decision of the Screening and Appeal Committees of the Edo governorship primary which disqualified Governor Godwin Obaseki, hinging it on a “strict compliance with the provisions of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria that forbids anyone who is interested in a cause to be a judge in that same cause.” Obaseki, who had been having a running battle with Oshiomhole, had announced his resignation from the APC on Tuesday following his disqualification from the upcoming party guber primary. •APC Acting National Chairman, Senator Isiaka Ajimobi ABUJA - The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday elevated Senator Abiola Ajimobi to serve as its acting National Chairman after the Court of Appeal upheld the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole. Senator Ajimobi was the party’s Deputy National Chairman for the southern region… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" Prince Hilliard Eta, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Vice-Chairman, South-South, has assumed duties as the party’s Acting National Chairman. The way was paved for him to assume the position following yesterday's Appeal Court verdict upholding the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as the party’s National Chairman on Tuesday. Prince Hilliard… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Tjhe Deputy National Chairman (South) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Segun Oni, will lead a six-member team from the Party’s National Leadership to coordinate the Party’s Situation Room for the November 26, 2016 governorship election in Ondo State. The decision was reached after a… November 22, 2016 In "Politics"