Dangote has denied allegations that he is a co-owner of Executive Jets Services Ltd, an aviation company whose operating license was recently suspended indefinitely by the Ministry of Aviation after flouting lockdown guidelines for safety when it conveyed an artiste to Abuja for a concert. A statement by Anthony Chiejina, Group Head, Branding and Corporate Communications, Dangote Group refuted claims that Alhaji Aliko Dangote is part owner of Executive Jets Services Ltd and further denied ownership of the Bombardier Challenger 605 with registration number 5N-EXS. He said; “Our attention has been drawn to an online publication which alleged that our President/CEO, Aliko Dangote is a co-owner of the Executive Jets Services Ltd, a private airline based in Lagos. We hereby refute this allegation in its entirety, as Aliko Dangote has no stake or vested interest in the Executive Jets Services Ltd.” He further said; “The said aircraft Bombardier Challenger 605 with registration number 5N-EXS does not belong to Aliko Dangote. Dangote Group only keeps its fleet of aircraft in the hangars operated by Executive Jets Services Ltd just as others also avail themselves of the hangar services. The general public is hereby advised to disregard this unfounded and misleading report.” Source Aliko Dangote’s plan to reduce Nigeria’s dependency on fuel imports will carve out an even bigger slice of the nation’s $376 billion economy for his empire. The best way to appreciate the scale of Aliko Dangote’s empire is to hitch a ride on one of his private jets. A half-hour… March 3, 2019 In "Features" By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma Douala (Cameroon)  - Dangote Cement Plc, on Thursday, achieved another feat with the inauguration of 250 million-dollar (N48.75 billion) cement grinding plant in Douala, Cameroon. Dangote Group also laid the foundation stone for a 200 metre jetty in Douala. Alhaji Aliko Dangote, President/ Chief Executive, Dangote Group,… August 27, 2015 In "Business" By Grace Alegba Lagos - The Federal Government on Sunday commended the Dangote Group for its proposed plan to expand its domestic revenue generation drive from four billion dollars to 30 billion dollars annually from 2021 to boost the nation’s economy. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs… December 16, 2019 In "News"