This is the horrifying moment a 4ft snake was pulled out from a Russian woman’s mouth. According to reports, the reptile crawled inside her as she slept in the yard of her home in Levashi village in Dagestan. When she started feeling unwell, she was rushed to a hospital where she was put under general anaesthetic. During her operation, a doctor was filmed removing the snake after inserting a tube down her throat. The female patient was not identified and her current condition is unknown. Locals in the Levashi village say such incidents happen infrequently and they have advised people not to sleep outside because of the risk of snakes slithering inside their mouths. Watch the Video Below; Horrifying moment a 4ft Snake is pulled from a woman's throat after it crawled into her mouth while she slept in Russia. According to reports, the reptile crawled inside her as she slept in the yard of her home in Levashi village in Dagestan. When she started feeling unwell, she was rushed to a hospital where she was put under general anaesthetic. During her operation, a doctor was filmed removing the snake after inserting a tube down her throat.  The female patient was not identified and her current condition is unknown. : Mail Online A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Aug 31, 2020 at 1:06am PDT Source A 27-year-old man identified only as “Sooraj” has been arrested for allegedly murdering his wife by letting loose a cobra in her room after first failing to kill her with a viper. According to Dailymail. co.uk, Sooraj, who worked in a private bank, bought the snake to kill his wife,… May 26, 2020 In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  An 80-year-old woman said to have been raped by unknown persons was, on Monday morning, found lying on the floor, dead, inside her house with her mouth stuffed with clothes. The octogenarian, Jedidah Wanjiru, according to a Kenya’s news medium, Saily Daily Nation, had bruises on her… August 12, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Founder of Miracle Working God Ministry in Sapele, Delta State, Prophet Patrick Eyaefe, whose wife died from snake bite hours after their wedding, yesterday, narrated how the negligence of a private hospital led to her death. The 44-year-old pastor said they had been together for eight… April 5, 2019 In "News"