Nigerian shop owners in Ghana have been left in a state of distress after the authorities ordered them to pay taxes and other fees totallying $1m . The country’s Ministry of Trades, while insisting on the payment, said that claims of unfair treatment on Nigerian traders in the enforcement of the Ghana Investment Promotion Council regulations were not true. Appearing on Starr FM on Sunday, the Head of Communications, Ministry of Trade, Prince Boakye Boateng, said the law being enforced by the Ministry gave the Ghana Union of Traders Association the right to be the sole traders in the local market. This signifies the collapse of the earlier intervention of the Presidents of Ghana and Nigeria through the Economic Community of West African States. Ghana is asking the Nigerian traders to pay a $1m registration fee. One of the Nigerian traders had recorded a video of the incident while his shop was being locked up by the Ghanaian security officials. Despite displaying his business registration certificate and other documents, the enforcement team shut his shop. Boateng said Nigerian traders failed to honour an ultimatum to meet the requirements. He said, “It cannot be that we’ve been insensitive; if that is what they’re saying, I’ll be disappointed because, I’ll rather say they have rather been unfair to us as a regulatory body because we have given them more than enough time to the extent that even the Ghanaians thought that the ministry was not ready to enforce the law.” Recall that the Nigerian Senate had tasked its Committees on Foreign Affairs and Trade and Investment to liaise with the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs to investigate hostile policies against Nigerian businesses in Ghana. Source The Ghanaian Minister for Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration, Ms. Shirley Ayorkor-Botchwey was last Monday in Abuja on a charm offensive. Her visit came four days after Nigerian traders in Ghana reported that the envisaged attacks on them by members of the Ghana Union Traders Association (GUTA) had commenced at… August 13, 2018 In "Opinion" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday sought for inquiry on the alleged closure of more than 600 shops and businesses  belonging to Nigerians by Ghana Union of Traders Association (GUTA) on Dec. 2. The resolution of the Senate to wade into the matter followed a motion sponsored… December 17, 2019 In "News" By Fortune Abang Abuja - Mr Chukwuemeka Nnaji, President of Nigerian Traders Union in Ghana, on Saturday decried Ghanaian authorities’ closure of shops owned by Nigerians doing business in the country.Nnaji, who made this known in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), urged the Federal Government… August 15, 2020 In "News"