Popular Nigerian singer, Davido and his crew members, DMW have paid a visit to billionaire, Ned Nwoko and his wife, Regina Daniels at their home in their Abuja mansion. The visit was captured in a video. In the clip, the multiple award winning Nigerian artist and his crew stopped by Ned and Regina’s to say hi to their newborn baby, Prince Munir Neji Nwoko. According to online sources, this is Davido’s first visit to the influential couple’s house, since the birth of their newborn baby boy 2 months ago. Davido could be seen with Peruzzi, Israel DMW, and a host of other crew members. Members of Davido’s DMW crew could be seen recording themselves while having fun in the mansion. They also decided to have a feel of Ned Nwoko’s swimming pool before leaving the mansion. Watch video below: Popular Nigerian music executive, Davido and his crew, DMW, recently paid a courtesy visit to billionaire, Ned Nwoko and his wife, Regina DanielsSelf acclaimed Omo Baba Olowo visited the Nwoko family in their Abuja mansion to say hi to their newborn baby, Prince Munir Neji Nwoko pic.twitter.com/r5T60qYmMu Source An adorable video of billionaire, Ned Nwoko cradling his newborn son with Regina Daniels, Munir to sleep has surfaced online capturing the hearts of many. Ned Nwoko looks like he is playing the hand on father role with his newborn son Munir who he welcomed with his youngest wife, Regina… July 28, 2020 In "News" Young Nollywood star, Regina Daniels, is enjoying all the glitz associated with befriending billionaire businessman and politician Ned Nwoko. The last few days saw Regina making numerous public appearances with Nwoko. The secret marriage of the love birds is no longer looking like one of the tales from Nollywood, writes Ferdinand… June 5, 2019 In "Metro" Billionaire businessman, Ned Nwoko, has been spotted goofing around with singer, Teni at his home. The politician could be seen in a video teaching the singer how to swim. Videos of their swimming lessons were shared on Instagram by the politician’s wife, Regina Daniels. Recall, Daniels had taken to the photo-sharing platform to… December 24, 2019 In "Entertainment"