Bangkok –   The land crossing between Malaysia and Singapore on Monday re-opened as the two neighbours further relaxed curbs first imposed in March to stem the spread of the coronavirus. Business travel of up to 14 days is allowed, while some Malaysians who are employed in Singapore can once again cross the border to go to work. An estimated 300,000 commuters crossed the frontier each day for work before the lockdown was imposed in Malaysia on March 18, while Singapore initiated its lockdown on April 7 and both have since eased restrictions. According to the Ministry of Health statistics, about 9,200 cases of the novel coronavirus has been diagnosed in Malaysia. However, more than 55,000 cases had been recorded in Singapore, almost all among foreign workers living in crowded residences. However, most domestic business restrictions had been lifted in Malaysia and Singapore, both borders remained closed to tourists, further damaging economies hard hit by lockdowns that saw many businesses closed. Earlier, Malaysia and Singapore announced record Gross Domestic Product (GDP) contractions in the second quarter, with Singapore’s economy shrinking a revised record 13.2 per cent and Malaysia’s by over 17 per cent. However, Singapore official data announced exports stayed down in July, showing a 7.9 per cent fall year-on-year, a decline that would have been steeper without solid demand for Singapore’s electronics and pharmaceutical output. (dpa/NAN) Kuala Lumpur - Malaysian Prime Minister, Muhyiddin Yassin, on Thursday announced that a lockdown aimed at stemming the novel coronavirus pandemic will be extended until May 12. He made the announcement during a television broadcast to mark the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. Malaysia’s new cases of… April 23, 2020 In "Foreign" Rich tourists have been flouting coronavirus lockdown rules by using private jets to fly out of the UK and back in, according to a report. An investigation by The Times revealed that a total of 545 private jets have landed in UK airfields since the lockdown began on 23 March,… April 20, 2020 In "Foreign" •Prof Chukwuma Soludo This piece summarizes my contribution to an African debate. From Johannesburg to Lagos, Cairo to Dakar, Kinshasa to Kigali, Nairobi to Accra, etc the debate on how Africa should respond to the global coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic is raging. At an African regional policy platform, I had expressed… April 24, 2020 In "Opinion"