Colombo  – Sri Lanka’s longest-serving party leader and former Prime Minister, Ranil Wickremesinghe, on Monday announced quitting the party. The announcement came after his party suffered a humiliating defeat at last week’s parliamentary elections, a party spokesman said. Wickremesinghe, 71, announced he would quit as the leader of the United National party (UNP) after he lost his parliamentary seat, ending 43 consecutive years as member of the parliament. According to the General-Secretary of the party, Akila Kariyawasm, Wickremesinghe decided to step down from the UNP leadership position to allow the party to name a new leader. Wickremesinghe was thrust into party leadership after former president Ranasinghe Premadasa was assassinated by a Tamil rebel suicide bomber in 1993. Since then, he has served four terms as Prime Minister and acted as opposition leader in parliament five times. The UNP suffered its worst ever defeat at Wednesday’s parliamentary elections, as it was left with just one solidarity seat. Since 1947, the party has ruled the country for a total of 42 years. However, most of its popular members quit UNP before the elections and contested under a different party known as the United Peoples’ Front (SJB), returning 54 members to the new parliament. (dpa/NAN) Colombo   -      Sri Lanka’s       President Maithripala Sirisena swore in a new cabinet on Thursday, reinstating Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe’s ministers. It did the swearing-in after a court ruling put the premier back at the helm after a seven-week political crisis. Sirisena retained the key portfolios of… December 20, 2018 In "Foreign" COLOMBO - After conceding defeat in a closely-contested presidential election, Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa has moved out of his official residence, an official said on Friday. "The president has left his official residence Temple Trees in respect to the people's decision," a presidential spokesman said.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Rajapaksa, 69, had… January 9, 2015 In "Foreign" Colombo - Sri Lanka’s Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe on Tuesday informed the parliament that local extremist group “National Towheed Jamaat’’ was linked to a global terror network. Wickremesinghe said that following Sunday’s deadly attacks search operations were ongoing to nab more suspects, who were linked to this group. The prime… April 23, 2019 In "News"