President Donald Trump painted a grim picture of life in the U.S. if his rival, Joe Biden, were to win the November presidential election, promising that there would be insecurity economic decline, and an end to basic rights such as free speech and gun ownership. “No one will be safe in Biden’s America,” Trump said, as he accepted his party’s nomination to run for a second and final term as president on the last night of the Republican National Convention. The threat dovetailed with a law-and-order message that seems set to dominate the Republican campaign, as just over two months are left before polling day. The speech, which lasted nearly 70 minutes – by far the longest at either party’s convention – included outlandish claims, such as that Trump is the greatest president for African Americans since Abraham Lincoln, who freed slaves. Trump, 74, held the speech on the South Lawn of the White House, a controversial move with limited parallel in U.S. history, as generally such conventions are held in arenas away from government property. Members of Biden’s Democratic Party have criticised the move. Moreover, the pandemic notwithstanding, Trump gathered a crowd of many hundreds who sat closely crowded, mostly without masks, some shaking hands as they greeted one another. The president used the speech to hail his own handling of the coronavirus pandemic, insisting he had moved swiftly and saved lives. “We will defeat the virus and the pandemic and emerge stronger than ever before,” Trump said, without laying out a specific plan. He said a vaccine could be ready before the end of the year. Some 180,000 people have died in the country from the coronavirus, the worst absolute number of fatalities in any nation and one of the worst figures on a per capita basis. Democrats have long accused Trump of bungling the response to the pandemic. While the Republicans promised a positive convention, and often strove to present average citizens who praised the president’s policies on trade, housing and criminal justice, Trump’s speech tapped into darker premonitions. “Joe Biden is not a saviour of America’s soul, he is a destroyer of America’s jobs, and, if given the chance, he will be the destroyer of American greatness,” Trump said. “Joe Biden’s agenda is ‘made in China.’ My agenda is ‘made in the USA,’” Trump added to cheers from a crowd. Trump promised to pull supply chains from China. “We are bringing it home,” he continued. Trump drummed up fear of a Biden presidency where guns are confiscated from households, liberal orthodoxies are imposed by force while free speech is stifled, and socialism becomes the dominant economic ideology. Biden, who is 77, has spent nearly five decades in the public eye as a moderate, and during the Democratic primary he had to fend off a number of challengers from the left. Trump attacked the globalized trade policies of his predecessors, as well as the foreign wars that the country has repeatedly entered, such as in Iraq and Afghanistan, and which the president noted “never end.” He pointed to Biden’s vote in the Senate in favour of the Iraq war. The president also referenced ongoing unrest over the summer that stemmed from protests against police brutality and racial injustice following the deaths of black citizens at the hands of law enforcement officers. (dpa/NAN) By Harrison Arubu New York -U.S. Democratic Party has officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, as its candidate for the Nov. 3 presidential election. Joe, whose nomination came on the second day of the party’s virtual National Convention on Tuesday night, will face incumbent President Donald Trump in… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign" By Harrison Arubu New York -Democrats on Tuesday night officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, to face incumbent President Donald Trump in the Nov. 3 U.S. presidential election. Biden’s nomination came on the second night of the party’s virtual National Convention under the theme, “Leadership Matters”. His emergence… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign" By Harrison Arubu New York - Sen. Kamala Harris was a fierce critic of Joe Biden during the Democratic Party’s presidential primary won by the latter. Harris, 55, contested against Biden for the party’s ticket and dealt him severe blows during the debates in 2019. But on Tuesday, Biden named… August 12, 2020 In "Foreign"