By Peter Amine Joe  –  The former Commissioner of Works in Plateau, Chris Hassan has emerged the new Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).Maj.-Gen. Amnon Kwaskebe (rtd), the Returning Officer of the State Elective Congress who announced the result, said that Hassan, polled 1,649 votes to defeat three other contestants.The closest challenger, Mr Bitrus Kaze, scored 22 votes.He said that Capt. Bitrus Goleng, who emerged the Deputy Chairman of the party, scored 1,585 votes to defeat Mr Amos Gombi, a former deputy chairman of the party, who got 29 votes.Kwaskebe said Mr Emmanuel Dawam, who scored 1,592 votes, was elected Secretary of the party, defeating Mr Illiya Zakari, who got 12 votes.The position of the State Women Leader was won by Mrs Martina Dakur, who scored 1,356 votes to defeat Mrs Christie Sunkur.Others elected are Mr Samaila Abubakar, State Treasurer, Mr John Akans, Publicity Secretary, Mr Yakubu Chocho, State Organising Secretary and Mrs Angela Shinkur, State AuditorThose elected as zonal vice chairmen were Mr Davou Mang, Plateau North, Mr Jeremiah Setmak, Plateau Central and Mr Simon Domle, Plateau South.Meanwhile, some officials including Mr Binchen Jantur, State Legal Adviser, were returned unopposed.The returning officer commended members of the party for the wonderful organisation and peaceful conduct during the congress.Sen. Suleiman Adokwe, Plateau PDP Caretaker Chairman, congratulated the new officials for the victory and urged them to carry everyone along.Adokwe urged them to work tirelessly for the success of the party.According to him, the target of new state executives is to ensure the recapture power in 2023.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the new officials were immediately swore in. (NAN) Jos -  Chief Damishi Sango, a former Minister of Sports, has been elected as Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Plateau. Sango was returned elected with other executive members after the party completed its state congress on Wednesday in Jos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that… May 11, 2016 In "Politics" By Bolaji Buhari Lagos -  The candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mrs Rasheedat Adekunle, on Saturday emerged winner of the council by-election for Ward B(Dopemu) in Agege Local Government Area of Lagos State. Adekunle emerged winner after polling 980 votes to defeat MrAbdul- Rasheed Lawal of the Peoples… March 24, 2018 In "Politics" Jos - Rt Hon Simon Lalong of All Progressives Congress (APC) has emerged as the winner of the gubernatorial election in Plateau, after defeating five other candidates. The Returning Officer, Prof. Emmanuel Kucha, Vice Chancellor, University of Agriculture Makurdi, declared the results in the early hours of Monday. Kucha said… April 13, 2015 In "News"