The Governor of Bayelsa state, Duoye Diri, has sworn-in a 25-member cabinet. The list is made up of 24 commissioners and one special adviser. The governor’s spokesman, Daniel Alabrah, made the announcement on Tuesday. Diri expressed confidence that the new cabinet members would contribute meaningfully to the development of the state. He told them to be innovative and prudent with funds, adding that they must put the interest of Bayelsa above personal consideration. ”With the inauguration of the executive council, you are expected to hit the ground running and put the necessary structures in place to fulfill the hopes and aspiration of our people. Be prudent with the management of scarce resources,” Diri said. The appointees are Preye Broderick (Special Duties – East); Esau Andrew (Lands, Housing and Urban Development); Ibiene Jones (Mineral Resources); Thompson Amule (Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Development); and Grace Ikiotenne (Transportation); Stanley Braboke (Trade, Industry and Investment). Moses Teibowei (Works and Infrastructure); Iselema Gbaranbiri (Environment); David Alagoa (Agriculture and Natural Resources); Biriyai Dambo – SAN (Justice); Iti Orugbani (Culture and Tourism); Promise Ekio (Communication, Science and Technology); Otokito Federal (Labour, Employment and Empowerment); Faith Opuene (Women, Children Affairs and Social Development). Obosi Churson (Special Duties – West); Sinkumo Ekisah (Special Projects); Maxwell Ebibai (Finance); Akpoebide Alamieyeseigha (Budget and Economic Planning); Rex Flint-George (Special Duties – Central); Daniel Igali (Youths and Sports Development); Ebitein Tonyon (Power and Water Resources); Igwele Pabara Newton (Health); Ayebaina Duba (Information and Orientation); Gentle Emelah (Education). Collins Cocodia is Special Adviser on Political Affairs. Source Bayelsa Governor Douye Diri has forwarded a list of 24 commissioner-nominees to the House of Assembly for confirmation as members of the State Executive Council. The list is coming exactly after six months he was sworn in as Governor following disqualification of Governor-elect, David Lyon, by the Supreme Court’s judgment… August 13, 2020 In "News" By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa - Newly sworn in Governor of Bayelsa, Sen. Douye Diri, has urged the state House of Assembly to expedite passage of the 2020 Appropriation Bill he would soon present for consideration. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Diri made the appeal when he met… February 17, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) – Bayelsa state Governor, Sen. Douye Diri, has presented an Appropriation Bill of N242.28 billion for the 2020 fiscal year to the Bayelsa House of Assembly. The maiden budget estimate christened: ‘Consolidation for Prosperity 2020’, will define the structure of the economic activities to be… April 21, 2020 In "News"