By Samuel James Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Niger state Police command has apprehended five suspects for kidnapping and culpable homicide. According to the Command’s Public Relations Officer, Assistant Superintendent Wasiu Abiodun , the suspects were arrested in different locations. He said the three of the suspects were alleged to have killed two teenager behind M.I Wushishi Housing Estate. ASP  Abiodun who listed those arrested as Alhaji Umaru Ibrahim aged 41, Nuhu Ahmadu, 27 and Safulai Ahmadu, 23, all hail from Kpabi village in Chanchaga local government of Niger state. The PPRO added that during the interrogation, the suspects confessed to have conspired and fired dane gun at the deceased persons were claiming that they have encroached and damage their farmland through illegal mining. In related incident , ASP Abiodun Wasiu said two of the fourteen persons who were alleged to have invaded Nakudna village in Shiroro local government area have also been arrested. The SP while interrogating the suspects confessed to be indigenes of the community but conspired with their armed gang members, now at large, and acted as pointers and informants to the bandits. However the PPRO said the investigation has commenced while efforts are also on top gear to arrested those at large. Minna - Police in Niger State have uncovered a secret ‘torture centre’ in Suleja, where Almajiri are being physically brutalised as part of their Islamic education No fewer than 15 children, with ages ranging from two to twelve, were found kept in a dehumanised condition at the centre located at… July 20, 2020 In "Metro" Two men have been arrested by the Niger State Police Command for butchering an 18-year-old girl after raping her. The suspects, 25 years Abdulkadir Ibrahim of Doko village and 29 years Abubakar Idris of Dabban village in Lavun Local Government Area of Niger State confessed to having lured the deceased,… July 17, 2020 In "Metro" MINNA - A 50-year-old man has been arrested by the Niger State Police Command for a raping his two middle age daughters in the  Suleja Local Government Area of the state. The suspect, Peter Ayemoba,  was picked up by the police after a complaint by a relation of his family.… June 5, 2020 In "Metro"