Moscow –  Russian President Vladimir Putin is currently trusted by 58 per cent of the country’s citizens, a fresh poll by Russia’s Public Opinion Foundation (FOM) showed on Friday.A week ago, the number was 55 per cent. According to the findings, 31 per cent of respondents feel distrust toward the president, while another 11 per cent were not able to give a definite answer. In addition, 60 per cent approved of Putin’s performance in office, while 25 per cent disagreed. Another 15 per cent could not say for sure.The survey was conducted from Aug. 21-23 among 4,000 Russian adults. The margin of error does not exceed 1.9 per cent.Trust in Putin had sunk as the pubic was unimpressed with his performance in response to a series of shocks that hit the Russian economy in the first quarter of 2020.It slumped 10 percentage points between January and May to a multi-year low of 25%, according to independent pollster, the Levada Center, down from a peak of 59% in November 2017. Putin has been caught between a rock and a hard place as he tries to avoid responsibility for the state’s poor response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic in Russia. The pandemic in Russia has resulted in the third highest number of infections in the world (387,623 confirmed cases and 4,374 deaths, as of May 30, according to John Hopkins), behind only Brazil and the U.S.. Putin pushed off responsibility for dealing with the epidemic to the regional governors and remained isolated and aloof for most of April and May while the entire country was put on lockdown. The country is used to seeing Putin as a man of action, ending the chaos of the Yeltsin-era, facing down the U.S. sanctions and winning a war against terrorists in Syria. The new Putin, sitting alone in his office in front of a bank of TV screens holding online meetings, is a new image that sits less well with the population. However, trust in Putin is still well ahead of trust in any other politician. The next most trusted politician remains Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu, but even he has seen his rating almost halve from 23% in November 2017 to 14% as of May 2020. (Sputnik/NAN) Kremlin -  A survey by state-run pollster showed on Thursday in Kremlin that public support for Russian President, Vladimir Putin, to serve another term as president has hit its highest level in four years. A poll by VTsIOM revealed that 74 per cent of Russians would vote to re-elect Putin… March 3, 2016 In "Foreign" Moscow   -    Russian President Vladimir Putin is receiving a lot of congratulations on his re-election, while it remains unknown whether the U. S. has sent its greeting telegram, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday. “There are lots of international congratulation telegrams we receive through the Russian Foreign Ministry, and… March 20, 2018 In "Foreign" Moscow-Russian President, Vladimir Putin, on Monday downsized the nation's police force by 10 per cent, or 110,000 officers, as the country struggles with an economic recession. The decree on the retrenchment said the exercise would only affect officers in management positions `on the regional level and up, and not those… July 13, 2015 In "Foreign"