Alleged internet fraudster, Ramon Abbas, “Hushpuppi“, has been arraigned in an American court in California as his trial begins on October 13. Hushpuppi pleaded not guilty to the four-count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, money laundering conspiracies, international money laundering and engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specified unlawful activity. In June, the 37-year-old known for flaunting an opulent lifestyle on social media, was arrested in Dubai by special operatives of the Emerati police and American Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). In July, Hushpuppi alongside Olalekan Ponle, popularly known as Woodberry, was extradited to Chicago in the United States where he was first arraigned. However, because the U.S. Court in Illinois does not have jurisdiction over the case, he was transferred to Los Angeles, a city in California. Since his transfer to California late July, he has been held in the custody of the U.S. Marshal in a federal prison. Meanwhile, the prosecutor kickstarted the process of arraignment by filling necessary documents and forms after his first appearance on August 17. After the pre-trial services, Hushpuppi entered a plea, insisting that he is not guilty of the charges. In the documents obtained, he agreed to go to trial with his lawyer, Vicki Podberesky, a top-rated lawyer in California. Mrs Podberesky will be assisted by Gal Pissetzky, a Chicago-based lawyer appearing pro hac vice because he is not licensed to practise outside Chicago. Nevertheless, he has pleaded that he should be prosecuted with complaint and not indictment. This he did by filing a waiver of indictment accepted by the court. Reported by PremiumTimes Source •Hushpuppi ABUJA - Hushpuppi, Nigerian Instagram personality facing cyberfraud allegations in the United States, has disengaged Gal Pissetzky, his lawyer in Chicago, after his trial was transferred to California. The self-acclaimed influencer, whose real name is Ramon Igbalode, had been arraigned in Chicago on money laundering charges following his arrest… July 18, 2020 In "Metro" According to PM News, Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, a.k.a Hushpuppi has hired Gal Pissetzky, one of the best criminal defence lawyers in Chicago area to defend him. Hushpuppi, who was extradited to US from Dubai last week Thursday faces trial in Los Angeles, where his case has been filed before a… July 8, 2020 In "News" Eniola Akinkuotu, Abuja Alleged international fraudster, Ramon Abbas aka Ray Hushpuppi, once said his dream was to own two commercial motorcycles otherwise known as okada and a commercial bus popularly called danfo. He said this during a live Instagram video with social media influencer, Abisoye Michael, aka Oyemyke in 2018.… July 6, 2020 In "News"