Big Brother Naija housemate, Kiddwaya, has told fellow housemate, Nengi that he is not in the reality show to have a girlfriend. In their one-on-one conversation last night, Nengi said she didn’t want to stand between Kidd and other female housemates. Nengi felt her closeness to Kidd was causing tension in the house saying, “I know I’m the problem and I can always step back.” But, the Billionaire’s son told her that he does not want to go into deep relationships in the house but just to flirt. According to him, “If we get in too deep, anything I do will hurt her,” [referring to Erica) “if I sit and talk to you, WATHONI or flirt with you. I’m just a nice guy who’s flirtatious. “I’m not trying to have a girlfriend or anything serious.” Erica broke up with Kidd last night after they were caught having s*x a previous night. Video: #Kidd tells #Nengi he's not here to have a girlfriend or anything serious #bbnaijalockdown2020 #bbnaija2020 #BBNaija pic.twitter.com/eORkYtWP7j Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija 2020 housemate, Kidd Waya was caught on camera last night while attempting to fondle the breasts of pretty female housemate, Erica, without her consent. The incident happened during the BBNaija Lockdown first Saturday night party. Erica, however, reacted swiftly by shoving him aside and walked away from… July 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica's attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment"