Controversial #RevolutionNow activist, Omoyele Sowore, has called out President Muhammadu Buhari for endorsing Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, who is currently facing corruption charges to the tune of N700 million. Ize-Iyamu was arraigned before a Federal High Court in Benin by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission for allegedly receiving about N700m during the build-up to the 2015 general elections. The money was said to have emanated from a former Minister of Petroleum Resources, Diezani Alison-Madueke. However, Ize-Iyamu, who is the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, was endorsed by the President on Friday. Responding to the development, Sowore, who is a former Presidential candidate, said it was funny that Buhari could feign ignorance of Ize-Iyamu’s corruption case. Sowore, who is the Publisher of Sahara Reporters, said this was the same way Buhari appointed Godswill Akpabio as Minister of Niger Delta Affairs and supervisor of the Niger Delta Development Commission despite being under probe by the EFCC for allegedly diverting billions of naira as governor of Akwa Ibom State. He tweeted, “The nature of dementia! Pastor Ize-Iyamu is undergoing trial for N700m scam, Buhari pretends not to remember, hands him a flag to become next Edo governor, much like Senator Godswill Akpabio was asked to handle NDDC.” Source Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics" President Muhmmadu Buhari has charged the All Progressives Congress (APC) to conduct the Edo State governorship election, following all legal and constitutional means to win. The President gave the admonition on Friday while receiving the governorship candidate of the APC, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, at the State House. President Buhari received… August 7, 2020 In "Politics" LAGOS - A Nigerian activist and former presidential candidate whose continued detention prompted protests by rights groups was released on bail late on Thursday, the news organisation that he founded said on Twitter. Omoyele Sowore, who ran for president in the February election in which former military ruler President Muhammadu… December 6, 2019 In "News"