By Jessica Dogo Abuja –  The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has tasked the Nigerian Information Technology Reporters Association (NITRA), Abuja Chapter, not to relent in ensuring effective and efficient reportage of the Commission’s mandate. The commission gave the charge in view of the challenges poised by the Covid-19 pandemic. Speaking in a virtual meeting with ICT Reporters on Thursday in Abuja Ikechukwu Adinde Director, Public Affairs, NCC, expressed the commission’s willingness to partner the reporters through their various media organisations to reach member of the wider public. While commending NITRA for its role in promoting the commission’s mandate in time past, he charged the members not to rest on their oars, especially at a time when the world was faced with the Coronavirus pandemic. “We are seeking for areas where NCC can support journalist that cover the commission. “We are readily open to innovative ideas that will make us have meaningful relationship with the media. “I am mindful of your track record and output over the years, they are everywhere. “We want to continue the cordial relationship, thereby improving the mutual interest of our stakeholders.” The ICT reporters, while congratulating the Director of Public Affairs on his new appointment, reinstated their unalloyed support to continue to work with NCC in delivering its mandate to the public. They assured him that they would continue with the good work, and promised to give the necessary support so as to make his duties distinct. NITRA also expressed optimism that NCC would assist to improve the reportage of ICT news in Nigeria. (NAN) Nigerians can access the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) through the any of the eighteen Emergency Communication Centres (ECC) built across the country, TechEconomy.ng can report. Just last week, President Muhammadu Buhari launched the ECC located in Abuja. Addressing top government functionaries and captains of industry, at the unveiling… March 24, 2020 In "News" By Chiazo Ogbolu   Lagos   -      The Nigeria Information Technology Reporters’ Association (NITRA) says there should be concerted efforts by all stakeholders to overcome broadband challenges. The President of the association, Mr Emma Okonji, gave the advice on Thursday in Lagos. Okonji said that the challenges confronting broadband penetration and… December 6, 2018 In "News" L-R: Comptroller Francis Enabore, National Public Relations Officer, Correctional Service, Nigerian Prison Service; Air Commandore Yusuf Anas; Executive Secretary, Centre for Crises Communications; Prof. Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC); Brig. Gen Onyema Nwachukwu, Director, Defence Information/ Chairman, Forum of Spokjeesperson of Security and Response Agencies (FOSSRA);… January 30, 2020 In "News"