With the 2023 presidential election about three years away, the campaign posters of the Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, seeking to contest for the plum position is already circulated on social media. The posters carrying his photograph and campaign on the platform of the All Progressive Congress was sponsored by the Chairman of Ikere Local Government Area of Ekiti State, Mr Femi Ayodele. A copy of the posters which was seen by our reporter on social media have become subject of political debates and innuendos on different platforms. The posters show Fayemi rainmented in an adorable sky blue Agbada with a blue striped Awolowo cap. The message on the posters with APC logo read, “Support His Excellency Dr. John Kayode Fayemi for President 2023. Confirming the posters, Mr Ayodele, said he did the posters to show his unalloyed and uncompromising loyalty to Governor Fayemi against insinuation that he was working against him. He said the governor is fit enough for the exalted office considering his array of outstanding credentials, administrative shrewdness and political acumen. He added that Fayemi’s commitment, resourcefulness and pedigree puts him in good stead to lead Nigeria in the next political dispensation. But when asked about the development, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Fayemi, Yinka Oyebode said his principal did not know anything about the posters. Oyebode, who said the sponsor was only expressing a mere personal opinion, urged the public to discountenance the campaign posters. He added that his principal was focused on governance and how to uplift Ekiti in terms of infrastructural, economic and social development instead of issues around 2023 elections. The Senior Special Assistant on Public Communication to Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, Segun Dipe, had earlier on May 5 denied that Fayemi was nursing a presidential ambition towards 2023. The governor’s aide said such claim was misrepresentation of Fayemi’s conduct and personality. The Nation Ariwodola Idowu   Ado Ekiti   -      Former Ekiti state governor and current Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi on Sunday says he will contest the July 14 gubernatorial election coming up soon in the state under the APC. He made his ambition known at… April 1, 2018 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group known as the Ekiti Rebirth Organisation (ERO) has attributed the show of shame that played out during the All Progressives Congress’ primary in the state to the desperation of the minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi.   The ERO… May 7, 2018 In "News" By Adedeji Egbebi Ado-Ekiti -   A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dayo Adeyeye, on Monday accused Gov. Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State of promoting violence in the state. The former Minister of State for Works said in Ado-Ekiti that the governor should be held responsible for the… June 18, 2018 In "Politics"