Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus has intensified efforts to lose weight by showing off videos of herself undergoing a thorough drilling exercise. In one of the videos, the comic actress, Eniola Badmus was seen doing some punching drills with her fitness coach. Fans and industry colleagues took to her comment section with words of encouragement. Badmus has been on a very tasking weight loss journey over the past few weeks and she has been happy enough to share her weight loss journey with her followers on social media. Pictured sweating profusely while swinging a heavy tyre from left to right, a determined Badmus wrote… “This Tyre is heavy oooooooo @deshapeables but why why……I’m dying oooooo”. This Tyre is heavy oooooooo @deshapeables but why why……I’m dying oooooo Killer coach @dancemachine2020 A post shared by  ENIOLABADMUS   (@eniola_badmus) on Aug 25, 2020 at 1:36am PDT I really really cried after this session but @deshapeables kept on calling and pushing me…… Get your WBT SCULPTOR 2:0 if you want a very fast result #myjourney A post shared by  ENIOLABADMUS   (@eniola_badmus) on Aug 25, 2020 at 4:49am PDT Source Nigerian actress, Eniola Badmus says she pray Nigeria becomes as fine as Dubai. She wrote: “Dubai is fine shaaaaa……..I pray my” Speaking via her official Instagram page on Friday, 24th January, Badmus further gushed about the middle East country by exclaiming; ‘Dubai is fine shaaa.’ The screen diva and friend,… January 24, 2020 In "News" Princess Shyngle has confessed in a social media post that she's bisexual - that means she is sexually attracted to both men and women. The actress took to her Instagram Stories to give an update on her weight loss journey. She stated that she doesn't want to lose so much… July 29, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" Eniola Badmus has shared an Instagram post addressed to weight loss pill vendors over their adverts on different platforms. The Nollywood actress told weight loss pill vendors to use her as a project if the products they advertise really works. Eniola Badmus also urged them to stop using people already… February 25, 2020 In "Metro"