Nigerian singer and Grammy nominee, Burna Boy has won the award for the best international artiste at the Vodafone Ghana Music festival that held on Saturday, 29th of August 2020. The 29-year-old beat Davido, Teni, Rudebwoy, Mercy Chinwo, Big Trill and Sho Madjodzi to win the award. This is the second time in a row that the African Giant won the award as the best international artist. This year’s Vodafone Ghana Music Awards was a three-day event which spanned between 28th to 30th August. The organizers allowed no attendance from fans but permitted key industry players who graced the occasion. See Full List Of Winners Below: Instrumentalist Of The Year – Emmanuel Bludo Male Vocalist Of The Year – MOG Music Female Vocalist Of The Year – Celestine Donkor Songwriter Of The Year – Kofi Kinaata Record Of The Year – Okyeame Kwame Best Music Video Of The Year – Cina Soul Best Music Group Of The Year – DopeNation Producer Of The Year – M.O.G Beatz African Act Of The Year – Burna Boy Best International Collaboration Of The Year – Sarkodie ft. Rudeboy (Lucky) Gospel Song Of The Year – Celestine Donkor (Abg3 Bolor) Burna Boy recently released his latest album Twice as Tall, which has been garnering massive airplay across diverse platforms both in Africa and other parts of the world. Source By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Nigerian Afro-fusion singer, Damini Ogulu, better known as Burna Boy, has lost the Best World Music Album trophy to Beninese ace singer, Angélique Kidjo, at the 62nd Grammy Award. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony, acclaimed to… January 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Burna Boy has won the Best International Act for the second consecutive year, becoming the first Nigerian artiste to win the BET Awards back to back. The Nigerian singer floored Innoss’B (DRC), Sho Madjozi (South Africa), Dave (UK), Stormzy (UK), Ninho (France), and S.Pri Noir (France) to scoop the gong… June 29, 2020 In "Entertainment" Afropop star David ‘Davido’ Adeleke, Afro-fusion singer, Burna Boy and South African musician Nasty C scored the most nominations for 2019 AFRIMA awards. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the list was released by the International Committee of the All Africa Music Awards (AFRIMA) on Monday. The Continental categories… August 26, 2019 In "Entertainment"