Eric, the Evicted Big Brother Naija housemate has given reasons he didn’t pursue a relationship with Wathoni. Eric who was evicted last Sunday told Ebuka in an interview that their age differences stopped him from having a romantic relationship with her. “I like Wathoni, it’s just the age that stopped me from going for her. She is my spec, and I just wanted to bond with her because she did not talk a lot in the house. It was nothing romantic. Speaking on his eviction, Eric said he was not sad when he left the house because he was up the first week. “I already imagined that I would go home, I had mixed emotions because I was saved last week. On his relationship with Lilo, Eric said he felt he didn’t bond well with other housemates because he was always with his love interest. “Lilo was the first person I spoke to in the house. I did not take the fact that we were secluded from everyone as anything until when I come out to the garden in the evening and everyone starts asking me if everything is okay in paradise and other jokes. “It made me realize that I was not bonding with other housemates.” Evicted Big Brother Naija housemate, Lilo Aderogba on Sunday claimed that her lover in the house, Eric took advantage of her weakness. She made this known in her first interview with Ebuka Obi-Uchendu. Lilo disclosed that she feels happy leaving the BBnaija House because her relationship with fellow housemate, Eric… August 4, 2020 In "Entertainment" Kaisha, Trikytee, Eric and Tochi were the last housemates put up for eviction last Sunday. However, Eric and Tochi were eventually evicted last Sunday night. The reason why Eric and Tochi were evicted is because they got the leaset votes from fans. Recall that Biggie had asked the remaining housemates… August 10, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Lovebirds and BBnaija ex-housemates, Teddy A and BamBam got people emotional when they shared the secrets to their long standing romantic relationship. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the duo, known collectively as BamTeddy, are the only couple with `an intact’ relationship post BBNaija… March 21, 2019 In "Entertainment"