John Eneche,The coordinator of defence media operations has asserted that it was Boko Haram insurgents that attacked Governor Babagana Zulum’s convoy in Baga and not soldiers. The defence spokesperson who featured in a Channels Television programme, said the attack was not an act of sabotage as it was perpetrated by Boko Haram members. Eneche further revealed that an investigation carried out by the Nigerian army proved that its officers were not involved in the attack. He Said; “It was an allegation which needed to be proved. And Also, I want to say that for such an allegation, it calls for worry on our part at the high command of which we went into action immediately. For you now to say sabotage, you gave superstar a baby to keep for you and you’re saying that somebody can kill that baby is a strong accusation. “We investigated it immediately and the strategic level is cleared of that; operational level cleared of that, tactical level, cleared of that. Now from the basics, I was interested and I took a cursory look. We analysed the video, the scenery. Even from the gunshots, the way it all played out, you will discover from the sound of the gunshots, it is not the conventional weapons that we use. “Now, it comes to doubt because, from our training, you could tell the sound of a gun. And of course, if you have operated with an enemy for some time, we call it enemy habit. “From the analysis, it was purely that of the enemies in that area, the Boko Harams. From the tactics, and from the manoeuvres exhibited, it was theirs. And from the search conducted, it was theirs. So, our fears were allayed after 48 hours. So, I can confidently tell the public that it was not anything sabotage.” Eneche also countered claims of the Nigerian army being short on soldiers and arms. Source This article is part of my periodic evaluation of the Boko Haram war in Nigeria as a Political Scientist and I will be focusing on the successes and struggles of the Nigerian soldiers this year, 2020 based on secondary sources of data. It should be noted that Boko Haram began… January 20, 2020 In "News" Nigerian soldiers have suffered yet another round of casualties in their patriotic battle to drive out insurgents from the country. On Thursday, Boko Haram terrorists killed 11 soldiers and wounded 14 in an ambush on a military convoy in Borno State. Thirty-four brave troops of 154 Task Force Battalion, including two… October 7, 2019 In "Top Stories" There was confusion in Mainok, a town along the Maiduguri-Damaturu road in Borno state, after soldiers reportedly opened fire on a team of Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) operatives who engaged Boko Haram fighters in a fierce battle. SARS is a unit of the Nigeria Police Force. Villages along the road… January 22, 2020 In "News"