Just two weeks after celebrating his birthday, a makeup artist in the Nollywood industry, Williams Anuoluwapo aka Kumbalee, has died. It was gathered that Kumbalee died in a fatal motorcycle accident on Sunday, August 16. An excited Kumbalee had shared new photos of himself on his Instagram page to celebrate his birthday, not knowing that death was lurking around the corner. His colleagues in the industry have taken to social media to express shock at his sudden demise. Actress, Jumoke Odetola, in a tribute posted on her Instagram page, said she was shocked at the news of his demise because she spoke with him a day before his death. She wrote ”DEATH IS WICKED!!!Just yesterday, you told me how much you missed meJust yesterday, we were togetherToday, you are no more. What is the meaning of life after all? Vanity upon vanity.The memories of you I have is all the positive vibes you exhume. You just know how to bring out the sweet part in me, heartbreaking I will never see that again.” Actor, Adeniyi Johnson, described Kumbalee as a humble person. ”Rest well bro, you will forever be missed … God forgive all your sins… such a humble guy @kumbaleemakeover” Source Mr Henry, a Nollywood Movie director and a cinematographer reportedly died in a fatal motor accident while returning home from club. Henry was an elder brother to another Nollywood practitioner called Image who is into film production. It was gathered that Henry was on his way home from the club in the… May 11, 2019 In "Entertainment" Some Nollywood artistes on Thursday paid tribute to their late colleague, Rasheed Abu, who died of an unknown illness. The actor’s death was announced by his friend and colleague, Yomi Gold, on Thursday on his instagram handle (iamyomigold). Most of the artistes took to their instagram handles to mourn the… April 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerian actress, Jennifer Omole, passed on in Spain on 3rd January 2020, at the age of 33. She was buried the following evening at Villarejo de Salvanes, Madrid. The sad news about Jennifer’s death was shared by her close friend and colleague, Uche Ogbodo, on Instagram. Omole was a member… May 31, 2020 In "Entertainment"