By Deborah Coker  Ewohimi (Edo)  -Gov Godwin Obaseki, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for the Sept. 19 governorship election in Edo, said on Tuesday that the party would give power sector priority if re-elected. Obaseki said this when he visited to Ewohimi community, Esan South East Local Government Area of the state, in continuation of his ward to ward campaign tour. He noted that the major challenge observed since the beginning of the tour was shortage of power supply in all the areas he visited. The governor, however, said his administration had in 2019 constructed the Ossiomo Power Plant, cosidering the electricity challenge being faced by the people. He said that the Ossiomo power plant was currently generating 50 megawatts of electricity to the state. Earlier, Chief Dan Orbih, the Chairman of the PDP campaign council in the state, said that the Edo election was vital because it would be a test for the sustenance of democracy in the country. He noted that democracy was about the people, adding that the governor and candidate of the party was committed to repositioning the state and moving it forward. The state Chairman of the party, Dr Tony Aziegbemi, announced that hundreds of persons from the opposition All Progressive Congress (APC) had defected to the party. (NAN) By Deborah Coker Benin - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo says the party was committed to a peaceful election as well as to ensure that residents continue to live in good health. Mr Chris Nehikhare, State Publicity Secretary of the party, said this in Benin, on Sunday, at… August 16, 2020 In "Politics" The Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) National Campaign Council for Edo governorship election has vowed to ensure the victory of Governor Godwin Obaseki. The council, which held a crucial meeting behind closed doors at the Government House, Rivers State, said after reviewing the development in Edo, Obaseki remained a pole ahead… July 15, 2020 In "Politics" By Monday Ajogun Dagbala, (Edo) - Some pensioners in Dagbala, Akoko Edo Local Government Area of Edo, on Monday commended Gov. Godwin Obaseki for his prompt payment of salaries pensions. Mr Rufus Adogame, who spoke on behalf of the pensioners in the area, gave the commendation at Dagbara Ward 5… August 3, 2020 In "Politics"