The Minister of State for Education, Mr Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, has revealed that the Federal Government is making plans to fully reopen schools soon. He made the revelation on Monday while pleading with protesting students. According to a report by Punch, though he said no date has been fixed yet for full schools’ resumption, the minister urged protesting students to “be patient with FG”. He explained that the government had continued to engage stakeholders, some of whom have expressed readiness to resume fully. Secondary and tertiary institutions in Nigeria were closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic on March 19, 2020. The minister expressed optimism that the date for resumption was “around the corner”. He disclosed that he and the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, met some stakeholders in tertiary education on Monday on the issue. Nwajiuba said about 78 privately-owned universities were insisting that they were ready for resumption while the response from government-owned universities was still “50-50.” He said that after aggregating opinions, he would return to the PTF to review the situation and then go ahead to make a pronouncement. “I urge our students who have actually exercised a lot of patience along with their parents … I urge you to bear with us a little bit more. The rioting needs to stop; there is nothing to riot about. “We don’t want to bandy around dates,” he said, “We remain positive,” he added. Source In part one of this piece, we advanced the position that schools should resume for examination classes in primary 6, JS 3, and SS3, as against the position of the Federal Government that the time is not yet safe to reopen schools. We ended the piece with the question: ‘so… July 17, 2020 In "Opinion" The Federal Government has given school owners till July, 29 to meet specific guidelines for safe reopening of schools. It said schools are expected to undertake self-assessment and send feedback to State Ministries of Education, not later than 29th July, 2020. The government said an official date for safe reopening… July 17, 2020 In "News" As the dust raised by the news of the Federal Government reversal of its earlier decision to reopen schools for examination classes in primary 6, JSS3 and SSS3, is yet to settle down, the Minister of State for Education Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba issued a statement last Friday, 17 July 2020… July 21, 2020 In "Opinion"