Rowley’s People’s National Movement (PNM) “has been called to service in the government … for a second time,” the daily Trinidad and Tobago Guardian quoted him as saying after the elections held on Monday. The PNM took 22 seats against 19 seats for the opposition United National Congress (UNC), whose leader Kamla Persad-Bissessar announced that it will ask for recounts in marginal areas, according to the daily. “The fights are not over until the recounts are done,” she said. Rowley’s government has been praised for its handling of the novel coronavirus pandemic in the country which has reported 295 infections and eight deaths. But the premier has been criticized over the years-long contraction of the economy, which is largely based on petroleum and petrochemicals, and over the arrival of large numbers of Venezuelan migrants into the country. Rowley said his party had lost votes from senior citizens who could not go to vote because of the pandemic. “This victory is largely the involvement of youths,” he said. The former British colony of 1.4 million people is one of the wealthiest countries in the Caribbean, thanks to its reserves of oil and gas. (dpa/NAN) Miami (U.S.) - The Trump administration has announced visa sanctions on members of Guyana’s ruling government and called for President David Granger to “step aside” so the country could begin its transition four months after its disputed March 2 elections. “The Granger government must respect the results of democratic elections… July 16, 2020 In "Foreign" KINSHASA     -     An influential African bloc urged Democratic Republic of Congo on Sunday to recount votes cast in its disorganised presidential election, raising pressure on Kinshasa to ensure the legitimacy of the next government and avert widespread violent unrest. The Dec. 30 vote was supposed to mark Congo’s… January 14, 2019 In "Foreign" By Tiamiyu Arobani New York -  Federal Judge who ordered Michigan to begin its recount effectively ended it on Wednesday, tying his decision to a state court ruling that found Green Party candidate Jill Stein had no legal standing to request another look at ballots. The order came after two… December 8, 2016 In "Foreign"