Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Erica, has lashed out at Laycon following the drama of yesterday. Recall that Laycon and Erica were close before she chose Kiddwaya over him. Erica who says she’s mentally attracted to Laycon is not happy that he talks about him at different times and locations discussing and telling fellow housemates how he feels being rejected. Recall show host, Ebuka, while addressing the housemates during Sunday’s live eviction, had drawn the attention of Erica to things going on around her, one of which was Vee advising Laycon on how to handle his feelings for Erica. After the live eviction, Erica said that by now Laycon should move on and stop going around telling the whole world about her. In he words: “I’ve never seen a guy that will make a girl continue to feel like this over and over…[he’s] going about complaining to the whole about me. “Now what have I really done? sHe should get out! I’m so done with Laycon! That’s his business.” Source Erica, a Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, has revealed the kind of man she would like to settle down with. Erica disclosed that she wants a man with the kind of mind Laycon has and the body build of her love interest, Kiddwaya. The 26-year-old BBNaija housemate disclosed this during… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica's attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija housemate, Erica has during a recent conversation with TolaniBaj and Vee, spoken about her feelings towards Laycon and Kiddwaya. During the conversation, Erica disclosed how she’s mentally attracted to Laycon and physically attracted to Kiddwaya. Erica expressed how she really desires to have a guy with Kidd’s… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment"