Shocking video footage shows the moment a Brazilian model accidentally set herself on fire after arguing with her girlfriend. Katiuscia Silva Mota, 31, was at home in the São Diogo neighbourhood of Serra, Brazil, when the incident happened on Monday, August 10. She suffered burns to almost half her body. Katiuscia had reportedly argued with her partner prior to the incident. The fire is thought to have been caused by lighter fluid. Security cameras in the building show her appearing to argue with her partner outside of the home before Katiuscia returns inside the building, followed shortly after by her girlfriend, who appears to struggle to gain re-entry into the property. Moments later, Katiuscia can be seen running out of the building with part of her body on fire as her girlfriend and others attempt to contain the flames. The model was taken to the Jayme dos Santos Neves Hospital in Serra. She suffered 40 per cent burns to her body but is said to be in a stable condition. Katiuscia’s mother said she does not believe her daughter purposely set herself on fire and that it may have been caused by a cigarette. Police are now investigating the incident. with her girlfriend. : Brazilian model, Katiuscia Silva Mota, 31, accidentally set herself on fire after arguing with her 21-year-old girlfriend.  : The shocking incident occurred at her apartment in the São Diogo neighbourhood of Serra on Monday, August 10.  : The model was rushed to the Jayme dos Santos Neves Hospital in Serra,  after suffering 40 percent burns to her body following the gruesome incident which is thought to have been caused by lighter fluid. : Police in southeastern Brazil are now investigating the incident. : Mail Online. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Aug 23, 2020 at 2:45am PDT Source: Daily Mail UK Naim killed his girlfriend, Brenda Micaela Gordillo A 19-year-old man has been arrested after he confessed to killing his girlfriend. He also attempted to burn her body to cover his tracks during an argument about her being pregnant. The Argentine identified as claimed he had pushed his 24-year-old partner Brenda… March 3, 2020 In "Metro" A man and his girlfriend have fallen to their deaths from a bridge while they were kissing publicly.   A couple locked in a passionate embrace tragically fell to their deaths after a night out in Peru.    Maybeth Espinoz and Hector Vidal had been on their way home from a nightclub… August 7, 2019 In "Entertainment" Miss Dinatu Gadi of ECWA staff community of Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau State, has committed suicide. Gadi who was in her mid thirties, killed herself Thursday night. An eyewitness, John Fara, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday that about 8pm, the deceased sneaked to the… March 13, 2020 In "Metro"