By Ibrahim Bello  Birnin Kebbi  – Gov. Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi has set up a committee to refund Hajj deposits to intending pilgrims who could not travel to Saudi Arabia for the 2020 exercise. The Special Adviser to the governor on Media, Mr Yahaya Sarki, said this in a statement on Thursday in Birnin Kebbi. “This followed the cancellation of the 2020 Hajj by the Saudi Arabian Government due to the COVID-19 pandemic. “The committee’s terms of reference include to ensure the refund of the money collected from intending pilgrims, who were unable to perform the year Hajj due to the pandemic. “It will also ensure the refund of money deposited to National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON) by the State Pilgrims Welfare Agency,” he said. According to him, the committee has two weeks within which to complete its assignment and submit report to the state government. “Alhaji Haruna Abubakar will serve as the Chairman of the committee, Alhaji Kabiru Wasagu as Secretary while Garba Salis, Usman Suru, Lawal Mai-Kwalla, Abubakar Atiku and Zayyanu Shehu will be are members. “Other members of the committee are Alhaji Aminu Sadiq, representative of the Kebbi State Police Command and Fahad Muktar representing DSS,” he said. (NAN). Birnin Kebbi - Alhaji Samaila Mera, Kebbi State Amirul Hajj, has advised the 4, 120 intending pilgrims from the state to shun acts capable of tarnishing the image of the state and the country. Mera, who is also the Emir of Argungu, gave the advice on Tuesday in Birnin Kebbi… September 8, 2015 In "News" Kano  -  The Kano State Pilgrims Welfare Board on Tuesday said it had received N81 million from the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria for refund to 2,015 pilgrims who performed the holy journey in 2015. This information is contained in a statement issued by the Public Relations Officer of the… April 5, 2016 In "News" BIRNIN KEBBI - The Chairman of Kebbi State Pilgrims Welfare Agency, Alhaji Abdullahi Shema, on Friday said that the board had secured accommodation in Saudi Arabia for 4,151 pilgrims for the 2014 Pilgrimage. Shema disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Birnin Kebbi. The… May 2, 2014 In "News"