Facebook’s CEO has joined Amazon’s CEO, Jeff Bezos, and Microsoft’s founder Bill Gates, as the only people with centibillionaire status. According to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index Bloomberg Billionaires Index, Mark Zuckerberg’s fortune has topped $100bn for the first time, placing him among members of the world’s centibillionaires’ club. This comes after Facebook’s shares surged by 6% on the news that the company plans to launch Instagram Reels, a rival to the Chinese video-sharing application TikTok. Earlier this week, US President Donald Trump banned US companies from dealing with ByteDance and Tencent – the Chinese owners of TikTok and the WeChat messaging service. The 36-year old media magnate has joined Jeff Bezos, the Amazon founder, and Bill Gates, Microsoft’s founder, as the only people who have centibillionaire status, the Bloomberg Billionaires Index said. Zuckerberg, who founded Facebook while a student at Harvard in 2004, owns a 13% stake in the company. Earlier, he said that he was going to give away 99% of his Facebook shares over his lifetime to charity. The Nation Lagos  -   Bill Gates, the world’s richest man, and Mark Zuckerberg, co-founder of Facebook have lost 3.4 billion dollars to the decision of the UK voters to leave the European Union. According to Bloomberg Billionaires ranking, both men were the worst-hit billionaires in the U.S., losing 1.8 billion dollars… June 29, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Bill Gates has been unseated as the second richest man in the world, losing the position to Bernard Arnault, the chairman and CEO of LVMH. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that in the latest ranking by Bloomberg’s Billionaires Index, Arnault is in second place… July 19, 2019 In "News" World's third richest billionaire, Bernard Arnault, who is also the richest man in Europe has lost an astonishing $30billion during the Coronavirus pandemic more than any other person in the world. Bernard Arnault The Frenchman, 71, is the chairman and CEO of the prestigious luxury empire LVMH Moët Hennessy and… May 8, 2020 In "Foreign"