Riham Yaqoob, a female Iraqi activist and doctor who led local anti-government protests was shot dead in the Iraqi city of Basra on Wednesday August 19. Following the murder of Yaqoob, Prime Minister Mustafa al-Kadhimi dismissed Basra’s chief of police and other security officials. He also vowed to “do everything necessary for the security forces to undertake their duties”. Mustafa al-Kadhimi said; “Complicity with the killers and submitting to their threats is rejected and we will do everything necessary for the ministry of interior and security agencies to carry out the task of protecting the security of society from the threats of outlaws.” Female Iraqi activist This is coming barely 5 months after Kadhimi, a former intelligence chief was sworn-in following the resignation of his predecessor over the mass protests in the capital Baghdad, Basra and other southern cities. There has been continous protests in Iraq due to the endemic corruption, high unemployment, dire public services and foreign interference. Source By Harrison Arubu New York - U.S. Secretary of State, Mr Mike Pompeo, has expressed outrage over the killing of eight “peaceful protesters” in Iraq on Wednesday. In a statement on Thursday evening, Pompeo urged the Iraqi government to take immediate steps to hold the perpetrators accountable and address the… February 7, 2020 In "Foreign" At least ten members of an Iraqi militia group have been killed in an attack by Islamic State militants. A statement released by the Shia-dominated Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) said the deaths came during “fierce clashes” with IS. Attacks by the IS group have continued in parts of Iraq, despite… May 2, 2020 In "Foreign" On Sunday in the main direct hit revealed following quite a while of near disasters. Three rockets pummeled into the US consulate in Iraq's capital, as a large number of dissidents kept up against government demonstrations the nation over. The assault denoted a perilous acceleration in the binge of rocket… January 27, 2020 In "Foreign"