By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan  –  The Oyo State Teaching Service Commission (Oyo TESCOM) says all applicants for teaching job who applied for employment through the commission will write Computer-Based Test (CBT) examination which will start on Aug. 11. The Chairman, Oyo TESCOM, Pastor Akinade Alamu made this known in Ibadan on Thursday. Alamu said that all applicants for the teaching appointment would have to upload their credentials to the state’s website for them to be eligible to be allowed to participate in the exercise. “This is to enable us have equal participation and open process,” he said in a statement. The chairman said the examination would run through the week from 7 a.m. till 6 p.m., except on Sunday. Alamu said that whoever could not upload his or her credentials to TESCOM’s portal before Tuesday would not be eligible to write the test. “The examination will be starting on Tuesday, Aug. 11 and will run through the week till Saturday. They will be starting daily from 7 a.m. till 6 p.m., and the results will be communicated to the applicants through the email they put in their registration and through SMS. “No applicant’s complaint will be attended to at the CBT centres; if anybody has complaints, let him come to the TESCOM office. We wish them the best in the examination,” he said. Alamu commended the state government for resolving to conduct computer-based examination for all candidates applying for teaching appointments in the state. Reacting to the issue of private school owners demanding a quarter of school fees for periods students were at home due to COVID-19 pandemic, the TESCOM chairman said the private schools ought to have consulted with parents and other stakeholders before deciding on such. He urged the private school owners concerned to see the effects of COVID-19 as that which affected them and parents as well. Alamu called on school owners to desist from charging the students without appreciating the consequence of the current situation on the financial strength of individual homes. (NAN) By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - The Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) in Oyo State on Thursday disassociated itself from a group which had demanded for palliatives from the state government to cushion the effects of COVID-19. The NUT in a statement issued in Ibadan by its Chairman and Secretary, Tojuade… April 9, 2020 In "Education" By Philip Yatai Kaduna - Kaduna State Government and Derusa Nigeria Enterprises Consultancy Services have partnered to deploy Computer-Based Test (CBT) facilities in public Secondary schools in the state. Gov. Nasir El-Rufa’i made this known in Kaduna on Tuesday, at the opening of a 3-day capacity building training on EasiPREP… September 10, 2019 In "News" By Kudirat Musa Abuja - The Federal Government has suspended the 2019 Professional Qualifying Examination (PQE) for teachers at the Ibadan CBT centre following alleged unruly behaviour of the candidates. Mr Sonny Echono, the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, disclosed this in an interview with journalists after monitoring the… October 12, 2019 In "News"