By Abbas Bamalli  Kano  – Kano Sate Government said it has granted pardon to 200 exit students indicted in a school riot, to enable them to write the West African Examination Council (WAEC) Examinations, billed to begin on Aug. 17. The affected students were indicted and suspended sequel to a riot at Ibrahim Ayagi Science College, in Dawakin Tofa Local Government Area of the state. Hajiya Lauratu Diso, Permanent Secretary, Kano State Ministry of Education, gave the clarifications in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Friday in Kano. NAN reports that the Feb. 28 riot, followed a clash between some final year Senior Secondary School (SS3) students and the college’s prefects. Diso said that a committee was set-up by the state government to investigate the matter, which recommended for the suspension of the erring students. She said: “The remote cause of the riot was disrespect by the SS3 students to the college’s prefects and total disregard of the school’s rules and regulations. “This resulted in committing offences such as sneaking out of the college by the students at will and disturbing their junior ones by sending them on errand after light out. “The unrest was destructive, as it caused serious damages to school and students properties; estimated at a total cost of N2.3 million. “The decision to pardon the students was taken on Wednesday Aug. 12, following an Executive Memo presented to the governor by the state’s Commissioner of Education, Sanusi Kiru. “Gov. Ganduje granted an Executive Pardon and also directed the Ministry to immediately recall the SS3 students, to enable them to write their WAEC examinations. “The governor said that at this moment that the state government is battling to ensure all children go to school, there is no need for the sack of the students.” Diso explained that following the pardon, the governor promised to upset the damage cost caused by the students during the riot. According to her, the governor warned the students to be law abiding and ensure that such an unfortunate incidence never repeat itself; under whatever circumstance. “In view of this development, parents of the SS3 Students from the College who registered for the forthcoming WAEC Examinations are advised to return their wards to the school with immediate effect,” she added. (NAN)  February 1, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday gave a matching order to the Coordinating Minister of the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala; the Governor Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emiefule and the Nigeria National Petroleum Cooperation (NNPC) to ensure an end to the fuel… March 4, 2015 In "News" Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign"