By James Samuel, Minna Minna (Sundiata Post) –  Chairman, Niger State Civil Service Commission,  Mallam Shehu Galadima has charged the Federal Character Commission to comply fully with the Federal Character Principles in the appointment and recruitment of State indigenes in the Ministries, Agencies and Parastatals. Galadima made the call when the Commissioner representing Niger State in Federal Character Commission, retired Major General Suleiman Barau Saheed paid him a courtesy visit in Minna, the Niger State capital. Mallam Shehu Galadima expressed dissatisfaction to the marginalization of the state indigenes by Federal Agencies and parastatals in the state. He expressed concern that the state quota system regarding recruitment by federal Agencies were not respected. The Chairman  also informed the Federal Commissioner that the state Commission has always involves the Federal Character Commission in it’s activities ranging from promotion, discipline and recruitment of officers into the state civil service for equity and fairness. The state civil service commission chairman therefore called on the federal commissioner to work towards addressing the issue of recruitment and appointment into Federal ministries and agencies for justice, equity and fairness. Earlier in his remarks, the federal Commissioner representing Niger state, retired Major General Suleiman Barau Saheed said he was in the state on an official assignment to access the levels of compliance in the equitable distribution of posts in the federal character principles. Major General Suleiman (rtd) added that the Commission is saddle with responsibility of distribution of human resources across the country for equity and fairness, particularly in the areas of road and housing development. He therefore commended the state Civil Service Commission for working hard in ensuring balancing of recruitment, promotion and discipline for the state civil servants based on equity and fairness. Former MD calls for review of Federal Character Act NAN-H-112 Review Abuja -  Dr Rosaline Chenge, former Managing Director, Lower Benue River Basin Development Authority (LBRBDA), has called for review of the Act establishing the Federal Character Commission. She said this was to ensure more women participation in civil service.… January 26, 2016 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The acting chairman of the Federal Character Commission, Dr. Shettima Bukar Abba, on Wednesday admitted that the appointment of vice chancellors of the 40 federal universities in Nigeria were lopsided, a situation he noted, occasioned public outcry and protests across the country in recent times. Abba… March 10, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Obinna Unaeze   Minna,   -     All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN) in Niger has expressed optimism for bumper harvest this year following early distribution of inputs and implements by the Federal, State and donor agencies in the state. The Chairman of the Niger Chapter of AFAN, Alhaji Shehu Galadima,… July 22, 2018 In "Business"