By Okon Okon Abuja  -The Committee of Youth on Mobilisation and Sensitisation (CYMS), has advocated judicious use of President Muhammadu Buharis youth investment fund of N75 billion to empower the nations youth economically. Mr Obinna Nwaka, Director General, CYMS, made the call while fielding questions on engagement of Nigerian youths for actions to reflect the 2020 International Youth Day theme, when he featured on the News Agency of Nigeria forum. Nwaka expressed pleasure that Nigerian youths have been fully engaged politically since the pronouncement and the signing into law, the bill, “Not Too Young to Run“ by Mr President in 2019. “Since 2019 when Mr President signed into law “Not Too Young to Run Bill“, which we also took part, a lot of young people are into politics today because of that bill, the bill has empowered them politically. “Now this N75 billion is going to empower them economically and once you have economic and political empowerment, you are empowered, you need to grumble, but to be fully engaged in the society. “So, the youths are engaging well and we are glad that today a lot of them have dropped their social vices and all those activities that are detrimental to their own future. “We can all recall that during this pandemic period of lockdown, it was rare to record that some youths were engaged in some criminal activities like theft. “ The CYMS boss, however, said there was no way all the despondency of the young people in the country could be engaged positively as few would not want to be involved in profitable activities. Nevertheless, he expressed pleasure that some Nigerian youths have now become useful to themselves and the nation by becoming good ambassadors and leaders, showing good examples to others in the society. “Some youths will not want to be engaged even when the Federal Government is providing the necessary conducive environment, security, technical supports and grants, some of them will not want to be engaged. “There is no way all of them can be engaged. “But so far with this year’s theme, we are glad that Mr President approved the sum of N75 billion for Nigerian youths investment fund, which is an action on its own from Mr President, “ he said. According to him, Mr President`s action is in line with the global action of this year’s theme, being “Engagement for Global Action“. Nwaka assured Nigerian youths of mobilisation and sensitisation programmes to ensure the judicious management of the investment fund donated by the Federal Government. He said CYMS as a body would engage youths at both urban and rural areas to sensitise them on how to access the fund and improve their life. The director general added that there were a lot of people with business ideas, especially in the rural areas, who need to be guided in some business ideas. He recalled that President Buhari approved N75 billion, Nigeria Youth Investment Fund (NYIF) for three years, following a memo presented by the Minister of Youth and Sports and Development, Mr Sunday Dare. The fund is to serve as a sort of “Youth Bank“ that will fund and support the innovative ideas, skills, talents and enterprise of the Nigerian youths. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that CYMS is a pro-governments evaluation and monitoring organisation, established to sensitise Nigerians both in Diaspora and across the federation on the Federal Governments programmes, activities and achievements. (NAN) By Kabir Muhammad Abuja - A group known as Committee of Youth on Mobilisation and Sensitisation (CYMS) has called on governments at all levels to include youths in the governance of the country. The CYMS made the call in a communiqué signed by the group’s Director-General, Obinna Nwaka, at the… April 5, 2019 In "Politics" By Tomisin Erogbogbo Lagos -  Impressed by Nigerian youths’ innovations, the Lagos State Commissioner for Youth and Social Development, Mr Agboola Dabiri, has described them as resourceful and the nation’s bulwark. “The youth are resourceful and there is need to give them support, Lagos State Administration does not underrate any… September 2, 2018 In "News" By Okon Okon Abuja - The Committee of Youth on Mobilisation and Sensitisation (CYMS), has commended the sterling qualities of the newly appointed Chief of Staff (CoS) to Mr President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari. Alhaji Bala Usman, the Patron, Committee of Youth on CYMS, gave this commendation in a statement issued… May 23, 2020 In "News"