By Kevin Okunzuwa  Benin  –  Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has denied the allegation of bloated contracts, using his company, Afrinvest Ltd., to siphon state’s funds. Obaseki’s denial is contained in a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Communication Strategy, Crusoe Osagie and made available to the News Agency of (NAN) on Tuesday in Benin. NAN reports that some members of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), under the aegis of ‘Concerned PDP members’, had petitioned the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC), alleging unfair awards of contracts to companies in which the governor had a personal interest. The petition was authored by one Andrew Egboigbe, who claimed to be a PDP member in Ward 3, Orhionmwon LGA of Edo, on behalf of the other petitioners. Osagie states: “Our attention has been drawn to the baseless petition to the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission (ICPC) published in the media on Tuesday, Aug. 4. “In the petition, one Andrew Egboigbe, who is said to be a member of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ward 3, Orhionmwon LGA of Edo State, accused Gov. Obaseki of unfair award of contracts to companies. “The allegation is false and a feeble attempt to tarnish the image of the Edo State Governor. “Edo, under Gov. Obaseki, prides herself as one of the most transparent states in the management of finances. “As a matter of fact, Edo has been rated highly by the World Bank and other development institutions for her openness and transparency in the allocation of scarce resources, beginning with the process of making her budget, awards of contracts and release of funds to contractors’’. He stated that the Edo government understood that during the electioneering times that the state is in currently, such bogus and baseless claims could be sponsored the opposition. “As we head into the election, our eyes are constantly on the ball and we will not be distracted by such falsehoods,’’ he said. (NAN) By Muhammad Nasir Bello Tambuwal (Sokoto state) - The Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), Steering Committee has begun its work to track and ascertain projects executed by National Assembly members in Sokoto State. The Team leader, Mr Akibu Garba, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… June 29, 2019 In "News" By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja -   President Mohammadu Buhari says Nigerians will soon be told the total amount so far recovered by Federal Government from treasury looters. He stated this on Thursday in Benin at the All Progressives Congress (APC) Edo Presidential Mega Rally. “I assure you that sooner… January 18, 2019 In "Business" By Igbaugba Ehigimetor Benin - Mr Chris Ogiemwonyi, an All Progressives Congress (APC) aspirant for the 2020 Edo Governorship election, has called on the party to carefully scrutinise all those seeking for the party’s ticket. Ogiemwonyi made the call when representatives of APC youth leaders across the state declared their… March 3, 2020 In "Politics"