New Delhi  – One of India’s best-known classical vocalists, Pandit Jasraj, died in New Jersey on Monday at the age of 90, his family said. Jasraj, with a career spanning nearly seven decades, performed the Mewati Gharana style of Hindustani classical music. The iconic singer passed away after suffering cardiac arrest, his family said in a statement. “We pray that his soul rests in eternal musical peace,’’ it said. Domestic media outlets reported that Jasraj had been in the U.S. when the coronavirus lockdown was enforced in India and decided to remain there. Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the maestro’s demise had left a deep void in the country’s cultural sphere. “Not only were his renditions outstanding, he also made a mark as an exceptional mentor to several other vocalists. Condolences to his family and admirers worldwide,’’ Modi tweeted. Jasraj, who mesmerized generations of Indians with his voice, was born in the northern Indian state of Haryana in 1930. Jasraj received India’s top civilian honours: Padma Bhushan in 1975, and Padma Vibhushan in 2002. (dpa/NAN) New Delhi  -   Iconic India’s finest classical vocalists, Kishori Amonkar, has died in Mumbai. She was 84. Amonkar, who mesmerided audiences with her skilful singing for decades, died on Monday night at her home in central Mumbai. Domestic media, quoting her student, Gandhar Bedekar, reported Amonkar had died in… April 4, 2017 In "Foreign" By Taiye Olayemi Lagos - No fewer than 700 Indians resident in Lagos on Sunday held a run session in solidarity and support for India’s incumbent Prime Minister, Narendra Modi’s re-election. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the run session was held at the Tafawa Balewa Square, Lagos.… April 15, 2019 In "Foreign" New Delhi - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will not be participating in this year’s celebrations for Holi, the annual festival of colours, because of the new coronavirus outbreak. “Experts across the world have advised to reduce mass gatherings to avoid the spread of COVID-19 Novel Coronavirus,’’ Modi wrote in… March 4, 2020 In "Foreign"