Magdeburg (Germany)  – A Court on Wednesday heard that the man accused of carrying out the right-wing extremist attack on a synagogue in the German city of Halle had a collection of racist, fascist/ anti-Semitic content saved in his computer. Several experts from the Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA), testified after having evaluated the evidence against the man in recent months. Meanwhile, alongside data posted online immediately before the attack, including a manifesto and an interview with him, the suspect was also found to have contributed anonymously to anonymous internet forums known as imageboards. The BKA officials said they found on the man’s computer and disk drives numerous comic images, including with fascist symbols, as well as videos and images glorifying violence and links to the dark net. This content is typical of the right-wing extremist online community. Stephan Balliet, a 28-year-old man from Central state of Saxony-Anhalt, is on trial for attempted murder of 52 people inside the synagogue and the murders of a 40-year-old female passer-by and a 20-year-old man at a kebab shop. They were killed during a rampage after the armed gunman tried to gain access to the synagogue on Oct. 9, 2019, Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the year in the Jewish calendar. The attack was live-streamed on the internet. (dpa/NAN) Berlin - Germany’s government faced calls to toughen gun ownership laws and step up efforts to track far-right sympathisers, a media report said on Friday. Bild, Germany’s biggest-selling newspaper, wrote that the calls came after the suspect in one of its worst mass shootings since World War Two was found… February 21, 2020 In "Foreign" Berlin - Germany’s Military Counter-intelligence Service (MAD) listed 14 soldiers and employees of the armed forces to be extremists in 2019, a new report shows. Eight of the Bundeswehr members in question were classified as right-wing extremists, the agency said in its first annual report, which was submitted to parliament.… March 3, 2020 In "Foreign" Berlin - Federal police in Germany hope to build a new structure and personnel to combat far-right extremist groups and lone attackers, the media outlets WDR, NDR and Sueddeutsche Zeitung on Monday reported. The reports cite an internal planning document from the Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) that says up… August 19, 2019 In "Foreign"