By Kemi Akintokun Lagos  – A Senior Public Affairs Officer with the Lagos State Health Service Commission, Mrs Olabisi Junaid, has received the 2019 Excellence Award of the Lagos State Ministry of Information and Strategy. A statement by the commission’s Head of Public Affairs Unit, Mrs Abimbola Badejo-Salehu, on Friday said Junaid was among the nine recipients who were presented with the awards at the ministry. It said the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Gbenga Omotosho, who presented the award said that the move was to encourage public affairs oficers. “Commitment is being relentless without expecting so much in return. These officers have been closely scrutinized for undiluted servitude. “They have shown absolute selfless delivery to their charges and it can only be befitting they are accorded these appreciative awards for their altruism. “I encourage you all, not to relent in upholding the flag of excellence on your jobs,” the statement said. The Permanent Secretary in the Ministry, Mr Sina Thorpe, said that the ceremony was a step to greater initiative at encouraging the public relations practice among officers. “This could not be without some hitches, but it is definitely one move at sustaining and uplifting habits expected of professionals in the Public Affairs cadre. “Definitely, it assures of even re-modified processes in subsequent presentations. A hearty congratulations to these recipients,” he said. Junaid is a graduate of English from the University of Lagos, on Grade level 10 at the Public Affairs Department, Lagos Service Health Service Commission. (NAN) Abuja- Alh. Bello Mahmud, the Registrar-General of the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC), has won Chief Executive Officer of the Year Award from AES Excellent Club. This is contained in a statement signed by Mr Churchill Williams, Director, Public Affairs, CAC, on Monday in Abuja. The statement stated that Dr Nike… December 15, 2014 In "Business" By Oluwakemi Oladipo Lagos - Mr Toluwalashe Soyemi, a fourth year medical student of the Lagos State University (LASU), has been honoured with the Diana Award for creating and sustaining positive change in mental health in communities. Mr Ademola Adekoya, the institution’s Head of Centre for Information, Press and Public… July 5, 2020 In "Education" By Ebuka Onyeji A fortnight ago, inside the 500-seater conference hall of Nicon Luxury Hotel in Abuja, Dapo Olorunyomi, Publisher of PREMIUM TIMES, called for a national honour for late Stella Adadevoh. Mr Olorunyomi was giving his welcome address at the 2019 National Health Dialogue, an event this newspaper organised… October 27, 2019 In "Features"