By Mohammed Baba Busu Akun (Nasarawa State) –  The Nasarawa State Government has vowed that it will fish out killers of the former Information officer of Akun Development Area and former Treasurer, Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Nasarawa State Council, Mr Benjamin Ekom Mr Diogo Shammah, the state Commissioner of information, Culture and Tourism, made the statement on Thursday during his condolence visit to the family of the late Veteran Journalist in Washo, Akun Development Area of the state. The commissioner said that fishing out and punishing the perpetrators would serve as deterrent to others and would ensure peace in the state. He prayed God to expose the perpetrators of the devilish act. Shammah, who expressed concern over the security challenges in the state, assured that the State Government had taken step to bring the perpetrators to book. He said the state government would continue to protect the lives and property of its citizens for development to thrive. The Commissioner also described late Ekom as a true friend and colleague in the journalism profession who contributed a lot to the development of the state. ” I enjoin Eggon Community and members of the family to take solace in God,” he said. The commissioner prayed God to grant the deceased eternal rest. He reiterated the state government’s continued commitment to addressing the security challenges bedeviling the state. Responding on behalf of the Eggon Community and family, the Aren Akun, Alhaji Usman Galadima Umbugadu, the President Eggon Cultural Development Association, Pastor Wilberforce Alaku and President, EYM, Mr Daniel Anyuabuga-Yaro, separately thanked the Commissioner and state government for identifying with them at their moment of grief. They appealed to the state government to take proactive measures to bring the perpetrators to book. News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that Ekom was attacked and killed on Aug.3 in his house in Washo, Akun Development Area of the state. (NAN) By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia - Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa state has condemned the killing of a former treasurer of the State’s Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalist (NUJ), Mr Benjamin Ekom, by unidentified gunmen.Mr Ekom, who was also former Secretary-General of the Eggon Cultural Development Association (ECDA), was… August 4, 2020 In "News" By Mercy Enulue Lafia - The Nasarawa State Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism, Mr Dogo Shammah, has urged the ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs) in the state to keep information officers abreast of their activities for adequate publicity of government programmes. Shammah stated this on Tuesday Lafia, while playing… November 26, 2019 In "News" By Olukayode Babalola Lafia - Mr Dogo Shammah, Nasarawa Commissioner of Information, Culture and Tourism has decried the non-compliance of residents with government’s stay-at-home and markets closure directives aimed curtailing the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. Shammah expressed his displeasure over the development in an interview with News… April 1, 2020 In "News"