The National Orientation Agency has raised the alarm that some young people in Nasarawa State were forcing and harassing some COVID-19 compliant residents to remove their face masks. The Director-General of NOA, Garba Abari, stated this on Thursday in Abuja, while presenting the agency’s observations and report on the 4th and 5th sensitization interventions against the coronavirus disease epidemic in Nigeria. Abari said, “Our field officers especially in Nasarawa State have observed the activities of some youths who go about forcing people to remove their face masks because according to them, the virus is not existing.” He, therefore, called on government functionaries and the traditional institutions to work with the law enforcement agencies to curb the disturbing trend. The DG also called on states and local government officials to complement the efforts of the Federal Government by commencing rigorous sensitization and advocacy programmes to let their citizens know that the disease is real. He said, ” We must note that the general easing of the lockdown does not mean an end to the scourge. It simply means that we can live our lives by taking individual and community responsibility. “We appeal to states and local government officials to begin sensitization in schools in view of the partial resumption of schools. Service providers should also ensure that customers are reminded to observe the precaution measures especially the use of sanitizers and face masks. ” He expressed the hope that the partial reopening of schools to enable students in the exit classes to write their final examinations would help the management of schools to adopt practices that would lead to better hygiene and greater safety in schools. (Punch) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Director General of Nigeria Orientation Agency, Garba Abari has condemned the failure of the leaders of Nigeria Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) and Market Women Associations to enforce strict compliance of the COVID-19 Protocols on their members. According to him, “Motorists now… August 20, 2020 In "News" By Sunday John Lafia - National Orientation Agency (NOA), has reinstated commitment to partner the Nasarawa State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) on sensitisation on coronavirus (COVID-19) protocol. Mrs Priscilla Gond-Alour, Nasarawa State Director of NOA stated this on Tuesday during a familiarisation visit to the NUJ… July 28, 2020 In "Health" By Aisha Gambo Kaduna - The Kaduna State Directorate of the National Orientation Agency (NOA) on Wednesday called on Nigerians to avoid any form of social interaction to end community transmission of COVID-19. The state Director, Mr Zubairu Galadima-Soba, made the call while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria… May 6, 2020 In "News"