Senator Buruji Kashamu is dead. His good friend, Senator Ben Murray- Bruce, who disclosed this on Saturday said he lost Kashamu “forever to #COVID-19”. Announcing Kashamu’s death on his Twitter handle, Murray – Bruce tweeted: “I have just lost my good friend of forever to #COVID19. Murray-Bruce said further, ” Until his death, Sen. Buruji Kashamu and I were inseparable. He died today at First Cardiology Consultants, in Lagos. “May his gentle soul rest in peace. I pray his family and loved ones the fortitude to bear this heavy loss.” Newsdiaryonline reports Kashamu was a prominent politician from Ogun state who endured many political and legal battles until his death. See the tweet below: I have just lost my good friend of forever to #COVID19. Until his death, Sen. Buruji Kashamu and I were inseparable. He died today at First Cardiology Consultants, in Lagos. May his gentle soul rest in peace. I pray his family and loved ones the fortitude to bear this heavy loss. pic.twitter.com/OJGIt0VK3n Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Federal lawmaker representing Ogun east senatorial district at the red chamber, Senator Kashamu Buruji is dead. He is said to have died of COVID-19 related complications at Firat Cardiology Consultants in Lagos State. Senator Ben Murray Bruce made this announcement on his official Twitter handle minutes… August 8, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday summoned the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, to throw more light on the alleged fresh plot to abduct Senator Buruji Kashamu by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) and bundle him to the United States… February 3, 2016 In "Top Stories" Nigerian senator, Buruji Kashamu has reacted to a video purportedly showing him being slapped inside a London train.  The senator representing Ogun East, Buruji Kashamu, has denied claims that he is the one captured in a viral video being slapped on the head on a train in London. According to a… August 22, 2019 In "Entertainment"