By Olukayode Babalola Lafia –  The Police Command in Nasarawa State says is has arrested 27 suspects over alleged armed robbery and kidnapping in the state. Mr Bola Longe, Commissioner of Police in the state, told newsmen on Monday in Lafia that the suspects were arrested from different locations across the state within the last two weeks. Longe, while parading some of the suspects at the Police command headquarters in Lafia, said that amongst them were those connected to the killing of the village head of Odu community in Nasarawa Local Government Area, Mr Amos Obere, on July 31. He explained that the suspected killers of the village head were arrested from a drinking joint in Nasarawa town where they were having fun. He said the suspects also confessed to kidnapping some commuters in Loko village, who were travelling from Otukpo in Benue state to Abuja. The CP said that the suspects behind the killing of a Superintendent of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Salisu Usman-Maku and his sister, Sa’datu Usman-Maku, in Gudi, Akwanga Local Government Area, were also in police net. Others in Police custody according to CP are the alleged kidnappers of Bishop Joseph Masin, state chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN). He said that Seven firearms and several rounds of live ammunition as well as a vehicle were recovered from the criminal suspects during the various operations. Longe said, “The command wants to assert unequivocally that the security of lives and property of every law-abiding citizen remains its priority and will not shy away from this constitutional duty. “In the light of this, we want to reassure the public of our avowed commitment to the realisation of this objective. “The police also wants to appreciate members of the public, traditional rulers and other security agencies for their support and cooperation, which impacted positively on the police achievements in recent times.” (NAN) By Isaac Ukpoju     Lafia,    -    The Police Command in Nasarawa State has arrested 23 suspected armed robbers and kidnappers in August, the Commissioner of Police, Yahaya Bello, said on Friday. Bello told newsmen in Lafia that the suspects were arrested following distress calls and privileged information from courageous… September 7, 2018 In "Metro" The Nasarawa state police command on Monday said it arrested 27 criminals/armed robbers including the killers of the immigration officer in the state, late Salisu Usman Maku and his younger sister late Saidatu Usman Maku early last month. Speaking to our Correspondent in Lafia while being paraded by the state… August 10, 2020 In "News" By Aminu Garko Minna -  The Police Command in Niger has arrested 14 suspects for kidnapping, armed robbery, murder and theft in different parts of the state. The command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Mohammadu Abubakar, disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Minna. Abubakar said police detectives attached to… July 13, 2018 In "Metro"