Moscow  –  Swiss Ambassador to Lebanon Monika Schmutz was slightly injured as a result of the powerful blast that occurred on Tuesday in the port of Beirut, the Swiss Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. “The Swiss Embassy was badly damaged in the explosion on Tuesday afternoon in the Lebanese capital. “The Swiss Ambassador and a local employee were slightly injured.“The Swiss Ambassador was able to resume her work on Wednesday.“The rest of the Swiss Embassy staff and their immediate family members were not injured, but some are in shock,” the ministry said. A massive twin blast rocked Beirut on Tuesday, leaving nearly half of the city demolished and producing scores of casualties. The latest situation update has it that 113 people were killed while more than 4,000 others were injured.This is expected to put a further strain on Beirut hospitals already bending under the pressure of COVID-19 patients. According to Lebanese authorities, irregularities in the storage of a massive batch of explosives — some 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate — in a warehouse at the Beirut port was what had caused the horrendous explosion. (Sputnik/NAN) Cairo - The Lebanese Supreme Defense Council decided at a meeting on Wednesday that a port in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli will take over the functions of the port in Beirut, which was recently destroyed by a powerful explosion.“Prepare the port of Tripoli for providing trade operations on… August 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Over 100 people have died and more than 4,000 injured in the graphic blast that occurred in Lebanon yesterday. It has been claimed that the huge explosion in Beirut, Lebanon was caused by a welder at work. Close to where the welder was working, there was "highly explosive sodium nitrate"… August 5, 2020 In "Foreign" By Habiba Broger Bern - Two Nigerians temporarily living in Switzerland have indicated that they desire to be evacuated to Nigeria amid the coronavirus pandemic ravaging the world. Amb. Baba Madugu, Nigeria’s Ambassador to Switzerland disclosed this on Tuesday in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… April 14, 2020 In "News"