By Lizzy Okoji Abuja  – A total of 327 stranded Nigerians successfully evacuated by the Federal Government have departed Gatwick Airport, London, and are expected to arrive at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja. Ms Sarah Sanda, Special Assistant (Media) to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, disclosed this to journalists on Sunday in Abuja. Sanda said the returnees departed London at 11.15a.m. aboard Air Peace airline. “The 327 returnees from the UK departed Gatwick Airport in London to Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport today, Aug. 9, 2020, at 11.15a.m. aboard Air Peace flight No. P47854 operated by Air Europa Fight No AEA855,” she said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that following the COVID-19 pandemic, Nigeria has been evacuating its citizens stranded in other countries. On Saturday (Aug. 8), 323 stranded Nigerians, including six infants, successfully evacuated from the UK, arrived at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport in Lagos. The returnees will undergo testing and quarantine in line with the Federal Government’s COVID-19 guidelines. (NAN) The Federal Government has evacuated 270 stranded Nigerians in Egypt, The Nation has learnt. The evacuees, according to a tweet by the Nigerians In Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), would arrive the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja by 6.00pm local time. The tweet noted the Egypt air flight departed with two other… July 10, 2020 In "News" A total of 160 Nigerians evacuated by the Nigerian Missions in the United States have arrived at Abuja’s Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Daily Sun reports. Kimiebi Ebienfa of the Crises Monitoring and Public Communications Division, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, disclosed the details of the arrival in a terse message in… May 10, 2020 In "News" Nigerians stranded in the United States due to the coronavirus pandemic are on their way home. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that 160 Nigerians, including eight infants, made the first batch of evacuees. They are returning aboard an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 aircraft under the special flight arrangements by… May 10, 2020 In "News"