Lagos (Portugal)  – Left-back Alphonso Davies missed Bayern Munich training on Wednesday, but coach Hansi Flick expects him to be fit for Friday’s UEFA Champions League quarter-final match against FC Barcelona. Flick said that the 19-year-old was rested as a precaution because he was suffering from “light adductor problems.” Asked whether Davies could miss the game, Flick said: “We don’t think so.” Canada’s Davies played an outstanding season for Bayern Munich and is needed in his best shape for the big game to help contain Lionel Messi, who likes to attack on that side. Flick hopes he does not have to reshuffle his defence again, with right-back Benjamin Pavard still sidelined and Joshua Kimmich taking his place again in a move back from midfield. Should Davies not be able to play, Lucas Hernandez would be a candidate for the position. Bayern Munich are set to leave their training base in Lagos on the Algarve coast for Lisbon on Thursday. The UEFA Champions League finals were to open later Wednesday and run until Aug. 23, with the Bavarians aiming for a sixth title. Slovenia’s Damir Skomina will referee the one-legged tie, European football governing body UEFA has announced. He was in charge when Bayern Munich beat Barca in the 2013 semi-final second leg en route to a treble, which they hope to repeat this year. (dpa/NAN) Munich - Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski ended a personal jinx when he opened his account against Fortuna Duesseldorf by scoring twice in a 5-0 win on Saturday. The win ensured the title-holders moved closer to a record-extending 30th Bundesliga title. The thumping victory left leaders Bayern Munich, who are… May 31, 2020 In "Sports" Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, Neymar, Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Muller have all been nominated for the latest Nissan-sponsored UEFA Champions League Goal of the Week. All five players scored sensational goals over the course of two absorbing semi-final ties involving four giants of the European game: Real Madrid, Juventus, Barcelona… May 15, 2015 In "Sports" Neymar Jnr capped a wonderful evening for FC Barcelona, netting the third goal of yesterday evening’s party in Berlin, Germany, to prolong Juventus’ goalie, Gianluigi Buffon’s wait for a UEFA Champions League trophy and breaking Juve hearts in Torino and around the world to seal Barca’s fifth triumph in Europe.… June 7, 2015 In "Sports"