By Uchediunor Augusta Lagos –  Lagos State Chairman of Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria (RTEAN), Alhaji Mohammed Musa, has called on transport unions to always cooperate with all tiers of government to move the nation forward. The RTEAN boss spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) on Saturday in Lagos on the occasion of the 42nd anniversary of the union. Musa said that cooperating with the government would help in reforming the transport sector. “Members should collaborate with government at all levels to create a peaceful and conducive working environment. “I also urge our members to be united as one in order to lift the association higher,” Musa said. He urged members of the association to apply its slogan of ‘maturity’ by “being law abiding in all we do. “We pray for peace and harmony in the nation because it is only in such that we can operate well,” he said. The RTEAN boss also urged members to work hard toward the reformation of the transport sector which he described as the “mover of the nation’s economy.’’ (NAN) By kazeem Akande and Uchediunor AugustaLagos, - The Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria (RTEAN) and the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) on Wednesday assured the Lagos State Governor-elect, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu of maximum cooperation and support. The Lagos State Chairman of RTEAN, Alhaji Mohammed Musa and his… May 1, 2019 In "News" Lagos - Road transport unions in Lagos on Sunday cautioned their members against reckless driving and disregard for traffic laws before, during and after the Yuletide to prevent accidents. The National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) and the Road Transport Employers' Association of Nigeria (RTEAN) gave the warning in… December 20, 2015 In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - Alhaji Mohammed Musa, the Lagos State Chairman of the Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria (RTEAN), has urged his loyalists not to fight, insult or harass anybody over his second term bid. Musa made the plea on Thursday evening while addressing a crowd at the… September 13, 2019 In "News"