Big Brother Lockdown housemate, BrightO has told Kiddwaya he is not a fan of his fellow housemate Neo because he is more of a pretender and tells so much lies. He made the statement while in a discussion with the billionaire’s son yesterday. BrightO said he thinks Neo came into the house with a script and he’s not being himself. He claims the housemate is much of a liar and he’s been playing his game to get people’s pity. According to Bright, he doesn’t believe most of the things Neo says in the house, and that’s just a personality he’s not cool with. He said Neo likes talking in codes so he doesn’t reveal his true personality. Talking about himself, BrightO said he says things as they are and if Kiddwaya observes, he would notice he doesn’t speak much when in a crowd, except if it’s just a gathering of two or more people. Well, BrightO only seems to be confirming what many viewers of the show have been saying about Neo. It’s being discussed widely on social media the housemate is trying to paint a different picture from his true nature. It’s however important to note this is just a game, and the best player will definitely emerge the winner, with support from the fans. See Video Below; Big Brother Naija season 5 housemate Kiddwaya has said he's not sure he has feelings for fellow housemate, Erica. Recall that the two have been all romantic and even engaging in sexual act in the house. When he was put on the spot on Sunday during the live eviction show,… August 10, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica's attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Terseer Waya, the son of Nigerian socialite, Terry Waya, and one of the hottest male housemates at the ongoing Big Brother Naija, on Friday night expressed his opinion about housemates in the reality show. The housemate also known as Kiddwaya while consoling Erica who had a face-off with Wathoni said… August 16, 2020 In "Entertainment"