Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Lagos Zonal Office, have arrested a serving military personnel, Lance Corporal Ajayi Kayode, and 26 others for alleged internet fraud in the Lekki axis of Lagos State. Kayode, with service number NAF18/34732, was arrested in his military attire during an early morning raid at 6B, Fatai Idowu Arobike, Lekki Phase 1, Lagos, on Saturday, August 15, 2020, following intelligence received from concerned members of the public about his alleged involvement in criminal activities. He was arrested alongside Kalu Emmanuel; Hassan Sunday; Odinaka David Okem; Victor Ochiabuito; Christopher Prince; Victor Ologhu; Alex Aka; Miracle Onyekwere; Habeeb Ayomide; Olakunle Ajeigbu, Rasheed Olanrewaju, and Salam Hakeem. Others are: Adeniran Nurudeen; Opeyemi Ojo Chris; Derrick Moris; Shehu Oluoti; Fuad Akinbayo; Babatunde Idowu; Uzo Igwe Nathaniel; Debowale Adedoyin; Shegun Emmanuel; Godswill Maduchem; Samson Kazeem; Oluwatobi Oluwatoba, Olaitan Ajao and Oyindamola Kareem. In his statement to the EFCC, Kayode said the “big shot yahoo yahoo boys” in whose company he was arrested, were his friends and that they had been teaching him how to make money through cybercrime. While the “boys” are members of Organised Cyber Criminal Syndicate Network, OCCSN, the ladies arrested with them confirmed the involvement of their “boyfriends” in internet fraud. Items recovered from the suspects include diamond jewelry, exotic cars and expensive phones. The suspects will be charged to court soon. See photos below; Source ABUJA (SundiataPost) - A female social media influencer, Adedamola Adewale, popularly known as @adeherself on the social media, has been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission for alleged Internet fraud. Adewale was arrested alongside one Lamina Ajibola in a four-bedroom duplex in the Agungi area of Lagos State.… June 17, 2020 In "Metro" 32 "Yahoo boys" have been arrested by men of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibadan Zonal Office on Tuesday August 11 for their alleged involvement in internet fraud. The suspects were apprehended during a raid on their hideout in Ogbomoso, Oyo State. Officers of the EFCC swept on the… August 12, 2020 In "News" Operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, have arrested a 30-year-old Oladimeji Olusegun Ogunfolaju, owner of Lakers Hotel and Lake County Entertainment in Lagos, and 79 others for alleged involvement in internet fraud. DAILY POST gathered that the hotel is allegedly a haven for Internet fraudsters and is… March 9, 2020 In "Metro"