Nigerians are not banned from visiting the United Arab Emirates (UAE), contrary to earlier reports, an official from the Dubai tourism has stated. Stella Fubara-Obinwa, its Director Africa, International Operations, made this known during a webinar organised by the National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies (NANTA), themed “Tourism Business Opportunities in Face of New Normal.” Fubara-Obinwa said there was never a time, nor was there any publication, which reported that Nigerians had been banned from visiting the UAE. “I challenge people to show me any publication from the United Arab Emirates which states that Nigerians had been banned from the country. “This is fake news and am not happy with the development from the Nigeria travel agents. “Nigeria is very important to Dubai; Nigeria has the highest number of travellers to Dubai, out of the 41 sub-Sahara countries. “As a matter of fact, Dubai is ready to accommodate visitors, likewise every hospitality business, while we adhere to the new COVID-19 restrictions,” she said. Fubara-Obinwa said Dubai had been opened to tourists from July 7, adding that safety measures had been put in place across all hospitality and tourism outfits. She noted that Dubai was recently recognised as a safe destination by the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC). According to her, in Dubai now, a tourist is expected to have a Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test at any accredited laboratory in their countries, 96 hours before embarking on a trip to Dubai. She explained that this would make travellers ascertain their COVID-19 status prior to their journey to Dubai to guide against spreading the virus. Source By Taiye Olayemi Lagos - The Dubai Tourism says it has not banned Nigerians from visiting the United Arab Emirates (UAE),Stella Fubara-Obinwa, its Director Africa, International Operations, has said.Fubara-Obinwa made the clarification during a webinar organised by the National Association of Nigeria Travel Agencies (NANTA) in Lagos.Theme of the meeting… August 5, 2020 In "News" Lagos - The Dubai Corporation for Tourism and Commerce Marketing on Tuesday said it had concluded plans to host 200 Nigerians on paid trips for 2016 Dubai Shopping Festival in January. Mrs Stella Obinwa, the Regional Director, Africa International Operations of the corporation, made the disclosure to the News Agency of Nigeria… November 24, 2015 In "Style" By: Lawal Sale Abuja - The United Arab Emirates Embassy in Nigeria has denied suspending or stopping the issuance of three months visa to Nigerians travelling to the country as a result of a robbery allegedly involving five Nigerians in Dubai. The embassy in its Twitter handle @UAEEmbassyNGR said: “In… April 5, 2019 In "News"