Hilary Tisch, the daughter of an American billionaire and New York Giant’s co-owner Steve Tisch, has died on Monday, August 10. He death came after she attempted suicide over the weekend. Hilary Tisch, 36, passed away in a hospital. Steve, son of former Giants owner BobTisch, told TMZ in a statement that his daughter Hilary battled depression before she died. He said the Tisch “family is utterly heartbroken and is mourning its tragic loss. We love and will miss her dearly.” He added that Hilary’s “mother, sisters, brothers and I are devastated by her passing. It leaves a hole in our hearts and our lives. She, like so many others, bravely fought the disease of depression for as long as she could.” Hilary, a successful jewelry designer, had struggled through depression for many years. Despite that, she spent most of her life helping others. She volunteered with Operation Smile, a nonprofit medical service organization that’s provided over 220,000 free surgeries around the world for kids and young adults born with cleft lips, cleft palates and other facial deformities. Her father said she will be remembered as “a kind, caring and beautiful person.” Source A brokenhearted woman killed herself hours after her fiance was run over by a Domino’s delivery driver. Alice 26, committed suicide after sending a message to her dead boyfriend's phone to tell him she couldn't live without him and will be joining him soon. Jason Francis was run over by… November 28, 2019 In "Foreign" By Abounu Abounu­ Voting for Donald Tru­mp is like MMM. Many ­sensible people are d­oing it but they won't tell you. The close­t racists were not ca­ptured in the opinion­ polls that's why the­y failed to reflect t­he true wishes of the­ majority. But most e­specially the media p­ortrayed Trump… November 12, 2016 In "Opinion" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A student of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Grace Dara Opeyemi, at the weekend committed suicide over poor academic performance. The student in the Department of English Studies was said to have exercised the fear that she might not graduate alongside her mates for alleged poor… August 4, 2019 In "Top Stories"