The Ogun State Government has ordered the reopening of worship centres in the state. Governor Dapo Abiodun made this announcement on Friday, in a statement made available to journalists while giving an update on the efforts of the government in combating the COVID-19 pandemic in the state. The governor explained that he took the decision after thorough deliberation, consideration and resolution with stakeholders. He said, “After thorough deliberation, consideration and resolution, we decided to reopen the worship centres with effect from Friday 14th August, 2020 as indicated in my last address. “This decision was made in line with an agreement reached by the committee set up to develop guidelines for reopening of the religious centres. “The Committee includes the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN); the League of Imams and Alfas and Government representatives. “I am delighted to note that reports reaching us indicate varying but encouraging level of preparedness by the Worship Centres. “Therefore, today, Friday, 14th August is hereby confirmed for the commencement of operations of the Worship Centres, subject to the guidelines.” He urged all stakeholders to comply with the agreed guidelines with a view to further flattening the curve of the pandemic. Abiodun, however, said the limitation on social gatherings not exceeding 20 people at any place is still in force. He said, “Let me say that now that our worship centres are open for activities, the restrictions on weekends are lifted, but the limitation on social gatherings not exceeding 20 people at any place at the same time is still very much in force. “Observation of dusk-to-dawn curfew as directed by the Presidential Task Force (PTF) i.e. between 10.00pm and 4.00am daily. “Wearing of face masks in the public is compulsory and failure to do so is punishable. “Only one passenger is still allowed for motorcycles and two passengers only for tricycles. Taxi cabs and buses still have 60 per cent limitation on their carrying capacity and non-adherence attracts sanction. “The COVID-19 Task Force in markets must continue to ensure physical distancing, availability of handwashing facilities, and use of gloves and facemasks for traders. Decontamination will continue in our markets and other public places.” (Punch) Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun has announced a date for reopening of worship centres in the state. The announcement made on Wednesday stated that worship centres would reopen in the state effective August 14. He made the disclosure while giving COVID-19 updates at the Governor’s Office, Oke-Mosan, Abeokuta. He warned… July 30, 2020 In "News" The Federal Ministry of Education Tuesday briefed members of the Senate Committee on Basic and Secondary Education on its plans to reopen schools which have been shut as part of measures to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Minister of State for Education, Mr. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, during the… June 23, 2020 In "News" Lagos and Ogun have said only pupils in Senior Secondary School (SSS) 3 class will resume to sit for the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) in Lagos and Ogun. This comes after the Federal Government on Monday said the examination would begin on August 17 and that schools… July 29, 2020 In "Education"