By Harrison Arubu New York –   The United States on Wednesday said it provided 9.25 billion dollars (N3.5 trillion) in humanitarian assistance worldwide in 2019. Its Secretary of State, Mr Michael Pompeo, ssid this in a message on the occasion of the World Humanitarian Day. Pompeo said the funds provided food, shelter, healthcare, education, safe drinking water and sanitation for tens of millions of people affected by crises. “Over the past decade, the United States has committed more than 70 billion dollars (N26.6 trillion) in humanitarian assistance globally. “This assistance includes support to ensure the safety and security of humanitarian workers as they courageously care for the most vulnerable people in dangerous situations from Syria to Venezuela and from Northeast Nigeria to Burma, including armed conflict,” he said. Pompeo paid tributes to humanitarian workers who died protecting lives and alleviating the suffering of the world’s most vulnerable people. “We recognise the tireless commitment of these individuals who put the lives of others before their own. “We salute those who persist in their life-saving work despite the growing risks to their own health and safety,” he said. The Secretary of State urged government and parties to armed conflicts to ensure the safety and security of workers on duty. “It is imperative that all parties to armed conflict comply with their obligations under international humanitarian law and work to ensure the safety and security of humanitarian personnel. “Attacks directed against health and other humanitarian workers put millions of people at risk by denying them care and life-saving assistance, and this trend is worsening, even amidst a global pandemic,” he added. According to the a United Nations, humanitarian workers suffered unprecedented 483 attacks globally in 2019. (NAN) By Prudence Arobani   New York   -        The U.S. Government says it anticipates processing up to 310,000 refugees and asylum seekers in 2019. U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the country proposed resettling up to 30,000 refugees under the new refugee ceiling as well as processing more than 280,000… September 18, 2018 In "Foreign" WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 12: U.S. President Donald Trump talks to journalists while hosting Prime Minister of Ireland Leo Varadkar in the Oval Office at the White House March 12, 2020 in Washington, DC. Taoiseach Varadkar is in Washington for the annual celebration of St. Patrick's Day and to participate… April 22, 2020 In "Foreign" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The U.S. Government on Wednesday announced an additional 270 million dollars (N101 billion) in foreign assistance to fight the coronavirus pandemic. This brings the total global financial aid by the U.S. since the outbreak of the virus to 775 million dollars (N291 billion), the Secretary of… April 22, 2020 In "Top Stories"