Daniel Amokachi jubilates after scoring during the USA 94 World Cup By Olanrewaju Akojede Lagos –   Former Super Eagles striker and Nigerian Football Ambassador, Daniel Amokachi, has been appointed Special Assistant on Sports to President Mohammadu Buhari. Amokachi’s appointment was announced in a statement by the Media Officer to the Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Sunday Dare. “I am pleased to inform you that Mohammadu Buhari, the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has approved the appointment of a Special Assistant on Sports. “The appointment takes effect from the 11th of August, 2020. “As Special Assistant on Sports, Amokachi is expected to advise the President on all sports matters, he said. The former Everton of England player was earlier in the year named Nigeria’s Football Ambassador and is expected to mentor youngsters. Amokachi (‘Da Bull) began his career in Kaduna with Ranchers Bees Football Club and played for Club Brugge of Belgium, Besiktas of Turkey, Everton of England and Colorado Rapids. He was thrice voted the third best player in Africa. Ne played in three World Cup finals, won two nations cup as both player and Assistant Coach to Stephen Keshi, Austin Eguavoen, Samson Siasia and Lars Largerback. He won Gold in the Football event of the Atlanta 1996 Olympics. His careeer was truncated by injury but he has also coached the U-23 National team and Nasarrawa United. (NAN) Daniel Amokachi President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed retired Nigerian professional footballer, former Super Eagles player and Assistant Coach, Daniel Amokachi, Nigeria’s Football Ambassador. Amokachi, a member of the 1994 Super Eagles Team that won the African Nations Cup in Tunisia, was also in the Nigerian Olympic Football Team to the… February 4, 2020 In "Sports" By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin - The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has denied rumours making rounds in the media of the appointment of former Super Eagles Captain and Coach, Daniel Amokachi as Head of its Technical Department. In a statement on Wednesday, Ademola Olajire, NFF Director of Communications, said Mr Bitrus… February 19, 2020 In "Sports" Abuja - The Nigeria Nation-Wide League (NNWL) on Thursday in Abuja announced its transformation into Nationwide League One (NLO) and unveiled Ifeanyi Ubah as Patron and four ex-internationals as the league’s ambassadors. The former players, namely Daniel Amokachi, Victor Ikpeba, Garba Lawal and Patrick Pascal. were honoured for starting their… August 6, 2015 In "News"