Juba  – At least 38 people were killed during clashes between soldiers and civilians refusing to be disarmed as part of a peace agreement in South Sudan, officials said Tuesday. Clashes erupted when soldiers of the South Sudan People’s Defense Force tried to disarm civilians in the town of Tonj East in Warrap State as part of a recent peace agreement, the town’s councillor James Mabior Makuei said. Some civilians refused to hand over their guns at a market in Tonj East on Sunday, with a number of bystanders joining the fight that ensued, Mabior said. The fighting quickly spread to nearby villages, with armed civilians attacking an army base in the nearby town of Romic on Monday morning, said army spokesman Lul Ruai Koang. “Casualties are heavy on both sides. The death toll is likely to rise because some civilians are still missing,” said Mabior. Koang said the army had withdrawn from the area on Tuesday in an attempt “to minimize further escalation.” The disarmament of civilians is part of a peace agreement signed between South Sudanese President Kiir and opposition leader Riek Machar in February after many months of negotiations. Kiir and Machar agreed to form a government of national unity in which both are holding key leadership positions. So far, a partial unity government has been formed and state governors have been appointed but parliament has yet to be reconstituted. (dpa/NAN) Juba - South Sudan authority on Tuesday said at least 28 people had been killed and 10 children abducted during ethnic clashes in the country.The country’s acting Commissioner, Mabior Mawut, told dpa in a telephone interview that about 19 others were injured when heavily armed men from the Murle ethnic… July 28, 2020 In "Foreign" Juba -  The Military on Monday said nine people, including five soldiers and four civilians, were killed when South Sudan’s army clashed with rebel forces. Rebels linked to exiled former vice president Riek Machar attacked military positions in the north-western Equatoria region over the weekend, army spokesman Lul Koang told… March 26, 2018 In "Foreign" China halted weapons sales to South Sudan after it discovered the state arms manufacturer sold millions of dollars worth of equipment to the war-torn nation, a Chinese Embassy official said. China North Industries Group Corp., known as Norinco, delivered its first consignment of a $38 million order to South Sudan… September 30, 2014 In "Foreign"