By Deborah Coker Ugbegun (Edo) –  The Onojie of Ugbegun in Edo, Samuel Obade II, has assured the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that the community would vote massively for it in the Sept. 19 gubernatorial election in the state. The royal father gave the assurance when the PDP campaign train and its candidate, Gov. Godwin Obaseki, paid him a courtesy visit in his palace during the party’s campaign rally in the area. He said that the community would vote to re-elect the governor for him to continue his good works in the state, adding that Obaseki had started well and deserved a second term in office. The monarch expressed optimism that the forth coming election would be the most peaceful in the history of the state. The royal father said that the governor had taken development to every nook and cranny of the state. He commended him for the development in the community, adding that he had solved most of the problems bedevilling it. Earlier, the PDP candidate told the monarch and his Council of Chiefs that the campaign train was in the community to solicit his blessings for his re-election. He noted that he was conversant with the demands of the community and further assured them that given another four years, they would be met. He noted that the demands of the community were legitimate and the state government was presently looking into them with a view to meeting them. (NAN) By Deborah Coker Ewohimi (Edo) -Gov Godwin Obaseki, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for the Sept. 19 governorship election in Edo, said on Tuesday that the party would give power sector priority if re-elected. Obaseki said this when he visited to Ewohimi community, Esan South East Local Government Area… August 18, 2020 In "Politics" By Deborah Coker Ekpon (Edo State) - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Wednesday advised the people of Ekpon, especially the youth, against selling their votes in the forthcoming Edo governorship election fixed for Sept. 19.Okowa gave the advice when he joined the campaign train of Gov. Godwin Obaseki of… August 19, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) Chief Wole Olanipeku is leading four other SANS in cases of certificate forgery and perjury instituted against Government Godwin Obaseki of Edo State. The plaintiffs are asking the court to disqualify the governor and his deputy from participating in the September… July 19, 2020 In "News"