Abakaliki (Sundiata Post) –  The Ebonyi State Independent Electoral Commission (EBSIEC), on Sunday  announced candidates of  the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), winner of all the chairmanship and councillorship seats in Saturday’s council polls conducted across the 13 Local Government Area (LGA) of the state. Mr Jossy Eze, Chairman of EBSIEC, made the disclosure in Abakaliki while announcing the results of the elections held across the 171 electoral wards and 13 councils of the state. Eze announced that the commission has ratified and adopted the chairmanship results for the 13 LGAs as announced by various LGA returning officers and the councillorship results announced at the 171 electoral wards. “Chief Emmanuel Nwangele won the chairmanship position for Abakaliki LGA, Mrs Obiageri Oko-Enyim—Afikpo North, Chief Eni Uduma– Afikpo South and Mrs Chinyere Nwogbaga–Ebonyi LGA. “Dr Nora Alo won the Chairmanship seat for Ezza North LGA, Mr Kenneth Eze—Ezza South LGA, Chief Stephen Orogwu—Ikwo LGA, Mr Henry Eze—Ishiellu and Mr Onyebuchi Ogbadu—Ivo LGA. “Chief Paul Nwogha won the chairmanship position for Izzi LGA, Mrs Chinyere Iyioku—Ohaozara LGA, Clement Odah—Ohaukwu LGA and Mr Felix Igboke—Onicha LGA,” he said. The EBSIEC Chairman, however,  declined to disclose the figures of the results. He thanked all stakeholders involved in the conduct of the elections, for their support and encouragement. “I particularly thank the state government for not interfering in the conduct of the elections as this helped in making it credible, free and fair. “The election has been won and lost, but the victory is for everybody who participated at the elections. “The winners should carry everybody along and everyone should contribute in delivering democratic dividends to people at the grassroots, which the local government areas represent,” he said. Mr Onyekachi Nwebonyi, PDP Chairman in the state, commended EBSIEC for conducting a hitch-free election and all stakeholders who contributed to its smooth conduct. “We congratulate our candidates for the victory as its overwhelming nature shows that Ebonyi is a PDP state. “We assure the electorate that our candidates will continue to deliver democracy dividends to them under the able guidance of the state governor,” he said. By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki  -    The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has won the chairmanship seats of the 13 Local Government Areas of Ebonyi in the Saturday local council polls. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the party also won all the councillorship seats in the 171 wards… April 23, 2017 In "News" Abakaliki - Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi and PDP governorship candidate election has been declared winner of the Ebonyi governorship election. Prof Frank Chukwuemeka, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) State Collation Officer for Ebonyi governorship announced Umahi as winner on Sunday in Abakaliki. Chukwuemeka disclosed that Umahi polled a… March 10, 2019 In "Politics" The Ebonyi State Governor and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), David Umahi, has taken the lead in the results of the governorship election announced so far. Mr Umahi won in all the five local governments announced so far. He has so far garnered 136,906 votes from the five… March 10, 2019 In "Politics"