Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemates and lovers, Vee and Neo are currently trending on Twitter over a private discussion they just had in the Big Brother House. The pair were in the kitchen cooking when Neo made a pregnancy gesture to which Vee then threatened to f**k him up and told him to be scared instead. But an unbothered Neo played down any fears before Vee replied to him, saying: “It would come by tomorrow.’ When Neo said to her that she probably just miscalculated, a visibly worried Vee disagreed and noted that she’s been in the Big Brother House for a month and a day. See Video Below; Pregnancy scare? Vee tells Neo to be scared as she complains about missing her period in the Big Brother House  : Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemates and lovers, Vee and Neo are currently trending on Twitter over a private discussion they just had in the Big Brother House.  : The pair were in the Kitchen cooking when Neo made a pregnancy gesture to which Vee then threatened to f**k him up and told him to be scared instead. But an unbothered Neo played down any fears before Vee replied to him, saying: 'It will come by tomorrow.' :  When Neo said to her that she probably just miscalculated, a visibly worried Vee disagreed and noted that she's been in the Big Brother House for a month and a day.7 A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Aug 20, 2020 at 3:47pm PDT Source Big Brother Naija ‘lockdown’ housemate, Neo took a romantic step to settle a quarrel earlier today with Vee. He bent his knee and apologized to her. Earlier in the day while clearing their room, Neo had sent his love interest, Vee away from his corner. Few minutes after Neo had… August 14, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates, Kaisha and Neo on Saturday night were caught together in the bathroom. Praise disclosed this to Wathoni and asked her to go and confirm in the bathroom. However, it is not clear what both housemates were caught doing. This seems to have caused tension between… August 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Lockdown housemate, Neo suprised Vee for her 24th birthday as he went all out for her by sacrificing all his BBNaira to get fresh flowers for her. The love between the pair is obviously waxing stronger than ever. Well, it was not a straightforward path for Neo to… August 19, 2020 In "Entertainment"