The Police in Ekiti State have arrested a lady, Mary Idris, for allegedly faking her own kidnap on August 9, 2020, with a view to extorting money from her parents. The state Commissioner of Police, Tunde Mobayo, said the lady was “arrested alongside her accomplice, Victor Olawuse, in Akure, the Ondo State capital, where she had gone from Ekiti State to carry out the act.” The commissioner, who was represented by the state Police Public Relations Officer, Sunday Abutu, during the parade of 18 suspects for various offences at the police headquarters, said Mary’s mother “came to our station and reported that her daughter, Mary Idris, left home on August 9, at about 4pm and never returned. “She said all efforts to reach her daughter via phone calls proved abortive. After a while, the younger sister of the suspect received a message through her phone that Mary had been kidnapped and demanded ransom to be paid to Access Bank Account number 11233209688. “The command’s Special Anti-Robbery Squad operatives tracked the phone number that sent the message to Akure, Ondo State, where Mary was arrested alongside her accomplice, Victor Olawuse.” Mary said, “I arranged the kidnap to get money from my parents because they are not taking proper care of me.” The police also paraded one Femi Eyinafe for allegedly abducting and having canal knowledge of a 16-year-old girl for three days. The commissioner said, “During interrogation, the suspect confessed to the crime, and had described how he made the victim drink a locally manufactured bottled beverage already laced with hard drugs, after which she lost consciousness for the three days.” Source: Punch A kidnap suspect, Mukaila Alatunse has revealed how the ‘success’ story of Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, otherwise known as Evans forced him into kidnapping business. Alatunse said he wanted to make money like the notorious kidnapper, who is now cooling his heels in police custody. The police in Ogun State foiled an… July 13, 2017 In "News" The mother of a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was allegedly abducted by a three-man kidnap syndicate recently, Mrs Ukamaka Onyechi, was terribly alarmed when she got a call from her daughter’s guardian in school decrying her absence several days after school had resumed. At first, the rattled mother found the message… February 23, 2020 In "Metro" Ibadan  - The Oyo State Police Command on Tuesday paraded a 20- year-old man for allegedly kidnapping his three-year-old niece for ransom. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Leye Oyebade, told newsmen in Ibadan that the victim was kidnapped at her residence at Adegbayi area of Egbeda, Ibadan. He… April 6, 2016 In "Metro"