Busola Akinro, a ward Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, was on Saturday attacked by armed thugs suspected to be loyal to the All Progressives Congress during the local government election., a SaharaReporters report has shown. Mr Akinro was attacked at the front of his house at Igbara Oke in Ifedore Local Government Area of the state while voting took place. A source, who witnessed the attack, said the hoodlums loyal to the APC came to challenge Akiro in his house for allegedly influencing electorates to vote for the candidates of African Democratic Party in the election. “The APC thugs came and began harassing the Chairman because the voting took place directly in front of his house. “They felt they were not going to win there because of the ADC. In fact, they also assaulted his daughter and cut him with axe on his right arm,” the source said. He explained that the case was immediately reported at Igbara Oke Police Station before the victims were rushed to the hospital for treatment. A police officer, who was also at the scene, confirmed the attack, noting that some arrests had been made. Source A PREMIUM TIMES journalist, Kunle Sanni, was on Saturday morning abducted by political thugs for taking pictures of underage voters at a polling unit in Plateau State. Mr Sanni, who was monitoring the elections in the area, was accosted by an agent of the ruling All Progressives Congress who had… March 10, 2019 In "Top Stories" Kanke (Plateau) -  Thugs on Friday disrupted the PDP primary elections organised to decide its chairmanship candidate for Kanke, in the Feb. 18 local government elections in Plateau. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the thugs, who invaded the Kwall Stadium venue of the election, beat up members… November 18, 2017 In "Politics" By Rasaq Ibrahim, Ado Ekiti Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A yet-to-be identified person was reportedly killed by suspected political thugs in Ikere-Ekiti, headquarters of Ikere Local Government Area of Ekiti, while four sustained injuries during the local government election on Saturday. The Nation gathered that the incident occurred at ward… December 7, 2019 In "Politics"