Evicted Big Brother Naija housemate, Lilo Aderogba on Sunday claimed that her lover in the house, Eric took advantage of her weakness. She made this known in her first interview with Ebuka Obi-Uchendu. Lilo disclosed that she feels happy leaving the BBnaija House because her relationship with fellow housemate, Eric was starting to crossing boundaries. Lilo also told Ebuka that she felt like she was being used by Eric because she displayed her weakness whenever they are together. Apologizing to her fans, she stated that she was carried away by putting her emotions before her goals. In her words she said, “I feel like I put my feelings and emotions before my goals, I was like carried away. My friendship with Eric didn’t happen too fast, but we catching feelings definitely happened too fast. I Just wanted to be his friend, but he told me it’s me he wants. When I am by myself, I think, but when Eric is with me, I don’t. I felt like he took advantage of the fact that I was weak towards him being sweet and my cuddle buddy.” Watch video below: Evicted Big Brother Naija housemate, Lilo Aderogba on Sunday claimed that her lover in the house, Eric took advantage of her weakness. She made this known in her first interview with Ebuka Obi-Uchendu. Lilo disclosed that she feels happy leaving the BBnaija House because her relationship with fellow housemate, Eric was starting to crossing boundaries. Lilo also told Ebuka that she felt like she was being used by Eric because she displayed her weakness whenever they are together. Apologizing to her fans, she stated that she was carried away by putting her emotions before her goals. In her words she said, “I feel like I put my feelings and emotions before my goals, I was like carried away.My friendship with Eric didn’t happen too fast, but we catching feelings definitely happened too fast.I Just wanted to be his friend, but he told me it’s me he wants.When I am by myself, I think, but when Eric is with me, I don’t. I felt like he took advantage of the fact that I was weak towards him being sweet and my cuddle buddy.” Watch video below: Source Ex-housemate, Gedoni Ekpata has reassured fans that his relationship with his love interest/co-star, Khaffi Kareem is beyond the show BBnaija. Gedoni said that he would be open to date his co-star, Khafi after the ongoing Big Brother Naija season four ends. Gedoni, who was part of the romantic pair, Khadoni,… August 27, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Busayo Onijala   Lagos   -     Anto and Khloe had returned to the BBNaija house to continue their quest for the grand prize after having the highest votes for a comeback from their fans. Busayo Abiri, popularly known as Khloe who was disqualified some weeks back and… March 26, 2018 In "Entertainment" Edward Ojiah   Abuja   -     BBNaija “Double Wahala” housemate Anto has been evicted from the show. Anto became the eleventh housemate to be evicted and the first “individual” housemate to leave the Big Brother Naija themed show. Big Brother (Biggie)had dissolved the pairings therefore requiring the housemates… March 19, 2018 In "Entertainment"