Liverpool (England)  – Liverpool will receive a record 175 million pounds ($228.45 million) payout for winning the Premier League, according to the Times. This was after all 20 clubs in England’s top-flight agreed to postpone reductions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The newspaper reported that teams will receive their entire payout for last season and rebates to broadcasters. This could amount to 330 million pounds ($430.49 million) would be spread out over future campaigns. If the rebate was applied, Liverpool’s prize money would have been reduced by 21 million pounds, the Times said, citing financial expert Swiss Ramble. The 2019-20 season was the first of a three-year cycle in which international broadcast revenue would be allocated to clubs, based on where they finished in the table instead of being split equally between the teams. The newspaper said top flight teams had agreed to make solidarity payments to English Football League clubs in addition to the 125 million pounds in advance payments agreed in April. (Reuters/NAN) BANGKOK  - Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has confirmed the transfer of England international Raheem Sterling to a rival Premier League team, pending a medical test. British media reported on Sunday that Liverpool had reached an agreement with Manchester City to transfer Sterling in a deal worth 49 million pounds ($76.07… July 13, 2015 In "Sports" St. Petersburg (Russia) - Zenit St. Petersburg have signed centre-back Dejan Lovren from Liverpool on a three-year contract, the Russian champions announced on Monday. Lovren, who joined Liverpool from Southampton in 2014, leaves Anfield after making 185 appearances in all competitions, scoring eight goals. No financial details were disclosed but… July 27, 2020 In "Sports" LONDON  - Bournemouth have signed Liverpool England under-21 international Jordon Ibe on a four-year contract with the south-coast club describing the winger as a "huge prospect". The 20-year-old made 58 first-team appearances for Liverpool after joining the club's academy from Wycombe Wanderers in 2011. Neither club disclosed the transfer fee,… July 15, 2016 In "News"