By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti  – Ekiti House of Assembly on Tuesday unanimously passed the bill for the establishment of State Lands, Housing Mortgages Board after it went through the third reading at plenary. The passage followed the adoption of the report of the House Committee on Lands and Housing submitted by its Chairman, Mr Ayodeji Ajayi. The bill tagged: “Ekiti Mortages and Foreclosure Bill, 2020″ was passed at the plenary presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye. According to Ajayi, the bill if, eventually signed would create an enabling environment for the state to provide affordable housing for her citizens by reducing the risk involved and unlocking its potential for economic growth. He said the bill would ensure Ekiti residents have access to mortgages to buy their own houses or even invest in real estate, using available financial product. Also, the House passed the Ekiti Board of Internal Revenue Bill, 2020 to encourage “Centrally Pay-In Taxes” that may accrue to the state and local government areas. Another Bill entitled “Ekiti Waste Management Authority” was also considered and passed following the submission of the report of the House Committee on Environment by its Chairman, Mr Tunde Idowu. The Bill for the establishment of Ekiti Institute of Local Government Studies, 2020, however passed through the first reading. Another activity at plenary was the call on the state government to reinforce security and prevail on the Management of the First Bank PLC to reopen the bank’s branch in Ikole-Ekiti as well as other banks in Ekiti. The motion was moved by Chief Gboyega Aribisogan, the member representing Ikole Constituency I APC and seconded by Mr Steven Aribasoye, Ikole II APC. The lawmakers emphasised the importance of the presence of financial institutions to the economic development of any society. NAN reports that earlier, the speaker read letters emanating from the Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, requesting the approval of eight Commissioner nominees. There was a letter requesting the concurrent consideration of seven Special Advisers and Chairman, State Universal Basic Education Board and a Commissioner in the State Local Government Service Commission. The house later adjourned to Thursday, Aug. 20, 2020. (NAN) By Idowu Gabriel Ado Ekiti - Ekiti House of Assembly has passed the Ekiti Tourism and Hospitality Licensing and Regulation Bill, 2020, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reportsThe unanimous resolution was taken at Wednesday’s plenary presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye in Ado Ekiti. The passage followed… May 27, 2020 In "Politics" By Idowu Gabriel Ado Ekiti - Ekiti House of Assembly has passed the bill for a law to provide for the establishment of the Debt Management Office in the state, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The Executive bill cited as “A bill for a Law to Provide for… July 16, 2020 In "Politics" By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti - The Ekiti House of Assembly on Thursday passed the state Board of Internal Revenue Bill. The passage followed the committal of the bill to the Committee on Ways and Means at Thursday’s plenary in Ado-Ekiti presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye. The News… August 1, 2019 In "News"