Lisbon –  Paris St-Germain (PSG) reached their first ever UEFA Champions League final with a 3-0 win over RB Leipzig on Tuesday, inspired by Argentine Angel Di Maria. Goals from Marquinhos and Di Maria put PSG 2-0 up at the interval. Juan Bernat added the third in the 56th minute for what was a comfortable victory at the Estadio da Luz. The French club, who are celebrating the 50th anniversary of their founding in 1970, will meet winners of Wednesday’s other semi-final between Bayern Munich and Olympique Lyonnais. The big-spending PSG were a step too far for Leipzig, who were playing in the regional leagues just 11 years ago. The German side have outperformed all expectations by reaching the last four, knocking out Tottenham Hotspur and Atletico Madrid en route. “We ate them up from minute one —— it’s going to be tough to sleep between now and the final,” said Di Maria. “We worked hard all game and we showed we deserve to be here. It doesn’t matter who we face: either Bayern Munich or Lyon, we’ll give our all,” he added. French World Cup-winning forward Kylian Mbappe was back in the starting line-up after fully recovering from his ankle injury. PSG’s German coach Thomas Tuchel was then able to field his preferred attacking trident with Brazilian Neymar and Di Maria. Right from the outset, PSG looked a threat to the Leipzig defence with Neymar clipping the post after he was slipped in by Mbappe in the sixth minute. Seven minutes later though, PSG had the lead. Neymar and Di Maria lined up to take a free kick on the left and it was the Argentine who floated in a lovely cross which was nodded home by Marquinhos. Former Real Madrid and Manchester United winger Di Maria was in fine form, constantly probing, while Neymar created from deep and Mbappe pushed on to the last defender looking to use his pace. The Germans were struggling but did threaten in the 25th minute, when Konrad Laimer burst down the right and found forward Yussuf Poulsen whose shot was just off target. Neymar then went close with an audacious free-kick from deep and wide on the right, after the former FC Barcelona man went for Peter Gulacsi’s near post and struck it as the Hungarian goalkeeper scrambled. It was a poor clearance from the goalkeeper which led to PSG’s second. Leandro Paredes collected the ball and then found Neymar who cleverly flicked it with the back of his heel into the path of Di Maria who made no mistake. Leipzig’s 33-year-old coach Julian Nagelsmann needed to find some way to shift the momentum of the game, and he made two changes at the break. But after a bright start, PSG put the outcome beyond doubt. Leipzig defender Nordi Mukiele slipped while attempting to clear, allowing Di Maria to cross the ball back in to the box and Bernat’s glancing header floated into the far corner. Mbappe forced a good save out of Gulacsi as PSG pushed for a fourth while PSG goalkeeper Sergio Rico had his hands warmed by a fierce drive from fellow Spaniard Angelino. The French club have played 110 games in the competition —— the most played by a side before reaching their first final, overtaking Arsenal’s record of 90 between 1971 and 2006. PSG’s only other appearances in the final of a European competition came with their UEFA Cup Winners’ Cup victory in 1996 and their runners-up spot in the following season. Olympique Marseille are the only French team to win the European Cup, triumphing over AC Milan in 1993. (Reuters/NAN) PARIS    -      Paris St Germain revived their Champions League campaign with a 2-1 win over Liverpool in Group C on Wednesday, leaving the English club’s hopes of reaching the last 16 hanging in the balance. PSG set out like a team determined finally to prove their credentials on the big… November 29, 2018 In "Sports" Bruges (Belgium) - Kylian Mbappe came off the bench to grab a second half hat-trick and inspire Paris St Germain to a runaway 5-0 victory at Belgium’s Club Brugge in the Champions League on Tuesday. The win kept up their 100 per cent record in Group A with the French… October 23, 2019 In "Sports" Paris   -     Holders Real Madrid cruised into the UEFA Champions League quarter-finals with Cristiano Ronaldo’s second-half goal helping them to a 2-1 victory at Paris St Germain (PSG) on Tuesday. The 12-time European champions went through 5-2 on aggregate. Ronaldo headed home seven minutes into the second… March 7, 2018 In "Sports"