Housemates Vee and Neo have exchanged letters following their face-off in the Big Brother House. Vee and Neo, who have been talked about as the best couple in the house, are currently having a serious fight. The whole fuss started after Neo was sighted by Vee dancing with Kaisha in a seemingly too close position during the Saturday night party. Kaisha and Neo were also caught together in the bathroom same night Praise disclosed this to Wathoni and asked her to go confirm in the bathroom. Angered by the scenarios playing out in a rather very short period of time, Vee refused to talk to Neo. However, fellow housemate, Ozo, had advised Neo to find a way to speak with his lover and sort out their differences. Following the advice, Neo dropped a letter on Vee’s bed on Sunday afternoon, saying, “I’m sorry, can we have a chat.” Vee responded in the affirmative in a letter that other housemates compelled her to submit to Neo personally. Watch the video below: "I'm sorry," #Neo writes #Vee #BBNajia #BBNaijaLockdown #bbnaija2020 pic.twitter.com/ITrTqf1yyf Source Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates, Kaisha and Neo on Saturday night were caught together in the bathroom. Praise disclosed this to Wathoni and asked her to go and confirm in the bathroom. However, it is not clear what both housemates were caught doing. This seems to have caused tension between… August 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" A total of N3 million has been splashed on the remaining 16 Housemates after they won a Guinness sponsored game. The 16 Housemates won the cash prize after the two groups in the house, Blue Team and Black Team, carried out the task with confidence and guts. The Tuesday night… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija ‘lockdown’ housemate, Neo took a romantic step to settle a quarrel earlier today with Vee. He bent his knee and apologized to her. Earlier in the day while clearing their room, Neo had sent his love interest, Vee away from his corner. Few minutes after Neo had… August 14, 2020 In "Entertainment"