The 43-year-old died after her cosmetic surgery procedure went horribly wrong. The rapper, whose real name was Fernanda Rodrigues underwent a liposculpture procedure allegedly performed by a gynecologist in Rio de Janeiro last month. She had excess fat removed from her back to injected into her bum and was discharged on the same day. It was reported that Rodrigues’ surgery took place at a clandestine aesthetic clinic in the After the operation, Rodrigues reportedly contacted the clinic to complain of extreme pains in her back and painful inflammations throughout her body, On July 26, the rapper was admitted to Evandro Freire Hospital, and was immediately taken into intensive care. She died in the hospital the following day after suffering from sepsis and kidney failure. Doctors claimed Rodrigues’ life could have been saved if she had received medical attention on time. They also said an undisclosed substance had been combined with the fat before it was pumped into her glutes during the operation. Rodrigues’ friend, Janine Vieira, claimed she made several attempts to reach the doctor who performed the cosmetic surgery but the clinic refused to help. Speaking to online site G1, she said: “I practically begged the clinic for the number of the doctor (to help Fernanda) but they didn’t want to give it to me. We believe this lack of support contributed to her death.” The Regional Council of Medicine in the state of Rio de Janeiro has confirmed there is an open investigation into the case. Source Lagos - An American Surgeon based in Lagos Nigeria has taken to her heels after killing a Nigeria Beauty Queen in a failed fat transfer surgery for buttocks and hips enlargement. The Face of Democracy Transformation 2013 Winner Onwuzuligbo Nneka Miriam has died on February 3rd after a 31days coma… March 27, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Eniola Oladele Lagos - American rapper, Cardi B, has cancelled her upcoming concerts for Memorial Day Weekend, as a result of complications from  plastic surgeries she underwent. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the rapper was scheduled to perform in Baltimore, Syracuse and Saratoga Springs over the… May 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" The death of an Abuja based businesswoman, Barr. Enobong Akpabio who died after complications from a body surgery at a private medical facility in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) is now a subject of controversy. According to reports, the medical and laser facility where the lady simply described as Eno… August 19, 2019 In "Metro"