The remains of Malam Wada Maida have been buried at the Muslim section of the Gudu Cemetery in Abuja. He was buried around 2:10pm after a funeral prayer led by Chief Imam of Sheu Shegari Mosque, Area one, Abuja, Imam Rabiu Sheu Suleiman. Maida, until his death, was chairman, Board of Directors of the News Agency of Nigeria, a member of the Executive Board of the International Press Institute and also a Shareholder of Media Trust Limited. He also served as the Chief Press Secretary to Muhammadu Buhari when he became military Head of State in December 1983. His funeral prayer and burial was attended by Katsina Governor Aminu Masari; Aviation Minister Hadi Sirika; Education Minister, Malam Adamu Adamu; Senator Kabir Barkiya (Katsina Central) and former EFCC chairman, Nuhu Ribadu. Others were a former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Yayale Ahmed; presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu; a former Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Dr. Aliyu Modibbo and Chairman, Board of Directors of Media Trust Limited, Malam Kabiru Yusuf. Masari described the death of Maida as a personal loss to him and the great people of Katsina state. The Acting Managing Director (NAN) Mr Dele Ojo said the demise of Maida was a great loss to NAN, saying” Wada Maida lived and died for NAN. The Chairman, Editorial Board, Thisday Newspapers, Mr Olusegun Adeniyi, said the deceased was not only an elder in the media profession but also a fantastic gentleman. President Muhammadu Buhari's former Chief Press Secretary, Wada Maida is dead. He was Buhari's Press Secretary when he ruled Nigeria as military Head of State in 1984. Until his death, Maida was a member of the Executive Board of International Press Institute (IPI) and the Chairman of Board of Directors… August 18, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja- The Chief Imam of Abuja National Mosque, late Sheikh Musa Muhammad, was on Sunday buried at the Gudu Cemetery in FCT amid tears and prayers from families and well wishers. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the burial, which was conducted under tight security, was attended by… May 3, 2015 In "News" By Kevin Okunzuwa Benin - Former President, Nigerian Union of Journalists(NUJ), Chief George Izobo, has commiserated with the family of late Malam Wada Maida, ex-Managing Director of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). Izobo, who also retired from NAN as an Editor, described Maida’s death as shocking, in a telephone… August 18, 2020 In "News"