Barcelona (Spain)  –  FC Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen is set to undergo knee surgery having had trouble with his patellar tendon this season, the Spanish La Liga club said on Monday. The Germany international played 46 times for FC Barcelona in the outgoing season. It was a season which culminated with Friday’s humiliating 8-2 defeat by Bayern Munich as the Spanish side were knocked out in the 2019/2020 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals in Lisbon. However, the goalkeeper was still one of the brighter sparks in a season where FC Barcelona failed to win a trophy for the first time in 12 years. Already, the club has sacked coach Quique Setien and brought presidential elections forward to March 2021. “Based upon the exchange with the medical team the first team player Marc ter Stegen will do a voluntary medical intervention tomorrow (Tuesday) on his right patellar tendon,” the club said in a statement. “It is a proactive measure which is now done in order to prevent and prepare for the future, since the player had some irritations on the tendon earlier in the season.” The club did not say how long the 28-year-old would be sidelined for, with the new La Liga season starting in less than four weeks on Sept. 12. Ter Stegen kept 14 clean sheets in the league as FC Barcelona finished second, conceding the lead and then the title to rivals Real Madrid after the restart. FC Barcelona’s backup goalkeeper is 31-year-old Neto, who played four times this season and kept one clean sheet. (Reuters;NAN) Barcelona (Spain) - Spanish La Liga leaders FC Barcelona will be looking to preserve their two-point lead over fellow giants Real Madrid when they visit local rivals Espanyol on Saturday. But their preparations have been hit by a legal battle with their own midfielder Arturo Vidal. The Chilean’s lawyers filed… January 2, 2020 In "Sports" Barcelona - Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen took on Bayern Munich’s ManuelNeuer in a public row last year over the Germany goalkeeper’s jersey, the confrontation will be played out in Friday’sChampions League quarter-final. Only Lionel Messi can rival Ter Stegen, 28, for the title of Barca’s most decisive player in… August 13, 2020 In "Sports" TANGIER, Morroco    -     Barcelona lifted the Spanish Super Cup for a record extending 13th time by coming from behind to beat Sevilla 2-1 on Sunday thanks to a stunning strike from France winger Ousmane Dembele and a penalty save in stoppage time from Marc-Andre ter Stegen. King’s Cup runners-up Sevilla… August 13, 2018 In "Sports"