By David Adeoye Ibadan –   Oyo State Government has rolled out some precautionary tips to guide against flooding in view of impending downpour. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency (NIHSA) and the Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) had predicted that some local government areas in Oyo State would experience flooding this year. The Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mrs Olubanwo Adeosun, while briefing newsmen in Ibadan on Wednesday, urged residents of the state to take the precautionary tips and measures seriously. Adeosun said, “We are required now, more than before, to clear our surroundings and streets of dirt. “Avoid dumping wastes improperly; ensure that each household keeps a dust bin and patronises government-approved waste disposal contractors as well as avoid building on floodplains.” She further advised the general public to take necessary precautions during heavy rainfall or in the event of flooding while people living in houses built along floodplains should relocate to safer places. Adeosun also advised people to avoid the use of low bridges and coverts when the rain is persistent and avoid staying under high tension electricity installations whenever there is rainfall. She said the Makinde-led administration cared about the safety of lives and property of citizens and residents of the state and would not want them to suffer avoidable losses. She said that high capacity ultra-modern hydraulic structures had been constructed at 17 different locations in Ibadan metropolis. According to her, the recent rehabilitation of the 78-year-old Eleyele Dam, was aimed at averting failure of the dam, which contributed to a devastating flooding on Aug. 26, 2011. Adeosun explained that processing of the proposed channelisation of major rivers and water channels in Ibadan under the Ibadan Urban Flood Management Project (IUFMP) scheme was at an advanced stage. She also said that sensitisation and awareness campaign was ongoing across the state, especially in flood-prone local government areas, to intimate the residents on the danger of flooding and the need to take precautions. (NAN) Oyo Govt Warns Residents As Downpour Causes Havoc In Ibadan June 21, 2017 In "News" The World Bank is supporting the Government of Nigeria and the Oyo State Government to prepare the Ibadan Urban Flood Management Project (IUFMP) that aims at developing a long term flood risk management frame work by initiating risk assessment, community awareness and providing enough flexibility in the project design to… August 18, 2017 In "Education" By Akeem Abas Ibadan -  The Oyo State Government has approved the constitution of 10 mobile courts to prosecute environmental degradation offenders as part of efforts at ensuring clean environment and flood control. Chief Isaac Ishola, the State Commissioner for Environment and Water Resources, told newsmen in Ibadan on Thursday… October 13, 2016 In "Metro"