Thiago Silva has completed a move to Chelsea on a one-year deal after passing a medical on Thursday. The Brazilian centre-back, 35, became a free agent following PSG’s Champions League final defeat to Bayern Munich. The Ligue 1 club confirmed the 35-year-old’s exit on Thursday – despite last-ditch efforts by the Champions League runners-up to offer him a new deal, Sky reports. Silva, who spent eight years with PSG after joining from AC Milan in 2012, is Frank Lampard’s sixth signing of the summer following the arrivals of Hakim Ziyech, Timo Werner, Ben Chilwell, Malang Sarr and Xavier Mbuyamba. With Chelsea keen to strengthen having been banned from signing players last summer, the London club could also complete a deal for Bayer Leverkusen forward Kai Havertz before the start of the new season. Silva won seven Ligue 1 titles during his time in France, but leaves the club having failed to achieve the European success desired most in Paris. Despite sealing a fourth-placed finish and qualification for next season’s Champions League, Chelsea struggled defensively throughout Lampard’s debut campaign in charge at Stamford Bridge. (Punch) Zlatan Ibrahimovic could miss the second leg of Paris Saint-Germain's Champions League quarterfinal against Chelsea after limping off in the French side's first-leg win on Wednesday. Ibrahimovic, 32, will undergo tests on Thursday to determine the extent of the thigh injury that forced him off 68 minutes into his… April 3, 2014 In "Sports" Vincent Enyeama lost out to PSG's Salvatore Sirigu for Goalkeeper of the Year award voted by players in the French League. Both men were running neck and neck all season but Sirigu notched up 35 saves to Enyeama's 28, and conceded 23 goals, two less than Enyeama. PSG striker Zlatan… May 12, 2014 In "Sports" By Mike Collett LONDON - Thiago Silva's extra-time header sent Paris St Germain into the Champions League quarter-finals on away goals after they overcame the sending-off of talisman Zlatan Ibrahimovic to secure a brave 2-2 draw with Chelsea on Wednesday. PSG, who had striker Ibrahimovic dismissed after 31 minutes, went… March 12, 2015 In "Sports"