….As Governors Meet Today Over Insecurity By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President Muhammadu Buhari has again ordered the service chiefs and heads of security agencies to overhaul their security strategies, bearing in mind that the federal government owes the citizenry a duty to guarantee lives and property. The top security apparatchiks, including the service chiefs, got the order yesterday  to re-engineer the nation’s security architecture and evolve new strategies of arresting the deteriorating insecurity in the country. President Muhammadu Buhari, at a meeting with the security chiefs in Abuja, restated his displeasure with their inability to safeguard lives and property. He, however, implored Nigerians to be patient and await the fruits of the re-engineering process, assuring them that the situation is redeemable. The nation’s worsening insecurity will also engage the attention of the 36 states’ governors today as they meet to discuss the matter as it affects the states. It was however, gathered that contrary to expectations that the president might bow to the growing clamour to remove the service chiefs, the remit of the impending overhauling of the security system does not involve replacing them, despite the widespread disenchantment with their perceived inability to tame the escalating security crisis rocking the country. Briefing journalists yesterday after a National Security Council meeting presided over by the president and attended by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, the National Security Adviser (NSA), Maj. Gen. Babagana Monguno (rtd.), said the president reaffirmed his position at the last June 18 meeting that the security chiefs were not doing enough and hence should do more. “What he said today was virtually a reaffirmation of what he said the first time. Yes, Mr. President said you are doing your best, as far as I’m concerned, but there’s still a lot more to be done. I’m more concerned about the promise we made to the larger Nigerian society and I am ordering an immediate re-engineering of the entire security apparatus. This is something that I believe will be done in a very short time, but I just want us to keep hope alive,” he stated. According to him, the president ordered the service chiefs and heads of security agencies to overhaul their security strategies, bearing in mind that the federal government owes the citizenry a duty to guarantee lives and property. Governors of the 19 northern states have met with security heads, led by the National Security Adviser (NSA), Maj. Gen. Babagana Monguno (Rtd), to deliberate on the escalation of security security failure in the region. It would be recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari had last week ordered the security heads,… June 23, 2020 In "News" •President Muhammadu Buhari and with service chiefs on Thursday ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari is unhappy with the current state of the security situation in the country. Disclosing this to State House Correspondents on Thursday, after a security briefing, the National Security Adviser (NSA), Maj. Gen. Babagana Monguno (Rtd.), said… June 18, 2020 In "News" By Dr  Abubakar Bukola  Saraki PROTOCOLS. You are welcome to the Summit on National Security, a 2-Day dialogue convened as a matter of national urgency. We are here because, in the face of escalating threats to the peace and security of our dear country, it becomes necessary to put heads… February 8, 2018 In "News"