Lucy, a Big Brother Naija housemate, has begged viewers and Biggie to allow her stay longer in the house. Lucy, speaking to Prince on Thursday said she is homeless presently as her landlord asked her to move out at the end of August. She, therefore, appealed to viewers to help her stay longer in the show to at least be rewarded with money for house rent. “Currently, I’m homeless because my landlord asked me to move out at the end of August “So Big brother house is my house but when I leave this house, I will start looking for another one hopefully but my things are presently with my friend. “So Biggie please I cannot be kicked out so soon. Let me make at least N1m to for house rent in a nice area in Lagos. “Island is not for me, just the mainland,” Lucy told Prince. Recall Lucy had told housemates that she sold ‘Boli‘ roasted plantain in Abuja during her NYSC. She is an orphan who was raised by her uncle after she lost her mum at 13 and her dad at 4years old. Meanwhile, all housemates are up for possible eviction this week except Ozo and Dorathy. Source Big Brother Naija 2018 housemate, Tobi has asked Biggie to give him a box of chocolate so that he could apologies to Cee-C, after putting the 25-year-old lawyer and her pair, Lolu up for eviction. Recall that on Monday night, Tobi put Cee-C and Lolu up for eviction, but saved… March 1, 2018 In "Entertainment" Some viewers of the ongoing reality show, BBNaija, `Double Wahala” edition have called on Biggie to disqualify or give Cee-C a strike for inflicting injury on fellow housemate, Lolu. Cee-c while paired with Lolu and instructed not to interact with other housemates except him unhooked her “bond” from Lolu, after… February 15, 2018 In "Entertainment" Seyi has in a deep discussion with Tacha whom he's growing closer to everyday revealed why he chose Esther over her.  Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Seyi has explained to Tacha why he decided to choose Esther to stay as his companion in the Head of House room. Recall that Seyi… August 9, 2019 In "Entertainment"