Zinaida Kononova was pronounced clinically dead after undergoing surgery (Image: MK) A pensioner came back from the dead after a night in a hospital morgue. Zinaida Kononova, 81, was pronounced dead after surgery in Russia to remove an intestinal obstruction. Her family was informed and began planning her funeral. She was taken to the morgue in Gorshechensky central district hospital at 1:10am on 14 August. Almost seven hours later at 8am a female morgue worker “got the shock of her life” when she found the grandmother sprawled on the floor. The woman had fallen as she attempted to climb off the morgue table and escape. An ambulance driver overheard the commotion as he entered the building, and says the “frightened” morgue worker was saying “Grandma, lie down, granny, be quiet.” The paramedic thought the morgue employee had gone “crazy” and was talking to the dead. But then he saw how the pensioner grabbed the woman’s hand pleading for help. Zinaida was covered in blankets and rushed to intensive care. The hospital called her niece Tatiana and a senior doctor told her: “We have an unusual situation. She is alive!” The 81-year-old was transported to a morgue in Gorshechensky central district (Image: 360TV) She rushed to the hospital as a team of medics from regional capital Kursk were sent to treat Zinaida. Tatiana was delighted her aunt was alive, but asked the doctors: “How could this happen?” She was told Zinaida had been registered as clinically dead for 15 minutes — and was “literally pulled back from the other world”. “She initially did not recognise me or recall that she had a surgery,” Tatiana said. “But she talked about her old knee problem.” Later she came to her senses. A doctor and anaesthetist later confessed to the family that they had sent Zinaida to the morgue one hour and 20 minutes after she died, instead of two hours as rules dictate. The back-to-life pensioner has been transferred to Kursk for further treatment. Roman Kondratenko, chief doctor of Gorshechensky central district hospital, has been suspended pending an investigation. Relatives are planning to sue the hospital, according to reports. Acting hospital head Alexander Vlasov said: “For 30 minutes the patient underwent resuscitation measures” but didn’t respond. “As a result, the resuscitation doctor established biological death, ascertained it. “The anaesthetist is very worried. She feels very bad and we are afraid for her. Every person makes mistakes. “What will happen next with the career of this anaesthetist is still a question.” Daily Star UK By Ben Agande Good spirited members of the public have begun the donation of blood in order to save the lives of those injured in the Nyanya blast. Medical personnel at the Emergency Unit of the hospital were busy trying to treat the injured who were brought into the hospital… May 1, 2014 In "News" Islamabad  -    Heatwave has killed 65 people in Pakistan’s southern city of Karachi over the past three days, a social welfare organisation said on Tuesday, amid fears the death toll could climb as the high temperatures persist. The heatwave has coincided with power outages and the holy month of Ramadan,… May 22, 2018 In "Foreign" A promising Nigerian woman has had her life cut short after she slumped and died at a party.  Osarugue Eunice There was serious panic at the St Maria Goretti Reunion Party in Edo State last Friday July 12th when journalist, Osarugue Eunice, who was at the school’s 60th anniversary party, slumped… July 15, 2019 In "Entertainment"