Stockholm  -Children in Europe and around the world must return to school under safe conditions during the pandemic, the World Health Organisation (WHO) and European officials said on Monday. The agency’s European regional office and representatives of its 53 member states held an online conference to discuss how to safeguard children as schools across the continent reopen after lock downs. “The right to health and the right to education must go hand in hand,” said Italian Health Minister Roberto Speranza, Co-host of the conference. “The safe reopening of schools is the real priority for the coming weeks,” he added. Speranza said in a joint statement with Hans Kluge, head of the WHO’s Copenhagen-based agency, that the pandemic had “created the largest disruption of education systems in history, affecting nearly 1.6 billion learners in more than 190 countries.” Though children had “largely been spared from the direct health effects of the virus,” school closures had affected their “mental health and social development” and carried “the risk and impact of being in an abusive home environment.” Children living in poor conditions and those with disabilities were especially hard-hit when schools were closed, the statement said. Ensuring proper hand hygiene, physical distancing, using masks where appropriate and staying home if sick are among measures that could help reduce the risk of infection. Online learning would also likely be necessary in future due to temporary school closures or to ensure physical distancing. (dpa/NAN) The Federal Government has disclosed that it is thinking of sectionalising classes for primary, secondary, and tertiary institutions in the country ahead of school reopening amid the pandemic, The Nation has reported. This disclosure was made by the Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba on Wednesday during a briefing… May 28, 2020 In "News" There is little doubt that unlike in some other states, education policy makers, executors and managers in Oyo State worked very hard to be in a state of preparedness for the anticipated reopening of schools closed in March 2020 across the nation due to the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic. It is,… July 14, 2020 In "Opinion" The Lagos State government has said the power to reopen schools in the state is not in its hands. Speaking on plans to reopen schools, the state Commissioner for Education, Folashade Adefisayo during an online programme, ‘Covinspiration show,’ moderated by a United Nations (UN) Youth Ambassador, Dayo Israel in Lagos,… May 26, 2020 In "Politics"