By Idowu Gabriel  Ado-Ekiti  – The Ekiti House of Assembly has expressed its readiness to partner with the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking In Persons (NAPTIP) in the war against human trafficking and child labour. Its Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye, stated this on Monday in Ado-Ekiti during the courtesy visit of NAPTIP officials led by its Zonal Commander in Oshogbo, Mr Saad Mustapha, to the Assembly. Afuye, who was represented by Chief Gboyega Aribisogan, the Majority Leader, condemned the heinous acts of child labour and human trafficking, saying that they must be stemmed in the country. He, therefore, urged the agency to collaborate with other relevant agencies in the state to achieve its mission, including making available to the lawmakers all necessary documents for proper propagation to their various constituencies. Other lawmakers who also made remarks at the occasion, including Mr Tajudeen Akingbolu, Ekiti West Constiruency 1, APC; Ayodeji Ajayi, Ise/Orun constituency, APC, and Tunde Idowu, Ikere Constituency 2, APC, called on the leadership of the agency to step up action in prosecuting perpetrators. Earlier, the Osogbo Zonal Commander of the Agency, Mr Saad Mustapha, solicited the support of the House in carrying out its mandate, by facilitating the establishment a state command of NAPTIP in Ekiti. Mustapha said creating an Ekiti command for NAPTIP would allow for its prompt intervention in cases relating to prohibited activities in the state. (NAN) By Idowu Gabriel Ado Ekiti - Ekiti House of Assembly has passed the bill for a law to provide for the establishment of the Debt Management Office in the state, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The Executive bill cited as “A bill for a Law to Provide for… July 16, 2020 In "Politics" By Bolanle Lawal Ado-Ekiti - The Wife of the Ekiti State Governor, Mrs Bisi Fayemi, has urged the 26 lawmakers-elect to remain united and support the present administration’s commitment to developing the state. The governor’s wife made the appeal on Friday when the elected lawmakers under the All Progressives Congress,… March 29, 2019 In "News" By Oluwakemi Oladipo To be a slave is to be controlled by another person or persons, so that your will does not determine your life's course, and rewards for your work and sacrifices are not yours to claim. Kevin Bales, one of the world's leading experts on contemporary slavery, says… December 23, 2014 In "News"