ShopRite Nigeria has debunked the story making the rounds that it intends to close shop in Nigeria. The Country Director for Chastex Consult, Ini Archibong, in a telephone conversation with Vanguard, said: “Shoprite is not leaving Nigeria. “We have only just opened to Nigerian investors which we have also been talking to just before now. We are not leaving, who leaves over a $30billion investment and close shop? It doesn’t sound right. “We only just given this opportunity to Nigeria investors to come in and also help drive our expansion plan in Nigeria. So we are not leaving. “I have tried to say this as too many people as I can. There should be no panic at all and all of that. There is no truth in that report.” Recall that reports have been circulating that the retail outlet has started a formal process to consider the potential sale of all or a majority of stake in its supermarkets in Nigeria. The report said the retailer had struggled in the Nigeria market after some South African owned retailer shops exited the Nigeria market. The report further stated that Shoprite results for the year do not reflect any of their operations in Nigeria as it will be classified as a discontinued operation. The report also said international markets excluding Nigeria contributed 11.6 per cent to the group sales and reported 1.4 per cent decline in sales from 2018. South African operations contributed 78 per cent of the overall sales and saw a 8.7 per cent rise for the years. The report went further to say that as a result of the lockdown, customers’ visits declined 7.4 per cent but the average basket spends increased by 18.4 per cent. The Nation By Olaitan Idris Lagos -  Revellers around Surulere in Lagos State trooped out on Saturday to celebrate Eid el-Fitri , which marks the end of the Ramadan having joined other Muslim faithful for the prayer marking the end of Ramadan on Friday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that… June 17, 2018 In "Entertainment" When Shoprite leaves Nigeria, its assets will most likely be handed over to a Nigerian. According to The Nation “discussion is ongoing and at advanced level to dispose their (Shoprite) assets in Nigeria to a local.” Nze Chidi Duru, who confirmed this to The Nation, has Shoprite as one of… August 3, 2020 In "News" •Policemen with one of the suspects at Novare in Sangotedo, Lekki, Lagos ...on Wednesday. Photo: Olukayode Jaiyeola • Nigeria, Malawi issue travel alerts• My sister-in-law was burnt alive during attacks, says Nigerian• Buhari warns against reprisals Protests against xenophobic attacks on Nigerians in South Africa continued on Wednesday with the… September 5, 2019 In "Top Stories"