By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The leadership of the Indigenous People of Biafra, (IPOB) yesterday visited  Ohanaeze Ndigbo National Executive Committee, NEC, at their monthly meeting, seeking the assistance of the apex Igbo socio-cultural group in working towards the de-proscription of the group. This was contained in a statement signed by the Special Adviser on Media & Publicity to President General, Chief Emeka Attamah made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement, Mazi Benjamin Madubugwu, who led that IPOB group, said that they came in continuation of the rapport reached with Ohanaeze at the Anambra State reconciliation meeting. Mazi Madubugwu said that there is an Igbo proverb which says that no matter how much a warrior is derided, he is always sought after when there is an outbreak of war. The IPOB leader said that Chief Nwodo remains the undisputed leader of Ndigbo and expressed happiness with his fatherly disposition and fight for the Igbo in a country, he said Ndigbo were highly marginalised notwithstanding their contribution to the building of the Nigerian nation. Mazi Madubugwu said that IPOB was not a terrorist organization, adding that it was just being given a bad name to hang it. The IPOB leader said that most of the actions of their master, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, had been coloured by the information given to him which he said, were sometimes distorted. He assured that Mazi Nnamdi Kanu was always available for discussions with Chief Nwodo on matters concerning the Igbo. Also speaking, another leader of IPOB, Barrister Ejimakor, said that Chief Nwodo has the clout and charisma to help IPOB out of its present predicament, adding that he was happy that the gap hitherto existing between IPOB and Ohanaeze Ndigbo had been bridged for a united voice for Ndigbo in Nigeria. Responding, the President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, welcomed the IPOB leaders, reassuring them that he was always ready to accept his children back into the fold no matter their earlier recalcitrance. Chief Nwodo recalled all efforts he had made to establish an amicable and complimentary relationship with IPOB since assuming office but were frustrated by the IPOB leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. The President General stated that Ohanaeze Ndigbo had no quarrel with Mazi Nnamdi Kanu and that he believed that whatever evil machinations of detractors has come to nought with the recent reapproachment between the two groups. Chief Nwodo prayed that this latest development should be the opening of the door for mutual cooperation between IPOB and Ohanaeze Ndigbo, and urged IPOB to also share views with Mr Tony Nnadi whom he said was working towards the same objective as IPOB. The President General called on Mazi Kanu to change his tactics of abuse and belligerence as a step towards building bridges for Ndigbo in the country. Chief Nwodo reiterated that both IPOB and Ohanaeze Ndigbo share in the same cause of fighting to emancipate Ndigbo and give them a lease of life and sense of fairness in the country but differ in the methodology or approach towards the realization of the objective. He stated that Ohanaeze Ndigbo still believes in dialogue and the restructuring of the country for an inclusive participation in the Nigeria project. Sundiata Post recalls that the Federal Government has labeled IPOB a terrorist group and a Federal High Court on 18th September 2017  proscribed it. The IPOB have fought against the proscription and sought to reverse the court’s decision in 2018. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Nnia Nwodo, denied allegations raised against him by the leader of Indigenous people of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Nwodo in an open letter released on Thursday in Enugu, dismissed claims that he is a Fulani stooge; quashing IPOB suggestions… August 23, 2019 In "Top Stories" •IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu By Pamela Eboh, Awka  The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has insisted that former Deputy Senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, was among some Igbo elites that played active role in the plot to assassinate him and kill the dream of an… August 21, 2019 In "Top Stories" •Ike Ekweremadu ABUJA - The immediate past Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu has confirmed a physical assault on him by some members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra, IPOB, in Nuremberg, Germany, on Saturday.Enweremadu confirmed the attack in a statement released by his Media Assistant, Uche Anichukwu… August 17, 2019 In "Top Stories"