By Awayi Kuje  Nasarawa (Nasarawa State)  -All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Ismail Danbaba, has won the bye-election for the Nasarawa Central State Constituency in the state House of Assembly. Mr Iiyasu Umar, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Returning Officer, announced the result of the bye-election conducted on Saturday in Nasarawa. Announcing the result, Umar said the APC candidate scored 7,475 to defeat Mr Bage Nuhu of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) who got 4,608 votes. He said that during the bye-election, 12,217 votes were cast, while 12,083 valid votes were recorded with 134 rejected votes. “By the power conferred on me as the Returning Officer of this election, I hereby declared the APC candidate the winner, having scored the highest number of votes cast,’’ he declared. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that INEC scheduled the Nasarawa Central bye-election following the death of the member representing Nasarawa Central constituency at the state House of Assembly, Alhaji Suleiman Adamu (APC), on April 30. (NAN) Nasarawa (Nasarawa State)  -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Sunday declared the just concluded Nasarawa/Toto Federal Constituency bye-election inconclusive due to cancellation of votes as a result of over voting. The Constituency Returning Officer of the election, Dr Wilfred Uji of Federal University, Lafia, Nasarawa State, made this… May 31, 2016 In "Politics" Katsina -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has declared Sani Danlami of the All Progressives Congress (APC), winner of the bye-election into Katsina Central Federal Constituency. The election was conducted on Saturday INEC Returning Officer, Prof. Shehu Muhammad, said Danlami won the election by scoring 21,480 votes to defeat… August 9, 2015 In "News" By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has declared President Muhammadu Buhari as winner of Saturday’s presidential election in Nasarawa State. Prof. Azubuike Nwankwo, the Presidential Election Returning Officer for the state read out the results polled by various political parties at the end of collation… February 25, 2019 In "Politics"