By Muhammad Adam  Yola  – Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa, has promised to promote development, liberty and genuine reconciliation for all citizens of the state. Fintiri made the promise during the state Executive Council Meeting of Adamawa State Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), held on Wednesday in Yola. According to the governor, peace and stability can only be achieved under a regime that ensures good governance, harmonious coexistence and transparency in leadership. He however, expressed regrets that that people now tended to act differently on issues of common interest, to the detriment of growth and development of the society because lack of tolerance for each others differences in beliefs and lifestyle. “I am happy that Adamawa has maintained its posture as a peaceful state, despite conflicts and crisis that had threatened its peace in the past. “The peace we enjoy today, is as a result of our government’s good thinking and mediation efforts, in collaboration with groups and stakeholders like you, who are working assiduously to unite our citizens. “We will not leave any stone unturned, until lasting peace is achieved in our dear state, Adamawa,” Fintiri said. The governor said that the meeting of the top Church echelon from across the state was commendable, and expressed appreciation to the Church leaders for their prayers and support for his administration. Speaking earlier, Bishop Stephen Mamza, CAN Chairman in the state, commended Fintiri for giving equal appointment opportunities to all citizens of the state in government’s ministries, agencies and parastatals. Mamza said that the leadership of CAN in the state was happy to partner with the current administration in promoting peace, interfaith and inter-communal dialogue to move the state forward. “In as much as CAN is an autonomous organisation independent of government, CAN will definitely collaborate with your government to promote peace, justice and development of the state. “Christians in Adamawa never had a sense of belonging as we are enjoying under your administration and we say thank you; for the hundreds of appointments you have given to Christians to serve under your administration,” Mamza said. He said that Christians in the state were happy to identify with Fintiri’s administration for its developmental strides, in championing peace and social justice in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that more than 80 high Church dignitaries of the five blocks of CAN in Adamawa attended the meeting. (NAN) By Muhammad Adam Yola - Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa says his administration has reduced and managed farmers and herders conflicts in the state within his one year in office. Fintiri made this known to newsmen on Monday in Yola. He said one of his administration’s agenda was to ensure… May 11, 2020 In "Politics" By Sumaila Ogbaje Yola - Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State has commended the Nigerian Army in tackling the activities of Boko Haram terrorists in the north east and restoration of peace in Adamawa state. The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, Deputy Governor, Adamawa state, Chief Seth Crowther,… December 28, 2019 In "News" YOLA - The decision of the Acting governor of Adamawa State, Alhaji Ahmadu Fintiri, to seek for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ticket for the Oct. 11 governorship by-election has attracted  mixed reactions around the state. Fintiri had on Friday told newsmen in Yola that he had picked PDP’s “Ëxpression… August 16, 2014 In "Politics"