By Lydia Ngwakwe Lagos –   The Association of Bereau De Change Operators of Nigeria (ABCON) said on Saturday in Lagos that the resumption of foreign exchange to BDCs would usher in stability in the market. Alhaji Aminu Gwadabe, ABCON President, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the BDCs was and would remain the potent monetary tool of the CBN exchange rate stability instrument. The Central Bank has said it will resume the sale of foreign exchange to the Bureau De Change on Sept. 7. The announcement was made through a circular entitled ‘Resumption of sales to Bureau De Change operators’, and signed by the CBN Director, Trade and Exchange Department on Thursday. “The BDCs have always remained the potent monetary tool of the CBN exchange rate stability instrument. “The resumption of sales to BDCs will in no doubt inject a robust liquidity to the critical retail end sector of the market and usher in stability, discourage, hoarding and speculation,” he said. He also said that the association had embraced innovation, awareness and capacity building measures to guide members and ensure their total compliance to extant foreign exchange regulations He said that the announcement on resumption of dollar sales to the association had caused the naira to gain over N5 to a dollar at the close of today’s buisiness as it closes to N470 to a dollar from all high off M476 to a dollar in the morning. Gwadabe added that the association expected a strong positivity in the market wth the take off of the policy. (NAN) Lagos  -   The Association of Bureaux De Change (ABCON) on Tuesday said it was in support of the Federal Government position not to devalue the Naira. Its Acting President, Alhaji Aminu Gwadabe, made the remark at a news conference in Lagos on the association’s position and recommendations on the… February 24, 2016 In "Business" Lagos -  The Association of Bureau De Change Operators of Nigeria (ABCON) on Friday urged its members to embrace full automation of their operations in the spirit of CBN’s rebranding of the financial market. The President of the association Alhaji Aminu Gwadabe, gave the advice in an interview with the… July 16, 2016 In "Business" LAGOS - The Association of Bureau De Change of Nigeria (ABCON)  has appealed to the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for an increase in weekly sale of foreign exchange from $15,000 to $50,000. This is contained in statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on… October 20, 2014 In "Business"