Former adult film star Caroline Sam, better known as Maheeda, has revealed that she’s not ready to take down her adult videos on pornographic sites. The 37-year-old whose real name is Caroline Samuel made this known to a fan when asked why her videos were still on pornographic sites after her change of lifestyle. “Maheeda, you still have naked twerk videos on porn sites, why not pull it down?” the fan asked. Maheeda who also sings replied that she wanted the videos there so people can accept her message. She explained that for her message to really get to people and change lives, her past is necessary. “I don’t have the power to put it down, because it is beautiful to have your mess around while your message is still going around so I might not delete them. I was kind of forced into deleting the one on my page; I would have also left it because you’re both. “People have to accept their past and present that it will work for them for good and you trying to cover your past, delete your past, it doesn’t make sense, people will not get your story well enough if you delete all your past. “A lot of these top rich people, we have the Dangote, we have the Buhari, if they can tell you their past, you will be able to learn how they succeeded to that level. So I believe that people seeing my past and now my present will enable them to know where I come from so I wouldn’t want to delete it,” said Maheeda. In an Instagram post in June, the mother-of-one announced to the world that she had turned to Christ after God delivered her from ritualists. The Edo native had in 2012 and 2014 also claimed to have found Christ. The Nation Caroline Sam, the controversial Nigerian singer known as Maheeda, is not ready to delete her naked videos on pornographic sites even after turning a new leaf. Maheeda made this remark while responding to questions from fans after she announced that she has embraced Christianity and shun her controversial and raunchy… August 5, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" Controversial singer, Maheeda, is known mostly for posting raunchy pictures of herself and erotic messages on her social media pages. Few days ago, a picture of famous rapper, Ruggedman, and Maheeda surfaced online and it sparked comments from fans. Some of the fans described the rapper as the singer’s new… August 30, 2014 In "Style" Behind the hard surface and devil-may-care-attitude, Nigeria's own Queen of Nudity, Caroline Sam, better known as Maheeda, sure has a heart and can be heart-broken as well. This soft side of Naija Bad Girl was what she displayed when she broke down in tears as Nigerians and the world continue… May 14, 2014 In "Style"