Damascus-   Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, on Tuesday, ordered the formation of a new government, the state news agency, SANA reported. According to a presidential decree, Assad ordered Hussein Arnous, Prime Minister of the previous government, to form a new government. On June 11, Assad sacked former Prime Minister Emad Khamis and named Arnous, also minister of water resources, as the acting prime minister. Tuesday’s decree kept Arnous as the prime minister and tasked him with forming a new government. According to the Syrian law, the formation of a new government follows the parliamentary elections, which took place in July. The decision to form a body of 150 Syrians with equal representation for government, opposition and civil society and tasked with amending and rewriting the nation’s constitution was made back in January 2018, during the Syrian National Dialogue Congress organised by Russia in Sochi. However, it was not until Oct. 30, 2019, that the committee could hold its first session. The committee managed to have two sessions before the end of 2019. While first was deemed successful, as participants managed to agree on the rules of conduct and hear each other’s views during initial statements. The second one, held in late November in a narrower format of 45 members, exposed long-standing differences between the sides. The government delegation insisted on discussing terrorism issues, as it did during the Geneva talks in previous years. Meanwhile, the opposition asserted the committee was created, specifically for constitutional matters and proposed to discuss terrorism outside of the body. As a result, no meaningful sessions took place. (Xinhua/NAN) AMMAN  - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, fighting a civil war that has ruined the country economically and fragmented it regions, issued a decree to form a new cabinet on Sunday that kept key ministers in place. The cabinet comes after he appointed on June 22 a new government led by… July 4, 2016 In "Foreign" Istanbul - Turkish Prime Minister, Ahmet Davutoglu, on Tuesday in Istanbul suggested that the international coalition should deploy ground troops to fight against the Islamic State group in Syria. He also insisted that President Bashar al-Assad must be removed from power. Davutolgu said the international coalition and all others that… November 10, 2015 In "Foreign" BEIRUT - Human Rights Watch (HRW) said the abusive policies by the Syrian and Iraq governments have fueled the rise of militant Islamic State group that controls considerable swathes of the two [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]countries. This is contained in its 656-page World Report 2015 annual report, launched on Thursday in Beirut,… January 29, 2015 In "Foreign"