Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has rejected the timetable of the 2020 West African Secondary School Certificate Examinations (WASSCE), a report by DailyPost has revealed. Revealing the reason for the rejection, the body said the dates clashed with Muslims’ Friday prayers. The examination will commence on the 17th August, 2020. MURIC Director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, in a statement on Monday accused WAEC of creating a wedge between young Muslims and the mosque. “There are at least three clashes between examination periods and Muslim prayers on Fridays: Management-in-Living (2 pm, Friday 14th August, 2020); Literature-in-English (2 pm, Friday 21st August); Health Science (1.30 pm, Friday, 4th September),” he said. MURCI said the timetable is exclusive, sectional, parochial, insensitive and provocative. It called the schedule an invitation to anarchy, designed to cause pain to Muslim candidates. “It is the handiwork of sadists and anarchists. It smirks of an anti-Muslim machinery oiled by the passion for hate and injustice. This is in spite of efforts made by us to guard against this kind of clash,” he added. MURIC insisted that Muslim candidates must be given three hours every Friday. Akintola added that Nigerian Muslims will liberate themselves from slavery, serfdom and religious apartheid if government is lackadaisical. “Our message to WAEC is very clear and simple: Adjust your timetable and stop provoking Muslims forthwith”, he warned. Source By Chinyere Nwachukwu/Funmilayo Adeyemi/Jacinta Nwachukwu Abuja -   Stakeholders in the education sector on Saturday decried the ban of private school teachers from invigilating the West African Examination Council’s examinations. The stakeholders spoke in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja and Lagos on Saturday. The… April 14, 2018 In "News" Following the announcement of the date for the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination, the West African Examination Council on Tuesday announced guidelines for the conduct of the examination amid the coronavirus pandemic. This was contained in a statement by the Head, WAEC Public Affairs, Damian Ojijeogu. The statement… July 8, 2020 In "Education" By Yinka Olawale/Tayo Ikujuni Lagos - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) on Tuesday assured candidates sitting for this year’s Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) that they would not be denied the opportunity of sitting for the examination. Dr Fabian Benjamin, Head of Public Relations, JAMB, gave the assurance… April 9, 2019 In "News"