By Harrison Arubu  New York  –  U.S. President Donald Trump has flayed an appellate court ruling that overturned the death sentence given to the 2013 Boston Marathon bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. In a tweet on Sunday, Trump said that hardly had anyone deserved the death penalty than Tsarnaev. He said the government must push for the death penalty, adding that the country could not let the ruling stand. “Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. “The court agreed that this was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities. “Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost and ruined. “The Federal Government must again seek the death penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. “Our country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!,” the tweet read. Three people died and hundreds of others were injured after Tsarnaev, 27, and his older brother, Tamerlan, detonated homemade bombs along the marathon’s route on April 15, 2013. Tsarnaev was handed the death penalty in 2015 but he appealed the ruling in 2019 on the ground that the juniors were biased. In its ruling on July 31, the First U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals agreed with him, and ordered a retrial of the case. It said the trial judge should have excluded jurors, who had already concluded that Tsarnaev was guilty. Prosecutors are now left with two options: to comply with the appellate court ruling or challenge it at the Supreme Court. (NAN) London - A dramatic global rise in the number of executions recorded in 2015 saw more people put to death than at any point in the last quarter of the century, Amnesty International reported on Wednesday. It said in its review of global use of the death penalty that the… April 6, 2016 In "Foreign" United Nations  - UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-Moon, says he is deeply concerned that some UN member states are sentencing more people to death and others are resuming executions. In his remarks at the launch of a book: ``Moving Away From the Death Penalty’’ on Thursday in New York, Ban said… November 6, 2015 In "News" Washington- The U.S. is "deeply concerned" about an Egyptian court decision to seek the death penalty for former President Mohamed Mursi, a State Department official said on Sunday. The U.S. criticism followed condemnations from Amnesty International and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan after the court ruling on Saturday. The ruling was… May 17, 2015 In "Foreign"