Milan (Italy)  –  Italian lender Intesa Sanpaolo on Monday said it has become the banking partner of Bergamo-based Serie A football club Atalanta BC after taking over local rival UBI Banca. Atalanta is the only Italian team left in the UEFA Champions League tournament and Intesa’s move comes ahead of Wednesday’s quarter-final game against Paris St-Germain (PSG) FC. Intesa overcame fierce opposition from UBI’s management and local shareholders to secure control of its Bergamo-based rival this month. It is a deal that will turn it into the euro zone’s eighth-largest bank by assets. Intesa said in a statement that it was co-financing a 40 million euro (36 million pounds) investment to renovate Bergamo’s Gewiss stadium. Atalanta, the Serie A top scorers this season with 98 goals, belong to the Percassi family, a powerful local business dynasty that had thrown its weight behind Intesa’s offer. UBI’s shareholder base comprised dozens of local business owners, which had initially opposed Intesa’s offer, forcing it to significantly improve its terms. (Reuters/NAN) The surge in the number of new coronavirus cases in Italy has hit sporting events as four Serie A football matches were postponed on Sunday, with Inter Milan’s Europa League game next week also in doubt. The match between Torino and Parma in the northern city of Turin was called… February 23, 2020 In "Sports" GENEVA – FIFA on Monday called for an investigation into alleged racist comments made by the front runner in the race for the top job in Italian football. The racism row involves Italian FA vice-president Carlo Tavecchio, who last Friday provoked controversy when discussing Italy’s overseas players. “Media reports concerning… July 28, 2014 In "Sports" Milan (Italy) - AC Milan have a tough match at Atalanta on Sunday, yet there appears to be more focus on how the club will perform in the upcoming January transfer window. This is in the wake of a miserable first half of the season. There has already been one… December 19, 2019 In "Sports"