By Kemi Akintokun Lagos –  The Centre for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) has commended President Mohammadu Buhari for approving the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities (NCPWD) Board and appointment of its members. Mr David Anyaele, the Director of CCD, said on Tuesday that approval of the NCPWD board and members “is a clear statement that the government had commenced full implementation of the Discrimination against Persons with Disabilities Act”. Anyaele said in a statement that the approval was in line with the provisions of the Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act 2018 signed by President Muhammadu Buhari. He said: “The approval of the composition of the Governing Council, Executive Secretary, and subsequent dispatch to the National Assembly for screening is in fulfilment of Section 33.3. of the National Disability Act. “This act provides that the Chairman of the Council and one representative each from the six geopolitical zones shall be appointed by the President, subject to the confirmation of the Senate. “We say a big thank you to President Buhari for taking this bold step in the implementation of this Act, through the approval of the composition of the leadership of the commission.” Anyaele then urged the President to take appropriate measure to ensure that the budget of the NCPWD features in the 2021 Appropriation Bill to avoid financial hiccups in the take off the commission. “We are approaching the last quarter of 2020 without proper budgetary appropriation for the take off of this commission. “The approval of the composition of the Governing Council may turn to a waste of time and energy,” Anyaele said in the statement. He also urged the NCPWD board to take advantage of this office to ensure the full implementation of the National Disability Act by all Nigerians, both in the public and private sectors. According to him, the time to change disability narratives in the country has come. Anyaele called on all sectors to support the commission to protect citizens with disabilities from discrimination and other harmful practices. He, however, commended the media and other partners for their solidarity in the struggle. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that President Buhari on Monday approved the appointment of executive members of the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities (PLWDs), in line with the Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act 2019. The commission shall be headed by a part-time chairman and six members who shall be persons with disabilities representing the geopolitical zones of the federation. The chairman of the commission is Hussaini Kangiwa, a former House of Representatives member from Kebbi State, representing North-west, while Abba Ibrahim from the North-East was named the Executive Secretary. Members of the commission include: Dr Hussaini Kangiwa (Chairman, North-West); Oparaku Jaja (South-East): Philomena Konwea (South-South); Omopariola Oluwasola (South-West); Amina Audu (North-West); Mrs Esther Awu (North-Central); Abba Ibrahim (North-East) and James Lalu (Executive Secretary, North-Central). (NAN)