An Islamic group, the Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) is protesting against the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) over the timetable it released for the conduct of the 2020 Secondary School Certificate Examinations (SSCE). In a press release issued by the body on Monday and signed by its executive director, Ishaq Akintola, MURIC said the timetable clashes with Muslims’ Friday Jumu’ah prayers. It refered to the timetable as “exclusive, sectional, parochial, insensitive and provocative.” The press release which was made available to News Express reads: “WAEC has again fixed some of its subjects for the period of the Muslim Friday Jumu‘ah prayer in its examination which begins next week Tuesday 11th August, 2020. These are papers that Muslim candidates are also expected to take. So, the implications are very serious. At best, WAEC is reducing the chances of good performance among Muslim candidates. A quick glance at the timetable recently released by WAEC shows that there are at least three clashes between examination periods and Muslim prayers on Fridays: Management-in-Living (2 pm, Friday 14th August, 2020); Literature-in-English (2 pm, Friday 21st August); Health Science (1.30 pm, Friday, 4th September). This timetable is exclusive, sectional, parochial, insensitive and provocative. It is an invitation to anarchy,” said the statement. Continuing it said: “It is designed to cause pain to Muslim candidates. This is in spite of efforts made by us to guard against this kind of clash. We are perturbed by WAEC’s recalcitrance. The fact that the examination body ignored the above advice shows that it deliberately targets Muslims for persecution. It is unacceptable. This has to stop. There is also enough evidence that this is not the first time WAEC will fix examinations during the Muslim prayer period on Friday. MURIC’s struggle with WAEC over the Friday question is of great antiquity. Unfortunately, WAEC does not appear ready to learn from history. MURIC said it will cite at least two past clashes and its interface with the examination body. The statement further said: “Firstly, the timetable clashed with Jumu‘ah service in 2015 and MURIC cried out thereby forcing the examination authority to adjust its timetable. Secondly, in 2018 WAEC reenacted the same scenario. MURIC kicked again and WAEC adjusted its timetable. “We wonder why it should be so difficult for WAEC to leave out three hours only (from 12 noon to 3 pm) on Fridays in its examination timetable to allow Muslims to worship. Muslims everywhere in the world do not joke with the Friday Jumu‘ah prayer. This special weekly prayer has divine and scriptural basis in Qur’an 62:9-11 and any attempt to circumspect it by any means constitutes a challenge to divine authority,” said the Islamic body. The rest of the statement stated: “Justice also demands that WAEC respects the Muslim prayer period, because the Christian Sunday remains sacrosanct. What right does WAEC have to force Muslim candidates to write examination during Friday prayer time when the examination body does not fix its examinations on Sunday to disturb Christian worship? MURIC, therefore, calls the attention of the Federal Government and the Ministry of Education to WAEC’s excesses. Above all, let no one blame Muslim candidates if they refuse to write examination under duress. Any examination that infringes upon freedom of religion is ultra vires, unlawful, illegal, illegitimate and unconstitutional. “Muslim candidates deserve three hours every Friday. This is non-negotiable. Nigerian Muslims will liberate themselves from slavery, serfdom and religious apartheid if government is lackadaisical. The only thing MURIC opposes is violence. “Our message to WAEC is very clear and simple: ‘Adjust your timetable and stop provoking Muslims forthwith.’ Let the Muslims go.” Source: News Express Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has rejected the timetable of the 2020 West African Secondary School Certificate Examinations (WASSCE), a report by DailyPost has revealed. Revealing the reason for the rejection, the body said the dates clashed with Muslims’ Friday prayers. The examination will commence on the 17th August, 2020. MURIC… August 3, 2020 In "Education" By Chinyere Nwachukwu/Funmilayo Adeyemi/Jacinta Nwachukwu Abuja -   Stakeholders in the education sector on Saturday decried the ban of private school teachers from invigilating the West African Examination Council’s examinations. The stakeholders spoke in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja and Lagos on Saturday. The… April 14, 2018 In "News" Following the announcement of the date for the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination, the West African Examination Council on Tuesday announced guidelines for the conduct of the examination amid the coronavirus pandemic. This was contained in a statement by the Head, WAEC Public Affairs, Damian Ojijeogu. The statement… July 8, 2020 In "Education"