By Deborah Coker Benin  – The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo says the party was committed to a peaceful election as well as to ensure that residents continue to live in good health. Mr Chris Nehikhare, State Publicity Secretary of the party, said this in Benin, on Sunday, at a media briefing to appraise the party’s campaign tour since it’s commencent on Aug. 3. Nehikhare, who disclosed that the campaign tour was been carried out ward to ward, said that the idea was to ensure that the COVID-19 guidelines were strictly adhered to in order to prevent its spread. He noted that gathering every person in one place would expose the people to infection from COVID-19, which is a threat to the electorate. He however said that in spite of the ward to ward approach adopted for the campaign, the outings have been very successful. He said that the party and its candidate, Gov. Godwin Obaseki, have been well received with enthusiasm in all the wards so far visited. The publicity Secretary disclosed that the campaign council commenced its campaigns in Edo North Senatorial District, which has 64 wards out of the 192 wards in the state. “We have as at today, completed our ward to ward campaign in all 64 wards, though at some point, we have to suspend campaign due to the State House of Assembly issue. “But we have however returned to complete the four wards which were affected then. “We are commencing campaigns in the Edo Central this week, and we expect the people to also receive us with enthusiasm, as Central has always been a PDP stronghold,” he said. He commended the party supporters in Edo North for their support, turn-out and encouragement during the party’s campaign tour of the district. Nehikhare said that the PDP was confident of winning the Sept. 19 governorship election in the state, due to its candidate’s performance and reforms in every sector of the economy in the last three years and 10 months. He noted that the Obaseki led administration had shown commitment and resourcefulness in governance, adding that the financial prudence of the government must be appreciated. “We want our treasury to remain for the development of the state and not for some persons to put in their personal pockets”. (NAN) By Deborah Coker Benin - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo, on Wednesday, called on the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to conduct supplementary elections in two wards in Esan North East Local Government Area. Mr Chris Nehikhare, State Publicity Secretary of the party, told newsmen in Benin, that… March 13, 2019 In "Politics" By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - The Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Edo, Mr Johnson Alalibo, said nine political parties have so far concluded their party primaries and set to contest the forthcoming governorship election scheduled for Sept. 19, in the state. Alalibo disclosed this on Thursday at the Samuel Ogbemudia… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" A leading governorship aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has described as illogical, the argument put forward by Governor Godwin Obaseki to support his preference for indirect mode of governorship primary election on June 22. He insisted that the direct… June 9, 2020 In "Politics"