Benin (Sundiata Post) – The South-south Governors’ Forum has urged eligible voters in Edo State not to succumb to harassment and intimidation ahead of the September 19, 2020 Governorship election in the state. Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, Chairman of the Forum and Delta State Governor, who stated this at the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) campaign rally in Ekpon wards 9 and 10, Igueben Local Government Area of Edo State, charged youths to shun electoral malpractices, assuring that the PDP is stronger than the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. He encouraged the people to re-elect Governor Obaseki, candidate of the PDP at the poll, assuring that he would perform better with less distractions in his second term in office. He said, “I want to assure the youths and women not to be afraid of them. Whatever they want, we will give it to them. Nobody can oppress you. The whole of the South-south region (six states) is PDP. It is not easy for a Governor to be campaigning from ward-to-ward. Even in Delta State, we couldn’t do that. “We know that Obaseki will do better in his second term. I know that Governor Obaseki is a good man. If he is not, I won’t be here,” he said. The candidate of the PDP, Governor Obaseki, urged voters to reciprocate his good work in the area by supporting his re-election in order to attract more developmental projects to the area. Obaseki said he would address the challenge of electricity, which is one of the problems faced by Ekpon people, assuring them that his administration will explore more innovative options to address the issue. By Deborah Coker Benin - The Edo State Chapter of the PDP has again descended on Gov. Godwin Obaseki, describing his tenure as a hardship phase for the people. Addressing a news conference on Wednesday in Benin, the Chairman of the PDP in the state, Chief Dan Orbih, said that… November 14, 2019 In "Politics" Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" By Monday Ajogun Benin - Mr Frank Izuaige, a former Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) South-South Youth Leader in Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo, has defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Izuagie, on Friday in Benin led some of his members on a courtesy visit to Edo Government… February 9, 2019 In "Politics"