By Aminu Garko Minna –   The Niger Police Command on Saturday says its screening of applicants into the Constable Cadre will hold between Aug. 24 and Sept.6 at the Police Officers’ Mess, Minna. The Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Wasiu Abiodun, who disclosed this in a statement on Saturday, added that the exercise would hold between the 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. each day. Abiodun said the exercise was strictly for applicants from Niger, who had successfully completed their online recruitment registration. “The venue for the screening exercise is the Police officers’ Mess, Minna. And applicants are to appear at the venue in their clean white T-shirts and shorts and must wear face mark,” he said. According to him, applicants must come along with their originals and photocopies of their documents neatly arranged in two white flat files. He said applicants must come along with their National Identity Number (NIN), original and duplicate copies of their O’ level results, certificate of origin and birth certificate/declaration of age. ( NAN) By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The police are conducting physical and credential screening for applicants who had successfully completed online registration for recruitment into constable cadre of the force between Aug. 24 and Sept. 6. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr Frank Mba disclosed this in a statement on… August 21, 2020 In "News" The Police Command in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja on Friday said it had displayed names of shortlisted candidates from the FCT for recruitment into police at the Area Councils. A statement by DSP Anjuguri Manzah, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), in the command called on applicants to… June 28, 2019 In "News" By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki The Nigeria Police Force, Ebonyi Command will commence screening of shortlisted candidates for recruitment into the Force from July 1 to July 20. The notice was contained in a statement by Mrs Lovett Odah, Police Public Relations Officer of the Command in Abakaliki on Thursday. Odah… June 27, 2019 In "News"