A league of Igbo Youth Lawyers has asked the Federal Government to desist from applying force in handling issues concerning the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and other similar groups in the country. The group described the Biafra project as a promise and not a threat to Nigeria. Delivering a paper titled “Preserving corporate Nigeria, Issues and Evacuation” during a town hall meeting in Awka, President of the group, Stanley Okafor, insisted application of force in resolving restiveness and insecurity in the country would rather aggravate the already tensed milieu. He decried the series of frustration people of the region have been subjected to over the decades, which he said would have been resolved through proper integration of the southeast into the Nigerian project. He said: “We call on the government to review all actions in the last four years which have placed confrontation above dialogue as a means of resolving national difficulties. “The question of proper integration of the Igbo into the Nigerian project would continue to reverberate, and for those of us who continue to express optimism in the promise of a great Nigeria, nothing can be so assaulting as the constant show of overzealousness by security agencies in handling issues of civil agitation among our youths. “There is no tribe with greater nationality spirit in Nigeria than the Igbo. They love Nigeria. “Even Nnamdi Kanu cannot anywhere say he doesn’t want to belong to Nigeria. These young ones have their reservations on the Nigerian project. “You have to put a new basket of love and togetherness in this country to make this country work. You have to prove these youths wrong by doing things the right way. “It is our hope that if we deliberately create an atmosphere permissive of dialogue and fence-mending we shall succeed in promoting the frontiers of goodwill and Nigeria will stand a greater chance of sustaining our corporate existence against the current challenges bestowed upon us by our disparate actions.” The Nation OWERRI - The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has vowed to re-launch its rested outfit, Biafra Security Service (BSS) to level up with the South-West security, Amotekun. The Publicity Secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful who disclosed this to our correspondent in Owerri condemned the planned proscription of the Yoruba security… January 23, 2020 In "Top Stories" Leader of a coalition of Arewa youth groups that gave Igbo in the North October 1 deadline to vacate the region, Yerima Shettima has stated that the idea behind the quit notice is working perfectly. According to him, the groups decided to come with the quit notice to make leaders… July 22, 2017 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Centre for Crisis Communication (CCC) has observed that despite the great strides being recorded by the Nigerian military in the ongoing counter-terrorism and counter-insurgency operations in the North-East, the December 2015 deadline for the defeat of the insurgents is not feasible. The Executive Secretary of… November 26, 2015 In "News"