By Funmilayo Adeyemi  Abuja  – The National Examination Council (NECO) on Monday fixed Sept. 10 as deadline for the registration of schools and examination candidates for the 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE). A statement by the Registrar/Chief Executive of the council, Prof. Godswill Obioma in Abuja said the examination body would not be subject to extension of the deadline as approved by the Federal Ministry of Education. Obioma said this was to enable efficient and effective planning for the examination logistics required for the smooth conduct of the 2020 NECO/SSCE (Internal). He said that the 2020 NECO/SSCE (Internal) would commence on Oct. 5, and would end on Nov. 18. “The National Examinations Council wishes to remind all stakeholders and the general public that the deadline for the registration of schools and examination candidates for the 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) is Thursday, Sept. 10. “There will not be subject to extension as approved by the Federal Ministry of Education. “This is to enable efficient and effective planning for the examination logistics required for the smooth conduct of the 2020 NECO SSCE (Internal) “NECO hereby reminds all stakeholders and the general public that the 2020 NECO SSCE (Internal) will commence on Oct. 5, and end on Nov. 18. “We also use this opportunity to notify all stakeholders that the schedule and Examination Time-Table for the 2020 SSCE (External) will soon be released.” (NAN) By Jacinta Nwachukwu   Abuja   -        The National Examinations Council (NECO) has announced an extension for the registration of the on-going 2018 November/December NECO Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (SSCE). The Acting Registrar of NECO, Mr Abubakar Gana, disclosed this in a statement, on Tuesday in… November 20, 2018 In "News" The Federal Government has said the Senior Secondary School Certificate Examinations (SSCE) organised by the National Examination Council (NECO) for SS3 pupils will commence on October 5 and end on November 18, 2020. The government also said the National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB) examinations will start on September… July 29, 2020 In "News" By Abbas Bamalli Kano -Kano State Government says it has earmarked N489.25 million to sponsor 29,126 candidates of the Senior Secondary Certificate Examinations (SSCE) in the State. The state’s Commissioner for Education, Sanusi Kiru, made this known in a statement signed by Aliyu Yusuf, Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the… August 24, 2020 In "Education"