By Monday Ajogun Dagbala, (Edo)   – Some pensioners in Dagbala, Akoko Edo Local Government Area of Edo, on Monday commended Gov. Godwin Obaseki for his prompt payment of salaries pensions. Mr Rufus Adogame, who spoke on behalf of the pensioners in the area, gave the commendation at Dagbara Ward 5 Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) gubernatorial campaign ground. “In the past, pensioners did get their pay after two or three months. But Obaseki has changed this narrative. We now get our pay as early as between the 24th and 26th of each month. “We are here today to campaign for Gov. Godwin Obaseki’s second term election and we are sure of his victory. “Today, we want to assure him that we are ready to work for his re-election. His developmental strides have qualified him to contest under our great party, PDP,” he said. Adogame further said that the people were happy for all the great things Obaseki was doing for them, and that they would mobilise for his re-election on Sept. 19. Also speaking, a former House of Representatives member, Mr Tunde Akogun, said that the people needed a man that was honest and committed to the development of the state. “We all know the history of how pensioners took over the streets of Benin, but today that narrative has been changed by Gov. Godwin Obaseki,” he said. Akogun called on the people to come out in their large numbers to re-elect the governor at the Sept. 19 governorship poll. (NAN) BENIN and -Ahead of the Edo Sept. 19 governorship election, the two leading candidates of the poll have thrown decorum to the winds with their adoption of campaign of calumy and mudslinging. The incumbent Gov. Godwin Obaseki of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Mr Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the All… July 11, 2020 In "Politics" Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" By Imelda Osayande Benin -   Pensioners in Edo on Monday barricaded popular Oba Ovonramwen Square in Benin for several hours over non-payment of gratuities and pension arrears. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the pensioners forced diversion of traffic which resulted in unusual traffic gridlock in adjoining roads.… July 17, 2017 In "News"