The sad story of a girl physically deformed because of her mother’s attempts to abort her has been told by her father. The girl by name Perpetual has been unable to walk since birth because her mother tried to abort her before her birth date was due. Mr Victor Sarbah, father of Perpetual, in an interview with Emefa Adeti on the Prime Morning show recalled the woeful story. Victor explained that his ex-wife successfully aborted an earlier pregnancy with the help of a friend of hers he had advised her against. According to him, Perpetual’s mother lied to him about having a miscarriage from falling down when she actually took a drug to abort it. “When she was pregnant with Perpetual too, she took the drug again but it didn’t work this time around. So that’s how Perpetual has ended up like this; she was trying to abort her. The same friend ended up laughing at her for having a child who walks like a frog,” he recounted. The woman who sells waakye for a living divorced her husband and left him with sole custody of their physically impaired daughter. ”She took off with our first and third children leaving me with Perpetual and one boy. I have been Perpetual’s sole guardian for 2 years now”, Victor narrated. Source: GHPAGE Her stricken scream of help me rented the air at the early hours of Tuesday, jolting residents of Mechanic Village in Jakande Estate, Oke-Afa, Isolo area of Lagos, from sleep. But none went out to know the cause because it was too late to do so. Her piercing cries gradually… February 22, 2020 In "Metro" The Police have arrested an incestuous man; Taofeek Oyeyemi, for impregnating his 16 years old biological daughter. Taofeek, 42, was arrested following a complaint by the girl’s mother who reported at the Ewekoro police station that her daughter who has been living with her ex-husband, was pregnant. She informed the… December 19, 2019 In "Metro" It was a marriage doomed from the beginning, and after 13 years, it culminated in a tragedy. Presently, the couple, who live in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, are gradually coming to terms with the fact that they have opened a Pandora’s box. It started with the husband’s deceit––hiding his… May 25, 2019 In "Relationship"