Mudasiru Yusuf, a former assistant coach of Senior Women’s national team, the Super Falcons, and the Under 17 national team, the Golden Eaglets, is dead, The PUNCH reports. Yusuf’s death occurred on Saturday in a private hospital in Osogbo, and according to Tajudeen Amodu, the media Officer of Osun United Football Club. The remains of the late soccer tactician were buried in his residence in Osogbo Sunday morning. Amodu, in a condolence message on behalf of the management, players, and coaching crew of Osun United, said the late Yusuf retired as the Football Head Coach, Osun State Sports Council in the year 2017 after serving for 25 years. The statement read in part, “He was a former Super Falcons and Eaglets assistant coach. He was an assistant to Coach Jossy Lad at the 2007 All African Games in Algiers which Nigeria Super Falcons won. Yusuf was with Falcons between 2007-2009. “He was also an assistant coach to Monday Osigwe when he handled Golden Eaglets in 2009. Yusuf started as an assistant to Amodu Shuaibu at BCC Lions of Gboko in 1988 through 1990.” Ex-international, Chief Ademola Adesina, in a tribute, described the deceased as a disciplinarian, who knew his onions, adding that Yusuf dedicated his career to the promotion of grassroots football. Adesina, who is the president of Osun United Football Club, said, “Coach Muda was a great, disciplined and ambitious coach during his days. “I remember when he was in charge of BCC Lions of Gboko Football Club, he took some local players from Osun to the team and assisted many grassroots footballers. We will definitely miss him and his wealth of experience.” Source Lagos  -   Nigerians have again been thrown into mourning with the death early on Saturday of a four-time former Super Eagles Coach, Shuaibu Amodu. Amodu, 58, who until his death was the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF) Technical Director from April 2016, reportedly died during a brief illness in Benin.… June 11, 2016 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Technical and Development Committee of the Nigerian Football Federation on Monday named Frenchman Paul Le Guen, 52, as the new Technical Adviser of the senior national team, Super Eagles. He will be assisted by Nigerian Salisu Yusuf, who takes the role of chief coach. The… July 18, 2016 In "Sports" Abuja  -    The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), has sacked Tijani Babangida, Personal Assistant to Sunday Oliseh, the Super Eagles Head Coach. This is stated in a communiqué of meeting of the NFF Executive Committee issued in Abuja on Wednesday by Ademola Olajire, the NFF Assistant Director of Communications. It… February 17, 2016 In "Sports"