An Ekiti State High Court on Thursday sentenced a 25-year-old man, Mohamodu Haruna, to death by hanging for cutting a fellow herdsman to death with a cutlass. Delivering judgment in the murder case in Ado-Ekiti, Justice Adekunle Adeleye said “there are no surrounding circumstances that destroyed the cogency of the circumstantial evidence led against the accused. “He is caught in the web of the last seen theory. In the result, I find the defendant guilty as charged. He is sentenced to death by hanging.” The Prosecution counsel, Shirley Atanel, had during trial told the court that Haruna committed the offence on Feb. 12, 2018, at the Uro river in Iyin Ekiti, Irepodun/Ifelodun council of the state. Atanel said that the convict murdered one Mohamadu Usman contrary to Section 516 of the Criminal Code, CAP C16, Laws of Ekiti State, 2012. Giving evidence in the case, one of the prosecution witnesses told the court that while riding his motorcycle past the river, he saw two herdsmen approaching the river with their herds of cattle. The witness said that he later saw Haruna returning a blood-stained matchet into its sheath and the other herdsman lying face down in a pool of blood with a matchet cut on his neck. During the trial, the prosecution called four witnesses including the IPO and tendered exhibits to prove its case including the convict’s confessional statements, photographs of the deceased, and a blood-stained matchet. Haruna, who was represented by his defence counsel, Mr. Yinka Opaleke, testified in his own defense and called no witness. (NAN). Abuja (Sundiata Post) -AN Ado-Ekiti High Court has sentenced two men, Adewa Sunday, 34, and Adedayo Amos, 33, to death by hanging for robbery and illegal possession of firearms. Delivering judgment, the Chief Judge of Ekiti State, Justice Ayodeji Daramola, held that the prosecution had proved its case of robbery… August 9, 2019 In "Top Stories" Ado-Ekiti   -  An Ado-Ekiti High Court on Thursday sentenced one David Olugboyega to death by hanging for armed robbery involving N14,570. Justice John Adeyeye passed the judgment following the confessional statement of the convict and the conclusion of trial by the prosecution. ``An accused may be convicted on his… December 4, 2015 In "News" By Opeyemi Aremu-Gbemiro     Ado-Ekiti   -     An Ado-Ekiti High Court, on Wednesday, sentenced one Alonge Ajayi, 22, to death by hanging for armed robbery. Justice Lekan Ogunmoye, held that the prosecution proved its case beyond reasonable doubts and consequently found Ajayi guilty as charged. The News Agency of Nigeria… January 9, 2019 In "Metro"