Liverpool (UK) –  Winning the 2019/2020 English Premier League (EPL) title has not quelled Liverpool’s hunger for silverware, team captain Jordan Henderson said on Friday. The England international said the Reds would continue to push for trophies in the new season. Liverpool ended their 30-year wait for a top-flight title last season, finishing 18 points clear of Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City. Henderson, who made 30 appearances in the league before being sidelined by a knee injury, has challenged his team mates to continue improving. “We need to go again, to be better, to keep that desire, that hunger and that competitiveness as we’ve shown over the last few years,” the England midfielder told Liverpool’s website. “Just keep going and win as many trophies as we can, because we’ve proven that over the last few years we’re a top, top team. That’s all down to hard work and dedication.” “I’m really excited to see what we can do this season, another big season for us.” The Jurgen Klopp-coached Liverpool face English FA Cup champions Arsenal in the Community Shield on Saturday before beginning their Premier League title defence against Leeds United on Sept. 12. “We’ve got to be right at it, come that first game, and we’ve got another chance to win silverware. After that, the Premier League starts pretty quick. So, we need to be ready,” Henderson added. (Reuters/NAN) Liverpool (UK) - Former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson sent a text message to congratulate old rival Kenny Dalglish, the former Liverpool manager has said. Ferguson’s message was to congratulate Dalglish after Liverpool ended their 30-year wait for a top flight title by winning the 2019/2020 English Premier League (EPL)… June 27, 2020 In "Sports" London - Liverpool were crowned champions of England for the first time in 30 years on Thursday with seven matches remaining, having turned the English Premier League (EPL) title race into a procession. They have smashed records along the way and more could follow, including most wins, most points and… June 26, 2020 In "Sports" London - Thirty years of hurt came to an end for Liverpool when they were confirmed as Premier League champions on Thursday, courtesy of second-placed Manchester City’s 2-1 defeat by Chelsea. The result at Stamford Bridge means Liverpool have an unassailable 23-point lead over Manchester City with seven games left.… June 26, 2020 In "Sports"