Abu Dhabi  –  German Foreign Minister, Heiko Maas, on Tuesday, visited the United Arab Emirate (UAE), following a trip to Libya, during which he pushed for a de-escalation in the conflict in Libya. Maas intends to bring up the North African country’s long-running civil war while in Abu Dhabi. The UAE is one of the key foreign supporters of Libyan strongman, Gen. Khalifa Haftar, who is locked in a power struggle with UN-backed Prime Minister, Fayez Serraj. Haftar also has support from Egypt and Russia while Turkey is backing Serraj, making Libya a battleground for rival proxy forces. Germany’s top diplomat, who is to hold talks with UAE Foreign Minister, Abdullah bin-Nahyan, is expected to urge his host country to stop sending military support into Libya. However, one of the commitments agreed to at a peace summit, held in Berlin in January, whose resolutions had so far made little difference on the ground. Maas also intends to discuss the recent landmark agreement between the UAE and Israel to establish diplomatic ties. “With its historic step toward the normalisation of relations with Israel, the UAE has shown in the past week that it can make an important contribution to peace in the region,’’ Maas said. Meanwhile, the UAE became the only the third Arab country after Egypt and Jordan to establish diplomatic links with Israel. In return, Israel had suspended its planned annexation of parts of the Palestinian West Bank. (dpa/NAN) DUBAI - The United Arab Emirates said on Thursday that “extremist militias” were controlling the Libyan capital which its ally Khalifa Haftar is fighting to capture from forces allied to Libya’s internationally recognised government. A Libyan man carries a picture of Khalifa Haftar during a demonstration to support Libyan National… May 2, 2019 In "Foreign" Ankara - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said he discussed the conflict in Libya with U.S. President Donald Trump in a phone call on Monday and that the two leaders agreed on “some issues” related to developments there. Turkey supports the internationally recognised government of Fayez al Serraj, whose forces have… June 9, 2020 In "Foreign" Istanbul -  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan discussed on Saturday the ongoing conflict in Libya with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin, state news agency Anadolu said, without giving further details. Erdogan and Putin spoke by phone and discussed the “crisis in Libya and regional issues,” Anadolu said. The report would not… July 6, 2019 In "Foreign"