Nigerian Disc Jockey, DJ Cuppy has broken her silence after a Twitter user begged Pepsi to replace her with another female DJ Switch. Recall that DJ Cuppy is a brand amabassador of Pepsi. DJ Switch was exceptional and won the hearts of Nigerians on Saturday after making BBNaija housemates dance happily during the party. The man simply known as Chigozie had asked Pepsi, an international conglomerate to which Cuppy is an ambassador to consider dropping her and signing fellow female Disc Jockey, DJ Switch in her place. “DJ switch Pepsi pls replace Cuppy!” he wrote. Reacting to the request by Chigozie, Cuppy said Pepsi deciding to drop her is something that can never happen as the company loves her. She, however, added that what would be a better alternative would be for DJ Switch to join her as an ambassador, saying that they need to add more females. “REPLACE? No, Pepsi loves Cuppy too much, so this can never happen. Sign ASWELL? Yes, they certainly should add more females! Blue heart #CuppyDat” she tweeted. REPLACE? No, Pepsi loves Cuppy too much, so this can never happen. Sign ASWELL? Yes, they certainly should add more females!  #CuppyDat https://t.co/EKvFwIY8Hv Source Nigerian ace disc jockey, Dj Cuppy has revealed why she has remained single for so long. Dj Cuppy Within the past few months, the “Gelato” singer has been spotted with several good looking men and this made fans to conclude that she must have a man in her life. However,… January 3, 2020 In "Metro" Popular Nigerian Disc Jockey and billionaire’s daughter, DJ Cuppy is excited as she gets marriage proposal from a potential suitor. The DJ took to Twitter to share a marriage proposal she received from a suitor via email. Recall that yesterday, Monday, Aug 3, DJ Cuppy had declared that 2020 is… August 4, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerian female Disc Jockey, Florence Otedola known as DJ Cuppy who is a samsung ambassador was seen flaunting her newly acquired iphone 11 pro max. See Photo: Source October 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"