Former Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has warned Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to honour his pledge to the Peoples Democratic Party when he wins the forthcoming September 19 governorship poll. The governor, who was elected on the platform of the All progressives Congress in 2016, had dumped the party for the PDP following his disqualification from the APC primary election in June. Obaseki has since been at loggerheads with his predecessor and former APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. The election is less than five weeks away but the political climate in the state is turbo-charged with the players engaging in verbal attacks. Obaseki, who is seeking reelection on the platform of the PDP this time around, will face, amongst other contenders, APC candidate, Osagie Ize-Iyamu, who has the backings of Oshiomhole; the President, Major-General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.); and APC stalwart, Bola Tinubu. The state House of Assembly has also been embroiled in crisis of late with different political camps trying to outdo one another. Commenting on Edo politics, Fayose, a member of the PDP, wrote on his verified Twitter handle on Thursday evening, “My position is that, for obvious reasons, I am not a fan of both Gov Obaseki and Oshiomhole. That notwithstanding, I believe that Obaseki will win, but he should honour his agreement with the PDP by not returning to APC after assuming office for the second term for flimsy excuses.” See tweet; …because it appears that he may have deliberately read different meanings to what Political gains he wants to make out of it and I careless.My position is that, for obvious reasons, I am not a fan of both Gov Obaseki and Oshiomhole. Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo state, says he is yet to join any political party. The governor announced the resignation of his membership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) after meeting with Ibrahim Gambari, chief of staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday. He said he would pursue his reelection… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" A chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo State, Okharedia Ihimekpen, has cautioned leaders and members of his party not to underrate the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. Ihimekpen, Monday at an interactive session with reporters in Benin, expressed… July 6, 2020 In "Politics" •Oshiomhole, Ize-Iyamu and Obaseki Godfatherism is a doctrine of the Catholic Church where a child is blessed with a godfather and that child becomes a godson.  The idea is for a godfather to provide guidance and be a role model to the child from infancy to adulthood. Therefore, there is… June 30, 2020 In "Opinion"