Prague  -Czech President Milos Zeman has successfully undergone surgery early after breaking an arm in a fall, his spokesperson said on Wednesday. “President Milos Zeman is resting after the operation,” spokesperson Jiri Ovcacek told Radio Z on Wednesday. The operation at a Prague military hospital was reportedly successful. The 75-year-old broke his right arm while going on a walk, Ovcacek told the CTK agency on Tuesday evening. The injury was not life-threatening. Zeman is in contact with his family and his staff. He will have to scale back his work schedule during the subsequent recovery period. Zeman has been president since March 2013. At the beginning of 2018, he was directly elected for a second five-year term, with 51.4 per cent of the vote. The former Social Democrat had previously been Czech prime minister, from 1998 to 2002. During Europe’s refugee crisis, Zeman made a name for himself as an immigration opponent and critic of Islam. He is considered friendly towards Russia and China. (dpa/NAN) PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czechs marked the 25th anniversary of the fall of communism in Prague on Monday by again marching in protest, this time waving red cards rather than jangling their keys to serve notice to unpopular rulers. Over 5,000 people rallied in the capital to raise the soccer-style penalty… November 17, 2014 In "Foreign" PRAGUE   - Czech President Milos Zeman has called for the Czech Republic to hold a referendum on its membership of the European Union and NATO following Britain's shock vote to leave the EU. Zeman, who said he would back the Czech Republic remaining in both organisations, has no power… July 1, 2016 In "Foreign" Conservative MP Boris Johnson arrives at the BBC studios in London on June 18, 2019 to take part in the Conservative Party leadership BBC television debate. ISABEL INFANTES / AFP The EU’s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, who is recovering in quarantine after also testing positive, tweeted that “my thoughts are… April 7, 2020 In "Foreign"