By Yunus Yusuf Lagos  – Some stakeholders in the aviation industry have commended the Federal Government for the pronouncement to resume international flights and urged Nigerians to comply with the Covid-19 preventive measures. The stakeholders spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Lagos. The federal government on Aug. 17 approved Lagos and Abuja airports for resumption of international flights in the country. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, who made the announcement, said the airports would be opened Aug. 29 and that protocols and procedures would be announced before the approved date for resumption. Dr Gbenga Olowo, the President, Aviation Safety Round Table Initiative (ASRTI), said the pronouncement was a welcome development. According to Olowo, it is an indication that the aviation sector is gradually coming to life. “That life is gradually returning to normal, we appeal to all not to discountenance COVID-19 spread preventive protocols before, during and post flights resumption,’’ he said. Retired Grp. Capt. John Ojukutu, the Secretary-General, Aviation Safety Round Table Initiative (ASRTI), noted that there were no sufficient skilled health workers to man the designated international airports. He also noted that the decision would increase commercial activities for airlines on the domestic routes. “Domestic airlines can distribute passengers and cargo for the international airlines to and from the remaining 20 airports.’’ Ojikutu said government must, however, ensure that the international airlines were distributed evenly to the two airports. He said that this was to ensure that arriving or departing passengers infected with the virus from a particular airport could easily be tracked, traced and treated. Also commenting, Mr Kabir Gusau, the President-General, Association of Nigerian Aviation Professionals (ANAP), also said that resumption of international flights operations was a welcome idea. “I believe in Nigeria we are ready, especially starting with MMIA, Lagos, and NAIA, Abuja, as recommended by the minister of aviation. An Aviation expert, Mr Olumide Ohunayo lauded the Federal Government, saying the move to resume international flights would bring succour and courage to the industry. Ohunayo said that the pronouncement would end the “exploitative evacuation of Nigerians by international flights.’’ “With the pronouncement on the resumption, all the rush on evacuation flights will stop. “I learnt that the last evacuation is taking place on Aug. 20, l don’t expect passengers to pay such exorbitant fare but be patient till Aug. 29, and board flights at reasonable prices,’’ he said. He, however, advised the government to verify countries that would accept Nigerians before plying those countries. (NAN) By Abujah Racheal Abuja - Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, says international flights, suspended by the nation’s aviation authorities as a result of the global outbreak of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic will resume on Aug. 29, 2020. He announced this at Monday’s briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… August 17, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has confirmed that a simulation trial of domestic flights will be carried out at the Murtala Muhammed Airport in Lagos this Saturday, according to a report by Daily Post. It said the aim of the simulation is in preparation to reopen the country’s airspace to commercial flights.… June 23, 2020 In "Politics" By Adekunle Williams/Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -      The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), on Thursday said that domestic and international airlines operating in Nigeria sold tickets worth N505.2 billion in 2017. The Director-General of NCAA, Capt. Muhtar Usman made the disclosure at the Quarterly Business Breakfast Meeting… June 14, 2018 In "News"