Many world leaders, at different points in time, have had their outfit-learning moments; that period when their wardrobe choice becomes an issue of public discourse. Barack Obama, as a sitting American president, once had his when he wore a tan suit for a media briefing, prompting a frenzied response that came to be known as ‘Tangate’ and spurning several memes and puns like ‘The Audacity of Taupe’, a pun of his bestselling book, The Audacity of Hope. The American media celebrated the fifth anniversary of the wardrobe choice last year. The Anambra State governor, Willie Obiano, is having his. There may be a plethora of genuine reasons to criticise Obiano given his below-par performance and treacherous treatment of his predecessor, Peter Obi, Nigerians have, however, chosen to slate him and hang him out to dry for his recent tacky outfit. While hosting a former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, in the Anambra Government House recently, Obiano was pictured in a tattered jean pant that has left Nigerians scandalised and shocked. It was not the first time he would be caught napping with his unorthodox dressing style but this tattered jean took the cake as many describe it as un-gubernatorial. According to a top opposition politician, “With the humongous largesse claimed for wardrobe allowance, there’s more than enough to get Gov Obiano a wardrobe consultant. This is a very odd way to dress for an executive. I am tempted to believe it is His Excellency’s look-alike.” For several hours after the picture hit social media, it was the hottest topic. A twitter user said, “Obiano looks like an adult who was ‘robbed’ of his youth and is trying to make up for the lost time. The great Igbo leaders such as Chief Nnamdi Azikiwe and Sam Mbakwe would be utterly disappointed at the sight of this photograph.” Another popular twitter influencer @DatAnambraChick, posted, “Why is Willy always looking like a low budget ‘I wanna gonna wanna’.” He was also described as a farmer, a hunter and worse of all, a ‘Marlian’, referencing an advocate of the rave-of-the-moment lewd lyricist, Naira Marley. Though a successful former bank MD, Obiano was expected to be at home with the de rigueur of fashion appearing in sharp, bespoke suits at public events. Perhaps because he is now in politics where he is expected to intermingle and interface with the proletariat and prosperous, Obiano has resorted to traditional attires over formal dresses. His decision to look different has sent people questioning his otherwise sterling career and fashion advisers. But the critics this time are not limited to political opponents and social media pundits. Obiano is taking heat from fashion experts who have unanimously asked him to go back to wearing his colourful Ankara outfits and over-sized coats of many colours. From Jude Owuamanam, Managing Editor, Northern Operations ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Human Rights group, International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety), has accused Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, of ruthlessly squandering N420 billion belonging to Anambra people. In the first part of its series on the… November 5, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Silas Nwoha Almost two years since Willie Obiano assumed the mantle of leadership in Anambra State, things are steadily looking up for the 24-year-old state. Created on August 27, 1991, Anambra State looks set to unlock its potential. When former Gov. Peter Obi handed over to Gov. Obiano some… August 27, 2015 In "News" Anambra - Nigerian actor, Zubby Michael has been given a political appointment by the Governor of Anambra state, Willie Obiano.  Zubby Michael Anambra Governor, Willie Obiano has appointed Nollywood actor Zubby Michael as his Special Adviser on media. The actor announced the good news via his Instagram page, where he shared a… December 1, 2019 In "Entertainment"