The interim chairman of University of Lagos Governing Council, Dr John Momoh alongiside other members of the council have confirmed Prof. Folasade Ogunsola as the acting Vice-Chancellor of the institution. The Governing Council gave the approval at a virtual meeting on Tuesday. The inauguration of the visitor’s panel will hold in Abuja on Wednesday. There was jubilation at UNILAG on Monday when she emerged the acting VC at the emergency Senate meeting. The Federal Government had, last week, asked UNILAG Senate to reconvene and nominate an acting VC following the crisis between the varsity’s Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council, Wale Babalakin, and Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe. The FG also asked Babalakin and Ogundipe to recuse themselves from official duties, pending the outcome of the Special Visitation Panel set up by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.). With her emergence, Ogunsola broke UNILAG’s 58-year record by becoming the first female to be appointed as an acting VC of the institution since it was founded in 1962 Source •Dr Wale Babalakin (left) and Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe By Funmilayo Adeyemi ABUJA - The Federal Government has directed the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman Governing Council of the University of Lagos, Dr Wale Babalakin and the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe to recuse themselves from official duties. The Federal Government made the… August 21, 2020 In "News" The Senate of the University of Lagos has elected Prof. Folasade Ogunsola as Acting Vice Chancellor. The Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Development Services) polled 135 votes compared to Prof. Ben Oghojafor’s 31 votes. It was gathered one vote was declared void. A total of 167 Professors were at the Senate meeting. Oghojafor… August 24, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Dr Wale Babalakin (right), Chairman, University of Lagos Governing Council and Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, suspended Vice Chancellor, University of Lagos Indeed, the Nigerian university system is no stranger to crises.  If it is not fight for university autonomy, underfunding, political interference, lack of respect for agreements, it is some mundane… August 17, 2020 In "Opinion"