Popular Nigerian rapper, Folarin Falana aka Falz, has pleaded with the Federal Government to re-open the entertainment industry. The son of human rights lawyer, Femi Falana, made this known in a string of tweets on Monday shortly after the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, announced August 29 as the reopening date for international flights. Like most public places, cinemas and other recreational outlets were shut in March to curtail the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. But while some public places like markets, banks, airports, amongst others have been allowed to reopen, cinemas, beaches and other places of relaxation remain closed. Reacting, Falz wrote, “Restaurants have reopened, airlines have been operating, places of worship have also been permitted to reopen. Let’s not even start to talk about all the videos that have surfaced of political rallies happening, clearly neglecting all safety precautions. “Right now, we don’t see anything but a government that contributes little or nothing to its creative sector and continues to attempt to stifle the sector in every way. Thousands of people have been left without any way to earn for several months. “The entertainment industry must be allowed to gradually get back in business. Let’s start with cinemas reopening with all safety precautions in place.” Also, a lawmaker representing Egbeda/Ona-Ara Federal Constituency in the House of Assembly, Akin Alabi, tweeted, “It’s no longer making sense that cinemas are still closed. They have assured the government and the public that they are ready to open at less than half capacity. Planes are flying full capacity. Parties are going on. Don’t let me mention rallies.” A tweep, @Gregzetta, wrote, “Cinemas have demonstrated their ability to properly conduct business in a safe manner. It makes little sense keeping cinemas shut while local flights operate, restaurants are open for in-dinning and places of worship open. Open cinemas now.” @martinskachi1 argued, “If you allow domestic flights to resume, there is absolutely no reason why cinemas shouldn’t. The operations are exact. Same queueing process, same boarding and ticketing process, same seating process, everything!” Source By Edward Ojiah   Abuja   -      Nigerians and the Domestic and Sexual Violence Response Team (DSVRT) have lauded singer, Folarin Falana a.k.a Falz for addressing sexual violence in his latest music video. The reactions came after the award wining artiste announced the release of the video titled “Child of the… July 23, 2018 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja   -      Musicians Folarin ‘Falz’ Falana and Ric Hassani have joined fans to react to the ongoing wedding between Adekunle Gold and Simisola Ogunleye. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that news of the wedding between the two music stars broke on Wednesday morning causing a… January 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja(SundiataPost) -Hip hop artist Simisola Ogunleye, a.k.a. Simi, Ace rapper Folarin Falana,  Falz and Super Eagles Stand-in captain, Ahmed Musa, are hits the nominees for the 2018 The Future Awards to be held in Lagos, Nigeria. The list of the nominees for the prestigious "The Future Awards" for excellence were… December 13, 2018 In "Entertainment"