By Mohammed Tijjani  Kaduna  – The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Sunday deployed additional 32 special forces to support Operation Safe Haven being executed by the military to restore normalcy to southern Kaduna. The Air Officer Commanding (AOC ) Air Training Command Kaduna, AVM Musa Mukhtar said in Kaduna that the deployment was in response to the directive of the Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadiq Abubakar, for NAF to support the ongoing operation. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) report that the troops deployed two officers, 28 soldiers and two medical staff. “We are part of support element going to Southern Kaduna to support the operation safe haven from the Nigerian airforce special forces. “I call on the troops to be discipline, remain focused and respect human rights as they go about their operations. “We have Operation Thunder Strike which is domiciled in Kaduna to take care of the North West axis, this means the air power will be originated from there. “We also intend to carry out our civil military relation hopefully by next week and send a medical team from our hospitals.” Mukhtar noted that the operation would be as long as necessary, adding that there were already a contingent of the Defence Special Forces deployed to southern Kaduna, to restore peace in the area. “We also have air component Commander to coordinate the air power aspect,” he added. The AOC called on the residents of southern Kaduna to avail the troops with all the necessary and genuine information that will assist in the successful execution of the operation. “We will process the information and find out its true nature and then act,” he assured. Mukhtar also called on the residents to give the military all the necessary cooperation, saying “we are there to assist the civil populace and not to harm them.” (NAN) By Tijjani Mohammad Birnin Gawri(Kaduna State) - The Nigerian Air Force(NAF) on Saturday Inaugurated a 271 detachment in Birnin Gwari, Kaduna State, as part of efforts  to tackle security challenges in the country. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that  271 NAF Detachment was established as a blocking force for troops… May 5, 2019 In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani   Kaduna -  The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall, Sadiq Abubakar, on Thursday says the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) had trained no fewer than 2,251 of its personnel in Force Protection in Complex Air and Ground Environment (FP-CAGE), since 2015. Abubakar made the disclosure during the… December 7, 2018 In "News" By Ahmed Mohammed Kaigama Bauchi - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Friday graduated 126 Special Force and Combat Search and Rescue Personnel in Bauchi. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Saddique Abubakar at the combined graduation ceremony in Bauchi, said the graduates comprised of Special Force and… May 15, 2020 In "News"