By Abbas Bamalli Kano –   Gov. Abdulllahi Ganduje of Kano State, said his administration has initiated viable skill acquisition programmes to empower youth and women, to fast track sustainable social and economic development in the state. Ganduje stated this at a celebration to mark the 2020 International Youth Day, with the theme: “Youth Engagement for Global Action,” on Saturday in Kano. He described the skill acquisition programmes as critical to youth empowerment for enhance engagement in social, economic and political administrations. According to him, effective engagement of youth in development programmes is a major priority of his administration. Ganduje, therefore, called on government at all levels to provide the youth with necessary skills to develop their talents and make positive contributions to the national development. He noted that engagement of youth in such programmes were imperative to address security challenges in the country. “In view of the importance of its to youth development, my administration has executed multi billion Naira Skill Acquisition Centre project designed state of the earth equipment. “There is also the need to give more priority to the education of the youths, so that they can be engaged in decision making, implementation and other government activities. “Our recent policy on free and compulsory primary and secondary education is to encourage development of youths and prepare them to take over the mantle of leadership in the future. “And also to prepare them become more educated to be engage in such decision making and implementation,” he said. Ganduje warned that the state government would employ strict penalties against parents and guardians who refuse to enroll their wards in school. Earlier speaking, the state’s Commissioner for Youth and Sports Development, Kabiru Lakwaya, said the state government had established garment centres in 44 local government areas of the state. Lakwaya urged the state government to hasten inauguration of the Dangote Ultra Modern Skills Acquisition Centre and the 44 garment centres to enable it commence full operations for the overall development of the state. He called on parents, community and religious leaders to accord priority to youth inclusion in decision making process at the grassroots. (NAN) By Mohammed Nur Tijani Kano -   Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, has reiterated his administration’s commitment to empower youths in the state through training on various vocational skills. Ganduje made the remark at the National Youth Week celebration on Saturday in Kano. “The government attaches so much importance… August 12, 2018 In "News" Kano   -     ‎Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje‎ of Kano, ‎has called on Muslims to continue to cherish the teachings of Ramadan and exhibit its lessons of self discipline, piety and love. This admonition was contained in a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information, Mallam Muhammad Garba and made… June 15, 2018 In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani   Kaduna    -     Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, on Tuesday pledged to deploy the state’s population to stimulate the economy and ensure growth and development. He also pledged to offer women equal opportunities to attain their potentials in life. Ganduje made the remarks on Tuesday when… March 6, 2018 In "News"