London –  Crystal Palace have bolstered their attacking options ahead of the new English Premier League (EPL) season with the signing of Eberechi Eze from Championship side Queen’s Park Rangers (QPR). Eze, who earned rave reviews last season and scored a majestic goal in his final appearance for QPR against West Bromwich Albion last month, is joining on a five-year deal “Eberechi is a player whose development we have followed closely,” Crystal Palace Chairman Steve Parish said of the England Under-21 international. “We are delighted he has chosen to sign for us over the other clubs that were interested and we feel that this is the right club for him to continue his development.” The attacker, who was a target for West Ham United and Tottenham Hotspur, could potentially forge an exciting partnership with Wilfried Zaha. Zaha could however become a transfer target for several clubs during the transfer window. “As a club, I feel like there are great players here and it’s a brilliant opportunity for me to come and be with these players, to link up with them and to really push on,” Eze said. Crystal Palace finished in 14th place last season but scored only 31 goals in the league campaign. (Reuters/NAN) Manchester United will go in search of their first Premier League win under manager Louis van Gaal when they travel to Sunderland on Sunday. If there was any doubt about the scale of the task facing the Dutchman, it was demonstrated by last weekend's 2-1 opening day defeat at home… August 22, 2014 In "Sports" Loic Remy is set to leave Chelsea this summer with Marseille and Everton interested in signing the forward. The Frenchman will fly to China this week for the club’s pre-season tour but will be allowed to leave the club if they sign a new centre forward. Remy would like to… July 17, 2017 In "Sports" Queens Park Rangers F.C. (QPR) boss, Harry Redknapp has confirmed the imminent arrivals of Napoli forward, Eduardo Vargas and Norwich midfielder, Leroy Fer. Vargas, a Chile international, will join the Super Hoops on a season-long loan deal if he passes a medical on Wednesday. The deal will likely include an… August 19, 2014 In "Sports"