Nigerian singer and Grammy nominee, Damini Ogulu aka Burna Boy’s Twice As Tall album is now the highest charting Nigerian album on Billboard 200. The African Giant released the album on Friday, august 14th and it has been trending on diverse social media platforms since then, with lots of positive reviews all across the internet. The album appeared to be so outstanding that US singer and producer, P. Diddy said the album deserves to win album of the year. His album peaked at number 1 on UK Apple top albums, making him the first Nigerian artiste to achieve such. Twice As Tall also got five million streams just one hour after it dropped. The album has now gone on to break another record, debuting at number 54 on the Billboard 200, becoming the highest charting Nigerian album ever on the Billboard 200. The announcement came via the verified account of the Billboard Charts which tracks sales and streams of albums within the American enclave. The account [@BillboardCharts] wrote that, “@burnaboy’s ‘Twice As Tall’ debuts at No. 54 on this week’s #Billboard200.” This is a new peak position for Burna Boy after African Giant peaked at No. 104 on the same charts. Three years prior to that, Wizkid’s Sounds From The Other Side had also peaked at No. 107 on the same charts. .@burnaboy's 'Twice As Tall' debuts at No. 54 on this week's #Billboard200. Source Burna Boy, the trending Nigerian artiste, on Wednesday, spoke to the Big Brother Naija, BBNaija Lockdown housemates. The singer advised housemates to keep their heads up while in the show. In a short clip, the ‘African Giant’ gave an intro and spoke to housemates as his songs in his new… August 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - African Giant’, Burna Boy’s latest album, has become the highest ranking African album ever. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the globally acclaimed album debuted at number 16 on the UK albums chart. The debut was announced by Official charts through their official Twitter… August 8, 2019 In "Entertainment" Afro-fusion star, Burna Boy has made it to New York Times’ ‘The 54 Best Songs of 2019’ for his song ‘Anybody.’ Burna Boy’s Anybody was on number three on the list of 54 while the first two are Lizzo for the song ‘Cuz I Love You’ and FKA twigs for… December 30, 2019 In "News"