The House of Representatives Committee on Public Accounts, on Tuesday, said it is not investigating the office of the Vice President, or the person of Prof. Yemi Osinbajo as erroneously insinuated in some quarters. The Chairman, House Committee on Public Accounts, Hon. Wole Oke gave the clarification while addressing the Permanent Secretary of Federal Ministry of Finance, Budget & National Planning, Mrs Olusola Idowu. Oke explained that the ongoing investigation was aimed at getting documentary evidences of the school feeding procurement under the National Social Investment Programme carried out by Federal Ministry of Budget & National Planning. Since its implementation in 2016 until October 2019, the SIPs was domicilled in the Oﬃce of the Vice President, with VP Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, as Chair of the Steering Committee that oversights the National Social Investment Oﬃce. The NSIO provides standard delivery mechanisms, with objectivity, collaboration, synergy transparency, eﬃciency and pro-active monitoring in mind. To assure of close collaboration and impact, focal persons from each State were nominated by the Governors, to supervise the State’s activities in relation to each of the four programmes. The Oﬃce of the Vice President has never been involved in ﬁnancial transactions or the disbursement of funds for the SIPs. The Ministry of Budget and National Planning, was in charge of all matters regarding ﬁnancing, budgeting, procurement and disbursement of funds allocated and released for the NSIPs. He said, “By our records, the office of the Vice President is responsible for policy formulation and monitoring of the National Social Investment Programme. “Issue bothering on procurement was handled by the Ministry of Budget and National Planning which has now been merged with the Ministry of Finance. “We have it on record that the Ministry of Budget and National Planning handled all issues of procurement from 2016 to September 2019 when the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs was created. “Our request is for the Ministry of Budget and National Planning to make available all relevant procurement records for the various items under the NSIP. Our investigation has nothing to do with the office of the Vice President but the Ministry. The Nation By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja - The Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, on Friday at the Presidential Villa, Abuja inaugurated the Audit Committee on Federal Government’s Policies, Programmes and Projects. Osinbajo said the committee was set up with a view to taking stock of the administration’s efforts so far and making… March 15, 2019 In "News" Abuja -   The Federal Government and the 36 states and the FCT at the end of the two-day National Economic Council Retreat in Abuja on Tuesday resolved to work together to tackle the challenges of the economy. The ministers of Budget and National Planning, Mr Udoma Udoma, Finance, Mrs… March 22, 2016 In "Top Stories" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari is currently presiding over the fifth virtual meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ministries of Finance, Budget and National Planning; Aviation; Works and Housing as well as Women Affairs are… June 24, 2020 In "Politics"