Seoul  – South Korea’s coronavirus infections are back “in full swing” and spreading nationwide after members of a church attended a political demonstration, authorities said on Thursday, threatening one of the world’s COVID-19 success stories. The Korea Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC) reported 288 new cases as of Wednesday, marking a week of triple-digit daily increases, although down slightly from the previous day’s 297. “This is a grave situation that could possibly lead to a nationwide pandemic,” Vice Health Minister Kim Gang-lip told a briefing. According to KCDC deputy director Kwon Jun-wook, without aggressive contact tracing, the country could experience the types of spikes and continued infections witnessed in the U.S. and Europe. “Consider the COVID-19 pandemic now to be in full-swing.” South Korea was one of the first countries outside China to see an explosive spread of the new coronavirus, however intensive tracing and testing had brought infections under control and quelled a subsequent series of spikes. The latest outbreak is driven by hundreds of infections among members of a church run by a far-right preacher. They had attended an anti-government protest in Seoul on Aug. 15, the 75th anniversary of the Japan’s World War Two surrender and the end of colonial rule. Kwon urged all demonstrators to get tested immediately at nearby public health clinics to protect the vulnerable around them. “The demonstration may have been a catalyst for the nationwide outbreak, as churchgoers chartered buses to the capital from their homes across the country, including the southern port of Busan,’’ Kwon said. (Reuters/NAN) Seoul (Sundiata Post) -  South Korea’s new coronavirus cases stayed around 30 for the second straight day Sunday, and the recovery rate of its virus patients topped 70 per cent since its first case in late January. The country reported 32 more cases of COVID-19, bringing the nation’s total infections… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" Seoul - South Korea on Thursday reported 29 more coronavirus cases following cluster infections linked to clubs and bars in Seoul, putting health authorities on edge amid growing concerns over further virus spread. The new cases of COVID-19, with 26 of them being local infections, brought the nation’s total number… May 14, 2020 In "Foreign" Seoul - South Korea on Tuesday enhanced social-distancing guidelines as the number of new virus cases bounced back over 200, straining the country’s virus fight. The country added 246 more COVID-19 cases, including 235 local infections, raising the total caseload to 15,761, according to the Korea Centers for Disease Control… August 18, 2020 In "Foreign"