By Joy Akinsanya Abeokuta  – The Chief Judge of Ogun, Justice Mosunmola Dipeolu, on Monday swore-in Chief and Senior Magistrates, urging them to uphold the ethics of the profession and dispense justice without fear and favour. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that those appointed as Chief Magistrates included Mr Awofeso Ireti-Olubatunde, Mr Dipeolu Dehinde and Mrs Osinbajo Moriyike Oluwabunmi. Mr Shodeinde Ogooluwa Adekunle, Mrs Kolawole Ogunbowale and Mr Solana Shodeinde Abayomi were also appointed as Senior Magistrates. Dipeolu, while administering the oath of office on the six newly appointed Chief and Senior Magistrates at the state High Court in Kobape, said the appointment was imperative to ensure speedy dispensation of justice. “I discovered that Ogun state Judiciary had a fast deteriorating Kwashiorkor scale in which we had only five Chief Magistrates in the entire judiciary in the state. “This number was grossly insufficient to handle the fast rising number of civil and criminal matters that were strictly within the jurisdiction of Chief Magistrates. “Hence, approaching the state governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, he granted approval to fill vacancies and employ within approved establishment position and approved budgets,’’ she said. She advised the newly appointed Chief and Senior Magistrates to resist the temptation of abusing judicial powers in the course of dispensing justice. The Chief Judge noted that judicial officers had the constitutional duty to serve the nation competently, diligently, fairly, professionally and speedily. She said their conduct must therefore be professional, noting that judicial officers must earn the trust, respect and confidence of the people they serve. The Chief Judge also enjoined them to be honest in their dealings as well as be hardworking, diligent, time conscious, reliable and deal with citizens and litigants who appear before them with human face. She further implored them not to be carried away with the enormous powers which various laws had conferred on them. (NAN) By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia - Alhaji Sidi Bage, Justice of the Supreme Court has emerged as the 17th Emir of Lafia Emirate following the demise of Alhaji Mustapha Agwai I on Jan. 10. Mr Haruna Osegba, the Nasarawa state Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs announced the selection of… March 26, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Moji Eniola Ikeja - The Chief Judge of Lagos State, Justice Opeyemi Oke, retired on Monday after attaining the mandatory retirement age of 65 years. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Oke, born on June 10, 1954, was appointed as the 16th chief judge of Lagos State by… June 10, 2019 In "News" Abeokuta  - The Ogun Judiciary has commenced series of refresher courses for Magistrates, Judicial Assistants, Secretaries, Court Registrars, Clerks and Bailiffs across the state, the Chief Judge, Mrs Olatokunbo Olopade, has said. Olopade, who made the statement on Monday in Abeokuta while speaking with newsmen, said the four-day training was… August 24, 2015 In "News"