Tokyo  –  The Olympic flame will go on display at the Japanese Olympic Museum from Sept. 1, the Japanese Olympic Committee (JOC) announced on Monday. The flame was last seen in Fukushima after the torch relay was cancelled following its arrival from Greece before it could start on the planned tour of Japan. This was after the decision to postpone the Games in March due to the new coronavirus pandemic. With the Olympics postponed until 2021, organisers had been discussing how best to store and present the Olympic flame whilst in Japan. They have chosen to display the flame at the JOC museum which is near the National Stadium purpose-built for the Games. To limit crowds gathering to view the flame there will be a reservation system with a designated date and time. There will also be a one-way viewing route to avoid unnecessary contact between members of the public. The flame will be on display from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1. Neither the JOC nor Tokyo 2020 organisers have said where the flame will be located after that. (Reuters/NAN) TOKYO  - A Japanese official who led the successful bid for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics said on Wednesday the Japanese Olympic Committee (JOC) plans to investigate the bidding after questions were raised about payments by the bid committee. Media has reported the bid team made payments totalling more than $2… May 18, 2016 In "Sports" Tokyo - Tokyo’s 2020 Olympic Games mascots headed out from the capital’s Haneda airport on Wednesday for a promotional tour of Europe, bemusing travelers with a ceremony featuring a clapping routine and a video message from veteran pop act the Backstreet Boys. Known as Miraitowa and Someity, the pair will… February 19, 2020 In "Foreign" Tokyo - The Tokyo Olympics next July will be a “uniquely risky” event, demanding flexibility from organisers amid the uncertainty of the Coronavirus pandemic, particularly if a vaccine has not been rolled out by then, medical experts say. Japan and the International Olympic Committee made the unprecedented decision last month… April 20, 2020 In "Sports"