By Abbas Bamalli  Kano  -Kano State Government says it has earmarked N489.25 million to sponsor 29,126 candidates of the Senior Secondary Certificate Examinations (SSCE) in the State. The state’s Commissioner for Education, Sanusi Kiru, made this known in a statement signed by Aliyu Yusuf, Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the ministry, on Monday in Kano. According to the statement, the SSCE examinations include: National Examination Council (NECO) and National Board for Arabic and Islam Studies (NBAIS). The statement said that the decision followed approval of the release of student’s qualifying examination results by the government. “This followed the submissions to the State Executive Council (SEC) for the release of their results, in preparations for the 2020 NECO and NBAIS examinations. “While considering the submission, the state government approved the sponsorship of the students as proposed by the ministry. “Under this category, the state government is to sponsor the registration fees of 29,126 students that obtained five credits and above. “The five credits must include Mathematics and English obtained during the Qualifying Examinations,” Kiru said. While congratulating the successful candidates, Kiru urged them to reciprocate the gesture and dedicate themselves to achieve academic excellence. He lauded Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje and other members of the SEC for the gesture. The commissioner, therefore, directed Zonal Directors, Directors and Principals to note the development so as to make follow ups with immediate effect. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that NECO examination will be conducted between Oct. 5 and Nov. 18, while NBAIS examination is to hold between Sept. 23 and Oct. 17. (NAN) he National Examinations Council (NECO) on Thursday released the results of the 2017 June/July Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (SSCE) with Ekiti state emerging top in students’ performance with 85 per cent of its students scoring five credits and above including Mathematics and English. Edo and Bayelsa States came second… September 14, 2017 In "News" The Federal Government has said the Senior Secondary School Certificate Examinations (SSCE) organised by the National Examination Council (NECO) for SS3 pupils will commence on October 5 and end on November 18, 2020. The government also said the National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB) examinations will start on September… July 29, 2020 In "News" The 2020 West African Examination Council (WAEC) will commence on August 17, the Federal Government has declared. To this end, it asked secondary schools to reopen on August 4, 2020 for students in exit classes to sit for the exams. The government said students will have two weeks to prepare… July 27, 2020 In "News"