Duisburg (Germany)  –  Wolverhampton Wanderers Boss Nuno Espirito Santo is proud of his side’s achievements given the size of their squad but admits the club will need to bring in new faces. Wolves’ 1-0 defeat by Sevilla in the Europa League quarter-finals on Tuesday brought an end to their season that lasted 383 days with 59 games. Wolves used just 21 players in Premier League matches this season, fewer than any other team while as many as eight players featured in at least 50 games in all competitions. “It’s a small squad and we must be really proud, but now we need to make good decisions so we do not make mistakes like we did before. We need more players that can help us,” Nuno, 46, said. “It’s a short break, you cannot stop and start again. We now have to prepare well for this period, we have to rest. This is the best way and we will look at how we did things.” Arsenal’s FA Cup triumph means Wolves will not be a part of the Europa League next season in spite of their seventh-place finish in the Premier League. (Reuters/NAN) The Spaniard, who previously led Paris St-Germain to the French league title and won three Europa Leagues with Sevilla, was appointed Gunners boss in May 2018, succeeding Arsene Wenger. He has been replaced on a temporary basis by assistant and former Arsenal midfielder Freddie Ljungberg. Arsenal said the decision had… November 29, 2019 In "Sports" Frank Lampard warned Chelsea not to get complacent after they took control of the race to qualify for the Champions League with a 4-0 demolition of Everton on Sunday. Lampard’s side won for just the second time in seven league games thanks to goals from Mason Mount, Pedro, Willian and… March 8, 2020 In "Sports" Abuja- Flying Eagles’ Head Coach, Manu Garba, on Wednesday in Abuja insisted his team was not yet ready for the 2015 African Youth Championship (AYC) in Senegal. Garba’s insistence was in spite of his team winning their third straight match at the Super 4 Invitational Tournament by beating Warri Wolves FC… January 28, 2015 In "Sports"