A man, Adekunle Adeyemi has caused serious commotion in Ikorodu area of Lagos after he reportedly told their neighbours that he had been sleeping with one Mrs. Chisom, the wife of one of their neighbours, Mr. Arinze Onuoha. According to PM Express, the incident resulted into a public fight and in the process, Adeyemi stabbed Mr. Arinze to death. The incident happened at Red Block Street, Grammar School area of Ikorodu, Lagos State, where they reside. It was gathered that when Adeyemi realised that he had murdered Mr. Arinze, he fled and since then had been on the run in order to evade arrest and not face the charge for murder. The matter was reported to the Ikorodu Police Division by one of their neighbours, Glory Dickson, who told the Police what happened before Adeyemi stabbed Arinze to death. This was disclosed by the Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bala Elkana, who confirmed that the suspect, Adeyemi is on the run after the dastardly act. He said that the victim, Arinze Onuoha, was allegedly stabbed to death by Adekunle Adeyemi after he was accused of having affair with his wife, Chisom Onuoha. The Police said, “A woman, Glory Dickson, came and reported that Adeyemi of the same address came to their room alleging that her husband, Stanley Dickson, told Chisom’s husband, Arinze Onuoha, that he (Adeyemi) was having an affair with his wife (Chisom).” “This led to an argument and confrontation and in the process, Adeyemi stabbed Arinze with a knife on the left side of his chest. The victim was rushed to the Ikorodu General Hospital by sympathisers where he was confirmed dead and the corpse was brought back home.” SP Elkana said that a team of detectives moved to the scene and the victim was found already dead lying on the floor of his apartment and further stated that the Police have since commenced investigation and have started manhunt to arrest Adeyemi, who is now at large. He said that the Police have identified some marks of assault on the left side of the victim’s chest as his corpse was moved to the mortuary of the hospital for autopsy report. Meanwhile, the residents were said to have deserted the compound as neighbours fled the scene of the crime in order to avoid arrest by the Police for interrogation. Source A teacher, Abimbola Olamide, has been arrested by policemen from the Lagos State Police Command for allegedly stabbing her husband, Dare Akinbobola, to death at their residence in the Ikorodu area of Lagos State. It was gathered that there was an argument between the couple on Wednesday, which degenerated into… June 1, 2018 In "Metro" By Adepote Arowojobe Ikorodu (Lagos State) - Residents of Aga community in Ikorodu, near Lagos were on Friday greeted with shock when the corpses of a father, wife and their child were found in their apartment. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the incident occurred at No 12,… May 24, 2019 In "News" By Danielle Ogbeche A suspected serial rapist who reportedly raped and stabbed a 60-year-old woman, Francisca, in the neck is currently on the run. The fleeing suspect also brutalized his victim’s 10-year-old daughter identified only as Marvelous for daring to raise the alarm. According to reports, the incident which happened… July 13, 2016 In "Metro"