Manchester (England) –  Former Europa League winners Manchester United booked a quarter-final spot in the tournament after their second-string side laboured to a 2-1 home win over LASK Linz on Wednesday to seal a 7-1 aggregate rout of the Austrian side. United’s reward is a clash with FC Copenhagen in Cologne on Monday after the Danish side beat Istanbul Basaksehir 3-0 at home earlier on Wednesday to wipe out a 1-0 first-leg deficit. United, who won Europe’s second-tier club competition in 2017, appeared to be going through the motions and fell behind to a spectacular Philipp Wiesinger goal in the 55th minute before Jesse Lingard and Anthony Martial replied. Having been virtually assured of progress after a 5-0 win at LASK in March, United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer fielded a below-strength side at Old Trafford and they looked completely at sea for an hour. Defender Andres Andrade hit the crossbar for the visitors in the 10th minute and Husein Balic fired just wide from the ensuing scramble before striker Marko Raguz twice came close in a one-sided first half. LASK took a deserved lead when United half cleared a corner and Wiesinger gave home goalkeeper Sergio Romero no chance with a screaming first-time shot from 25 metres into the top corner. Falling behind finally spurred United into action and Lingard equalised after a defence-splitting pass by Juan Mata left him with time and space to steer his shot past goalkeeper Alexander Schlager. Late substitute Martial completed United’s comeback on the night in the 88th minute when his close-range shot trickled over the line after squeezing through Schlager’s legs. Romero spared United more blushes when he kept out a Raguz back-heel from two metres with a superb reflex save deep into stoppage time. The last eight will be played as a mini-tournament in four German cities, with the final set for Aug. 21 in Cologne. (Reuters/NAN) Former Super Eagles ace Odion Ighalo and compatriot Joe Aribo have been pitched against Austrian side LASK and Bayer Leverkusen respectively in the round of 16 of the Europa cup on Friday. Draw for the event held in Switzerland, saw Manchester United pitched against LASK while Scottish side Rangers face… February 28, 2020 In "Sports" Linz (Austria) - Manchester United took a big step towards the Europa League quarter-finals by thrashing Austrian side LASK Linz 5-0 on Thursday in their last 16 first leg tie. The match was played at an empty Linzer Stadium due to the coronavirus pandemic. Striker Odion Ighalo fired Manchester United… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" Odion Ighalo scored his first goal for Manchester United as they cruised into the Europa League last 16 at the expense of Club Bruges with one of their best performances of the season. Bruno Fernandes scored his second United penalty in a week after Simon Deli was sent off for… February 28, 2020 In "Sports"