Former Flying Eagles goalkeeper, John Felagha, is dead. He died at the age of 26. The death of the 26-year-old was announced by the Nigeria Football Federation, NFF, in a tweet via its official Twitter account on Monday. According to the NFF, Felagha died in Senegal on Sunday while on holiday, even though the cause of his death wasn’t revealed. The tweet read, “Former National U17 and U20 goalkeeper, John Felagha has died. “ Felagha died on Sunday in Senegal. “He was aged 26. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.” Former National U17 and U20 goal keeper John Felagha has died. Felagha died on Sunday in Senegal. He was aged 26. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. pic.twitter.com/Zr5M8RjUWw Prior to his death, Felagha was a former Golden Eaglets shot-stopper at the 2009 U17 FIFA World Cup held in Nigeria. He also represented the nation at the 2013 Africa Youth Championship (AYC) and U20 FIFA World Cup two years later. He had a spell with KAS Eupen, a Belgium second division side. However, his football career was cut short by injury and he was the coach at Aspire Academy till he passed away. The Nation ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Technical and Development Committee of the Nigerian Football Federation on Monday named Frenchman Paul Le Guen, 52, as the new Technical Adviser of the senior national team, Super Eagles. He will be assisted by Nigerian Salisu Yusuf, who takes the role of chief coach. The… July 18, 2016 In "Sports" By Lexi Elo with Agency Report‎ Former Nigeria U-17 goalkeeper, Dele Alampasu has joined Portuguese side Estoril for an [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] undisclosed fee, Goal.com has revealed.  The towering goalkeeper who was voted best goalkeeper at the 2013 Fifa U-17 World Cup in the United Arab Emirates had been tipped to… February 4, 2015 In "Sports" Abuja - The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Thursday in Abuja named coach Manu Garba as Head Coach of the Flying Eagles, that national under-17 male team. In a press statement by its Assistant Director of Media, Ademola Olajire, NFF said Garba was tasked with the mandate of repeating his… February 18, 2016 In "Sports"