By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin –  Rev. Olu Martins, the Executive Director, Canvassers for Democracy and Rule of Law, on Wednesday said Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo meant well for the people and therefore deserved overwhelming support of all in his re-election bid.Rev. Martins, who is also the lead pastor of Hillcity Ministry and an activist, was reacting to his purported endorsement of the All Progressives Congress (APC), candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, in Benin.Martins told newsmen that there was never a time he endorsed Ize-Iyamu adding that it was a joke taken too far.Martins said, “For some 48 hours now my phone has been inundated with calls and texts of my purported endorsement of the APC candidate.“The candidate of the APC is my very good friend and that of my family whom I respect and relate with freely and regularly.“He played a pivotal role in my life and continues to so do.“I visited him as I normally will, being a friend that politics would not separate on Aug. 23, to have a private chat where I met some of my friends on the APC/POI divide.“I am an activist and not a party person and I can associate freely. That association should not be tagged endorsement or dumping Obaseki when that is not what I came to do.“I do not have issues with him but I have my preference politically speaking in this re-election of Obaseki. I have been a staunch supporter of the governor.“I am a committed Canvasser of Obaseki re-election bid having appeared on several media stations both local, national and even international, the recent being a massive rally where I was like the spokesperson,” Martins said.According to him, I have always been a direct person as I have never been known to probate and reprobate at the same time. When I support you, I do so without wavering.“I supported Ize-Iyamu in 2016 and stayed with him until Supreme Court verdict. I intend to do the same with Godwin Obaseki until he wins his re-election come Sept. 19,” he added.Martins also debunked the allegation of financial inducement saying that he would have sold out in 2016 when he was approached.“I am convinced that Obaseki means well for Edo people and has done well for them.“He, therefore, deserves our overwhelming support in his bid to deliver to Edo state the much needed and already visible development.” (NAN) It was a setback for the re-election bid of Governor Godwin Obaseki yesterday when some of his family members endorsed and pledged their support for the candidate f the All Progressives Congress (APC), Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, in the September 19 Edo Governorship election. The endorsement of the APC candidate by… August 1, 2020 In "Politics" Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics" The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has hailed his counterpart of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Governor Godwin Obaseki, on his 63rd birthday. Ize-Iyamu, yesterday in an online statement, wished the celebrator God’s abundant blessings. He said: “By divine coincidence, we… July 2, 2020 In "News"