The former national chairman of the All Progressives Congress,Comrade Adams Oshiomhole have been accused by the The Peoples Democratic Party of allegedly deploying security agents to take over the Edo State House of Assembly. The National Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, said this on Thursday while he charged the Inspector-General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, to stop the attempt to take over the Assembly. Ologbondiyan, in a statement, titled, ‘.Stop invasion of Edo Assembly now’ said, “The party posits that the invasion and illegal occupation of the state legislature by security agents allegedly deployed by sacked national chairman of the APC, Adams Oshiomhole, is a direct coup against the democratic order of Edo State and a recipe for anarchy, chaos, and bloodletting. “We urge the Inspector-General to act with dispatch to curb this nefarious situation, which has heightened tension in the state, and if not halted, may result in a bloody clash as the citizens are already charged to defend their symbol of democracy from a forceful takeover. “The police hierarchy is urged to note that this provocative and lawless act by the APC is part of its plans to overheat the polity and create a security situation with the view to unleash violence on the people, derail the democratic order in the state and blame it on security agencies.“ Ologbondiyan also condemned what he referred to as “this notorious resort to self-help by the APC and their agents to forcefully take over power in Edo State through the back door.” The party restated its call to the President Muhammadu Buhari to rein in Adams Oshiomhole before he triggered a serious crisis in the state. Also, the Edo State Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Mr Chris Nehikhare, in a statement titled, ‘Failed Assembly Takeover,’ said the plot to take over the Assembly was thwarted by the Edo people. Source The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called on the Inspector General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, to immediately order the arrest of the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, for questioning and prosecution, for incitement. The party said the violence and arson perpetrated by agents of the… February 14, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Edo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to call Adams Oshiomhole, National Chairman of the party to order. The state chapter of the party said Oshiomhole was “hell-bent” on disrupting the peace in Edo… February 3, 2020 In "Top Stories" As the fallout between Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State and his predecessor Adams Oshiomhole deepens, the latest move from the Oshiomhole camp is said to involve a plot to impeach Obaseki. Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is said to have intimated to some of… July 10, 2019 In "Politics"