By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin –  The Speaker of Edo House of Assembly, Francis Okiye, on Tuesday said there was nothing unusual about the lawmakers backing the candidates of their choice for the Sept. 19 governorship poll in the state. Okiye was reacting to the Monday endorsement of the All Progressive Congress (APC), Osagie Ize-Iyamu, by the Deputy Speaker, Yekini Idiaye, and two other members of the house. The speaker in a statement he signed and made available to newsmen in Benin said: “It is imperative to state the actual position of things in Edo House of Assembly right now. “It is not unusual for legislators and indeed politicians to engage in political re-alignments in this part of democracy like in Nigeria. “That the Deputy Speaker and 2 other lawmakers chose to support the APC governorship candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, is within their constitutional right,” he said. According the speaker, the lawmakers said they merely declined moving to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and chose to to work for the candidate of their party, the APC. Okiye stated that the three lawmakers still remained members and part of the 10 lawmakers in the Edo house of assembly. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the house had declared vacant, the seats of the 14 members of the house who were not sworn in, following the crisis that had bedeviled the house for years. (NAN) The Deputy Speaker of Edo state House of Assembly Mr. Yekini Idiaye and four other lawmakers have declared their support for the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. The lawmakers are among the 10 that were inaugurated in July 2019 while 14 others remain yet… August 3, 2020 In "Politics" Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - There is a big gulf between Governor Godwin Obaseki and majority of the members of his party who have described his leadership style as politics of exclusion. However, on June 22, the All Progressives Congress (APC) is expected to hold its primary election to pick its… May 24, 2020 In "Politics"