Liverpool (UK)  – Liverpool Football Club will begin their English Premier League (EPL) title defence on Sept. 12 at Anfield when they face newly-promoted Leeds United FC. Manchester City and Manchester United will not participate in the competition until Sept. 19, after they were given 30 days to rest following the end of their European season. Manchester City were due to open their season against Aston Villa, and Manchester United against Burnley but those games will be moved. Manchester United will begin the season at home to Crystal Palace on Sept. 19 while City will travel to Wolverhampton Wanderers for their opener on the same day. Mikel Arteta will begin his first full season in charge of Arsenal with a trip to newly-promoted Fulham, while north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur host Everton in the opening weekend’s fixtures. Chelsea and Wolverhampton Wanderers’ opening matches are both scheduled for Sept. 14, with the Blues travelling to Brighton & Hove Albion and Wolves visiting Sheffield United. Juergen Klopp’s Liverpool travel to Chelsea for their second game of the season before hosting FA Cup Champions Arsenal. (Reuters/NAN) Manchester (UK) -Manchester United and Manchester City will not be required to compete in the opening weekend of the 2020-21 Premier League campaign following their European commitments this past season, the Times newspaper has said. Man City’s season came to an end on Aug. 15 with a 3-1 defeat by… August 19, 2020 In "Sports" London   -    Liverpool will host Chelsea in the League Cup third round after Thursday’s draw threw up four all-Premier League ties. Tottenham Hotspur will host Watford, Southampton visit Everton and Wolverhampton Wanderers welcome Midlands rivals Leicester City in the other top-tier encounters. Holders Manchester City will visit third-tier Oxford United,… August 31, 2018 In "Sports" Substitute Divock Origi’s 86th minute header earned Liverpool a 3-2 win at Newcastle United on Saturday to send them two points above Manchester City and keep their Premier League title bid alive. The race to secure the final two Champions League qualification places looks likely to go to the final… May 5, 2019 In "Sports"