Mogadishu –   At least 19 people, among them suspected Islamist militants, were killed in an attempted prison break in the Somalian capital of Mogadishu, authorities said on Tuesday. Fifteen prisoners and four guards died in the incident on Monday at the central prison, according to Abdiqani Mohamed Qalaf, a prison spokesman on state TV. This was a rise from the eight people initially announced dead on Monday. Some of those involved are suspected to be al-Shabaab members, and one militant escaped alive, Qalaf said. The militants took small arms from prison guards and started shooting randomly at the policemen in and around the prison, police said on Monday. They were able to capture parts of the prison, and it took security forces nearly two hours to end the siege, police officer Ali Hassan Kulmiye said. Police have said an investigation is under way. The terrorist militia al-Shabaab has been fighting for supremacy in the poor country in the Horn of Africa for years. The Islamist fundamentalists control large parts of the south and centre of the country and repeatedly carry out attacks. Somalia’s government is supported by the US military, which launches airstrikes, and an African Union (AU) force. (dpa/NAN) Last week Shabaab militants briefly took control of a mosque in Garissa, delivering a hardline sermon to captive worshippers. The latest attack came in the Garissa county where terrorists in early April raided a university campus, killing over 140 students. (Photo/AFP). THIRTEEN Kenyan police are missing following an overnight ambush… May 26, 2015 In "Foreign" NAIROBI - Al Shabaab gunmen killed around 25 Kenyan police on Monday, ambushing some officers in a village in the east of the country after others died when their vehicle hit a landmine planted by the militants, their military spokesman said. The Islamist group also burnt five vehicles in the… May 26, 2015 In "Foreign" MOGADISHU (Reuters) - An air strike in Somalia by U.S. armed forces targeted the leader of the Islamist militant group al Shabaab, Ahmed Abdi Godane, Somali and U.S. officials said on Tuesday, but they said it was unclear whether he was killed in the attack. "We don't know that he's… September 3, 2014 In "Foreign"