Nollywood actress, GenevieveNnaji who has carved a niche for herself in Nollywood and Hollywood has added another feather in her cap. She has been chosen as the ambassador of the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) 2020. The Nollywood actress and producer has joined the list of 50 celebrated filmmakers and actors who are invited as ambassadors of the TIFF. A month ago, The Academy of Motion Picture, Arts and Sciences, released its list of new members, with 819 invitees, including our very own actress. The invitees include Priyanka Chopra, Tatiana Maslany, and Shamier Anderson, American actors Brie Larson, Kasi Lemmons, Zachary Quinto and Olivia Wilde; Israeli-American actor Natalie Portman; British actor Carey Mulligan; French actor Julie Delpy; Italian actor Isabella Rossellini, Mexican actor Gael Garcia Bernal; and Chinese actor Donnie Yen. According to the festival, many of the ambassadors will engage with audiences through interactive digital experiences and events. The esteemed film festival will be opting for digital screenings and virtual red carpets in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. The festival is scheduled to kick off from September 10 to September 19, 2020. Source By Joshua Olomu,   Since the production of “Living In Bondage” close to three decades ago, a movie reputed to be what chronicled the emergence of Nollywood, the industry has progressively evolved into a global brand. It has grown exponentially, amidst all odds, considering the little budgets movie producers have… January 17, 2019 In "Features" By Joshua  Olomu Abuja - Three Nigerian films, Lionheart, King of Boys and Up North, are selected for showcase at the 2019 edition of  ‘Nollywood in Hollywood’ slated to hold on March 22 and 23 in Hollywood California, USA. The event is organized by O2A Media, Inc. in partnership with… February 22, 2019 In "News" By Ojonugwa Felix Ugboja If dealing with the facts, Nigeria’s movie industry, Nollywood, is the second largest movie industry in the world, production wise. It is a remarkably huge industry with great reach in Africa and in other parts of the world. Many might be surprised about NETFLIX’s recent acquisition… September 14, 2018 In "Features"