A woman from Jamaica has stunned many people after she woke up from coma with British accent. It was gathered she had been in coma after a horror crash. The woman identified as Deana-Rae Clayton, who lives in Montego Bay, woke from a coma to find she was speaking with a British accent. And, according to some, she sounds like a Brummie – instead of patois – despite never visiting the UK in her life. The 33-year-old survived a horrific car crash that killed her friend, and awoke in St James to find she was speaking with a British accent despite never visiting the UK. The vlogger told Mirror Online : “In my head I’m speaking patois but when it comes out of my mouth I sound British. “It took me a while to get used to it but now I like it and everyone says my new accent suits me. “I’m also left-handed too. I used to use just my right hand to write but now I can use both.” She said: “I want people to know about my trauma and what I am going through. “The doctors have offered me speech therapy so I can learn to speak patois again but I want to keep my accent because my family and friends have told me it suits my personality. “Some people say I sound like I’m from Birmingham and some say I sound like a well-spoken Jamaican – but no one has said anything negative. “Once I feel up to it I would like to get work doing voiceovers as everyone loves my accent .” She said: “We were coming back from a party when the crash happened. The driver’s side of the car took the impact so Christopher died and I was seriously injured as I was sitting behind him. “When I woke up from coma I had no idea what had happened. The doctor told me I had been in a serious crash and when I started speaking I realised I sounded different. “I have a MRI scan every three months to check the swelling on my brain hasn’t worsened and my neurologist said it doesn’t look like I’ll lose my British accent. “He said in all his years he has never seen this happen to a patient and I’m believed to be the only person in Jamaica with foreign accent syndrome. “My life truly has changed forever.” “I am learning to walk again but it will take a long time,” Deana-Rae said. “I was originally told it was would take two years for me to fully recover but it might take longer because my left femur is taking longer than expected to heal and coronavirus has set things back too.” Source A 31-year-old British woman Emily Egan had her life changed dramatically in January after suffering from a mysterious condition that left her unable to speak for two months. Egan who was born and raised in Essex, United Kingdom and speaks no foreign language, complained of headaches for two weeks before… June 24, 2020 In "Foreign" A woman who suffered a catastrophic brain injury and fell into a coma when her car collided with a school bus in the United Arab Emirates has woken up for the first time in almost three decades. Munira Abdulla was involved in the horrific road accident in 1991, having picked… April 24, 2019 In "Foreign" After I wrote my January 24, 2016 column titled “Those Annoyingly Fake Trans-Atlantic English Accents at Nigerian Airports,” I got feedback from readers that our airports had made changes and that announcers were now natural—and Nigerian—in their accents. However, on July 8, 2018, Waziri Adio, Executive Secretary of Nigeria Extractive… July 16, 2018 In "Features"