Barcelona  –  Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen took on Bayern Munich’s ManuelNeuer in a public row last year over the Germany goalkeeper’s jersey, the confrontation will be played out in Friday’sChampions League quarter-final. Only Lionel Messi can rival Ter Stegen, 28, for the title of Barca’s most decisive player in the last few seasons, but hisheroics for his club have not been enough to overhaul Neuer, 34, on the international stage. Neuer was sidelined for eight months in the build-up to the 2018 World Cup but slid right back into the team at Ter Stegen’sexpense in time for the tournament in Germany`s worst display since 1938 as they crashed out in the group stage. But Neuer remained Germany’s number one and captain, even as they underperformed in the UEFA Nations League andEuro 2020 qualifiers. Ter Stegen finally snapped in September after sitting on the bench against Northern Ireland and the Netherlands, saying: “Notplaying was a tough blow and it’s not easy to find an explanation.” Neuer was the first to strike his team mate down, saying Ter Stegen’s comments did not help team unity. The Barca keepercurtly responded that it was not up to Neuer to dictate how he should feel. In spite of a couple of high profile errors, Neuer is fresh from leading Bayern to a league and cup double and remainsconvinced he is the best in his position in the game despite his age. “I’m the best. Which coach wouldn’t pick the best players? I have no doubt I’m the best, even though I’m not 17 anymore,” hetold magazine 11Freunde in July. Ahead of Friday’s match in Lisbon, Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said Neuer was still the nation’s best keeper. “Germany is fortunate to have this pair of goalkeepers, although Neuer is truly world class and Ter Stegen is still on his way tothat level,” he said. But Former Germany defender Benedikt Howedes said there was no separating the two keepers, declaring: “It’s like comparingLionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo – they’re both great.” (Reuters/NAN) The reigning champions have opted against taking a Premier League title winner with them to Russia, but Manuel Neuer is included after injury issues Reigning champions Germany have made the stunning decision to leave Manchester City winger Leroy Sane out of their squad for World Cup 2018. The 22-year-old is… June 4, 2018 In "Sports" By Tim Hanlon BARCELONA  - Lionel Messi-inspired Barcelona overwhelmed Manchester City as Ivan Rakitic's strike secured a 1-0 win on Wednesday that sent the Spanish giants into the Champions League quarter-finals 3-1 on aggregate. Only a magnificent performance by goalkeeper Joe Hart saved City from a heavy defeat and Sergio… March 19, 2015 In "Sports" Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, Neymar, Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Muller have all been nominated for the latest Nissan-sponsored UEFA Champions League Goal of the Week. All five players scored sensational goals over the course of two absorbing semi-final ties involving four giants of the European game: Real Madrid, Juventus, Barcelona… May 15, 2015 In "Sports"