Actress Kate Henshaw has reacted after a fan claimed that some celebrities are collecting money to say that coronavirus is real. The actress reacted after she announced that she had taken a COVID-19 test, only for a fan to come and make the statement. “Just took my Covid test. Mehn its uncomfortable make I no lie. I was already in tears cos this @NseIkpeEtim told me it was painful. The lady was nice & gentle sha. Told me 2 take a deep breath while she stuck the swab stick deep inside my nose and take a deep breath”, she tweeted. The fan claimed that celebrities who say COVID-19 is real have been paid to propagate such. Responding to the claim, Kate Henshaw said: “Some1 now commented on my IG saying” all these celebrities that have been paid to say there is Covid, God will judge you ” If I land am better curse now shay they will say Kate has started again inside blogs. I just blocked the person and moved on. COVID IS REAL!!”. Source Nollywood actress, Kate Henshaw has wowed her fans after sharing adorable photos on her 48th birthday.  Kate Henshaw Nigerian actress, Kate Henhaw has shared beautiful photos as she celebrates her 48th birthday with friends and family.  The veteran actress in a birthday message to herself, said she was grateful for her career… July 19, 2019 In "Entertainment" According to a report by The PUNCH, a domestic worker, Oyindamola Alexander, has lost her job while being treated for the coronavirus disease, which she claimed to have contracted from her boss’ son. It was learnt that while Oyindamola was receiving treatment at the Lagos isolation centre in Onikan, the… April 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nigerian celebrities have expressed their condolences on the death of actor LinChung Duke Oliver, an actor in the hilarious sitcom comedy, ‘Do Good’ . The celebrities including Kate Henshaw, Uzor Osimkpa, Junior Pope, Kemi Lala Akindoju, Chioma Akpotha, Iretiola Doyle, Vivian Ada Ameh Ejike, also… April 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"