BBC Africa is currently receiving backlash for describing Akinwumi Adesina as a flamboyant Nigerian banker. The development followed Adesina’s re-election as the president of the African Development Bank (AfDB) on Thursday. Adesina, who was first elected on May 28, 2015, will start his new five-year term on September 1, 2020. Hours after his announcement as winner, BBC Africa sent a tweet on its verified handle. “Flamboyant Nigerian banker Akinwumi Adesina has been re-elected chairman of the African Development Bank (AfDB) after weathering a political storm over allegations of corruption,” the tweet read. Flamboyant Nigerian banker Akinwumi Adesina has been re-elected chairman of the African Development Bank (AfDB) after weathering a political storm over allegations of corruption.https://t.co/vQrRyHkPai pic.twitter.com/1XAh4HZ57g The post, as of the time of this report, has been retweeted over 1,500 times, and has 884 likes and 869 replies, many of which are reactions from people criticising the choice of words used to describe Adesina. Tolu Ogunlesi, special assistant on digital/new media to President Muhammadu Buhari, was among those who criticised the post. “Who signed off on this? This is far from BBC standard. 1. What’s the “flamboyant” doing here? 2. “Banker” is hardly the way to describe his professional life. 3. “President” of AfDB, not “Chairman”. Or are you people now into parody ni?” Ogunlesi asked. Below are more reactions. Who signed off on this? This is far from BBC standard.1. What’s the “flamboyant” doing here? 2. “Banker” is hardly the way to describe his professional life. 3. “President” of AfDB, not “Chairman”Or are you people now into parody ni? https://t.co/IoHzIWpN8n By "flamboyant" are you implying "less than sober"? Or "more sizzle than steak"?Or are you subconsciously implying that his sartorial splendor diminishes his competence?Or that his nice suits hide professional deficiencies?Churchill used to wear bowties. Was he flamboyant? Resist the urge. https://t.co/iE5vN4vUJL Source: TheCable •Dr Akinwunmi Adesina The President of the African Development Bank (AfDB), Akinwumi Adesina, hit back on Wednesday over accusations of corruption and vowed to continue working. In a press statement, Adesina slammed the “unprecedented attempts by some to tarnish my reputation” and declared “I will… continue to work with each… May 27, 2020 In "News" By Cecilia IjuoAbuja - Over 52 commodity associations under the auspices of the Federation of Agricultural Commodities Association of Nigeria (FACAN) have endorsed the reelection bid of Dr Akinwumi Adesina as President of African Development Bank (AfDB).The National Deputy President of the association, Mr Sheriff Balogun, made this known at… June 10, 2020 In "News" Siaka Momoh Nigeria's Agriculture and Rural Development  Minister Akinwumi Adesina  was on Thursday elected to be the new president of the African Development Bank, the pan-African lender announced in its Twitter account. Adesina will take over from outgoing bank president, Donald Kaberuka on September 1 to become the 50-year-old body's… May 28, 2015 In "News"