month over advanced capital market reform, Shanghai Securities News reported Tuesday. In July, IPOs in the country’s A-share market raised a record amount of 109.81 billion yuan (about 15.73 billion U.S. dollars), surpassing 100 billion yuan in a single month the first time, said the paper. A total of 52 firms were listed in July, accounting for 30 per cent of the total number of IPOs in the first seven months of 2020, which stood to 169. In breakdown, the main board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange attracted 35 listings while the Growth Enterprise Market of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange hosted 43 IPOs from January to July, the paper reported. Meanwhile, the STAR market, or the sci-tech innovation board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, saw 73 companies listed during the same period. The stock market posted stronger gains amid the robust IPO activities, the paper reported in July, the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index, Shenzhen Component Index and ChiNext Index, China’s NASDAQ-style board of growth enterprises, went up 10.9 per cent, 13.72 per cent and 14.65 per cent, respectively. Experts say that sufficient liquidity has created conditions for high-quality companies in different industries to raise funds in the A-share market, thus directing funds from the capital market to the real economy. (Xinhua/NAN) By Kazunori Takada and Elzio Barreto SHANGHAI/HONG KONG - The reopening of mainland China's IPO market with seven new listings announced on Tuesday is good news for investors, although analysts said brokerages could be forced to slash their earnings forecasts after a four-month hiatus in activity. The new offerings come… June 6, 2014 In "Business" BY ALEXEI ORESKOVIC AND DEEPA SEETHARAMAN SAN FRANCISCO - Alibaba gave investors a closer look at the scale and growth of the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut in an initial public offering (IPO) prospectus filed on Tuesday, the first step in what could be the largest technology debut in history. Alibaba Group… April 6, 2014 In "News" Sydney/Taipei/Beijing/Tokyo - Australian stocks plunged almost 4 per cent Monday wiping 60 billion Australian dollars (43.4 billion U.S. dollars) or two years of gains from the market. Mining, energy and finance stocks were the hardest hit amid fears concerning the ongoing plunge of shares in China. August is turning out… August 24, 2015 In "Foreign"