By: Hamza Suleiman Magumeri (Borno)  –  Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno on Tuesday urged communities to provide timely information to the military and other security agencies to enable them track down Boko Haram insurgents.Zulum made the call when he visited Magumeri Local Government Area to commiserate with the people over the Aug. 19 attack by Boko Haram insurgents.“It is very important for the citizens to support the Nigerian Military with intellegnce reports to enable them to track down the insurgents and their sympathisers.“Local intelligence is very important. Aside strengthening the Civilian Joint Task Force as a government, we will encourage our people to provide necessary information to the military and other security forces.”Zulum also directed the Ministry of Reconstruction, Rehabilitation and Resettlement (RRR) to liase with the Ministry of Health to rehabilitate the hospital and restore all facilities destroyed in the town.“We shall not be deterred in our efforts of Reconstruction, Rehabilitation and Resettlement, Commissioner of RRR, you have to ensure immediate re-renovation of this hospital.“Insha Allah, this administration shall not be deterred in building back all the infrastructures that were destroyed,” he said.According to him, affordable and quality health care delivery especially to the poor and vulnerable is one of the cardinal objectives of this administration.“As soon as the RRR ministry completes the renovation, we shall put back all the facilities that is destroyed.”We will also ensure that adequate personnel are also recruited into the hospital,” he said.Zulum also assured Magumeri residents of adequate security.“Government has been relating with the Nigerian military, the Nigerian Police to establish a strong security workforce in Magumeri,” he said. (NAN) By Rabiu Sani Jere. -. Borno Government has distributed fertilisers, seeds and other inputs to 100, 000 farmers for the 2019 cropping season. Gov. Babagana Zulum, who inaugurated the exercise at Muna Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), said the gesture was designed to assist farmers enhance access to inputs and encourage… July 3, 2019 In "News" By: Hamza Suleiman Magumeri(Borno state) - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno on Monday, distributed assorted food items and cash to 11,000 Internally Displaced Person(IDPs) in Magumeri Local Government Area of the state. Speaking while supervising the distribution of the items in Magumeri, capital of the Local Government Area, Zulum said… April 13, 2020 In "Politics" According to TheCable, the residents of Borno say they have lost confidence in the military over the lingering Boko Haram crisis. In an open letter signed by Hassan Boguma, a traditional ruler, the residents accused the military of not doing enough, saying Boko Haram now attacks without any countermeasure. The… August 26, 2019 In "News"