A customs officer and one other person were killed, on Thursday, when officers of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Oyo/Osun Command, clashed with some residents of Saki in Oyo State. A correspondent of News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the clash started when customs officers allegedly chased a smuggler, believed to be an indigene, into the town. The alleged smuggler was said to have died in the process. NAN gathered that the death of the alleged smuggler made some Saki residents attack the customs office, leading to the death of an officer. NAN reports that a vehicle belonging to the customs service was also burnt during the attack. The Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the Oyo/Osun command of NCS, Mr Abdullah Lagos, confirmed the incident on Friday. Lagos said that he was aware of the incident, but did not give further details. “We heard about the incident but we are yet to know what really happened, but all our officers are safe. “The mob burnt our Hilux van and another vehicle at our base in Saki,’’ he said. Also confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in Oyo State, SP Olugbenga Fadeyi, said the customs officer killed was a member of the Joint Task Force (JTF) and not in the customs patrol team as alleged. Fadeyi, who said he had yet to have the details of the incident, added that the Area Commander of Saki had positioned men in strategic locations in a bid to forestall further disturbance in the community. (NAN) Ibadan -  ‎The Oyo /Osun Area Command of the Nigeria Customs Services (NCS) on Wednesday said it generated no less than N12 billion between January and October . The Acting -Controller of the command, Mr Abdulsalam Hassan , disclosed this at a news conference where he reeled out efforts by… November 18, 2015 In "Business" Sokoto  -   The Nigeria Customs Service, Sokoto/Kebbi/Zamfara Area Command, has confirmed the death of a 35-year old man, Shu'aibu Lawal, in a clash between its operatives and smugglers on Illela-Gwadabawa-Sokoto road. The News Agency of Nigeria( NAN) reported that the Comptroller of the command, Mr Sani Madugu, confirmed it… February 29, 2016 In "News" Ibadan  -   The Comptroller General of Nigeria Customs Service(NCS), retired Col. Ibrahim Ali, has described the activities of smugglers in the Oke Ogun area of Oyo State as "daring and sophisticated.’’ The NCS boss, who was on a two-day working tour of Oyo/Osun Area Command of the Service, visited… April 6, 2016 In "News"