The Oyo State Police Command has announced a N500, 000 reward for any member of the public that is able to provide useful information that can lead to the rearrest of the serial killer suspect in Ibadan, Sunday Shodipe. The suspect has attracted national attention since he escaped from police custody last week. Journalists in Oyo State and joint campus student union leaders in the state are among groups that have protested his escape, describing it as unacceptable. Shodipe is believed to have murdered at least three persons, including two students, in Akinyele area of Ibadan from May to July. He was arrested, paraded and arraigned thereafter on July 17. But the court ordered him remanded in police custody instead of correctional custody due to COVID-19 preventive measures. He escaped on August 11. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, in a statement on Thursday, implored members of the public to cooperate with the police by volunteering useful information that can help rearrest Shodipe. He urged anyone with useful information on Shodipe to report to the nearest police station or contact the police command on 08035632410 or 07066003536. The Nation A serial killer, Sunday Shodipe (19), has narrated how he carried out the murders and got paid N500 for each. His confession comes after he was arrested in connection with the killings in Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo State, Speaking with Tribune Online during a parade of suspected criminals… July 17, 2020 In "Metro" By Muftau Ogunyemi   Akure -  The Police Command in Ondo State on Monday said it had arrested a fake lawyer, Mapayi Taye, for allegedly aiding the escape of two suspects from the custody of the Federal Anti-Robbery Squad (FSARS). The two escaped suspects are: Rotimi Adeleye and Bukola Adeoye.… August 6, 2018 In "Metro" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the deployment of additional investigative aids to re-arrest the prime suspect in the multiple murder of innocent citizens in Oyo State.The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on… August 19, 2020 In "News"