By Olayinka Owolewa Ilorin –  The Kwara Government will continue to partner with relevant stakeholders and individuals to promote sports development in the state, an official said on Tuesday in Ilorin. Attahiru Ibrahim, the Special Assistant on Sports Matters to Kwara’s Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRasaq, made this disclosure while declaring open a new sports business venture in the state. Attahiru said the state government was committed to repositioning sports, especially through the provision of sports facilities and motivation of athletes to perform optimally at all engagements. The governor’s aide also said plans were underway to resume sports activities in the state following the lockdown which trailed the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic in the country in February. “We however need the support of all and sundry, as government alone can not shoulder the responsibilities in the sector alone,’’ he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the sports business venture, Kazolinks Sports Consult International Limited, is owned by the immediate-past Director of Sports in the state, Tunde Kazeem. Kazeem said Kazolinks was established to provide services such as brand sponsorship and partnership, sports promotion and marketing. He added that the consulting firm would also engage in sports facilities’ construction, organisation of sports seminars and clinics, supply of quality and standard sports equipment, events management and general services. While speaking earlier at the opening of the consulting firm, Kazeem said the establishment of the organisation was to add value to sports development and promotion. “It is a platform deliberately introduced to collaborate with the Ministry of Sports and Youth Development, the Sports Council and other sports development agencies in and outside the state. “This outfit will absolutely explore all untapped opportunities and potential in sports through marketing, branding and sponsorship,’’ he said. Kazeem commended the state government, the Ministry of Sports and Youth Development, the Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Sunday Dare, and other stakeholders, for their support. The ceremony was graced by several sports stakeholders in the state.(NAN) By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin - The Kwara chapter of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) has donated 200 units of digital thermometers to the state government to help in the fight against coronavirus in the state. Chairman of the association, Dr Kolade Solagberu made this known in a statement on Friday… April 17, 2020 In "Health" By Olayinka Owolewa Ilorin - The Kwara Fish Farmers Association (KWAFFA) has called on the State Government to exclude their members from the total lockdown order imposed on the state to continue to provide protein food to residents. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq directed… April 10, 2020 In "News" There was gridlock on major roads in Ilorin, Kwara capital, on Monday, in spite of the lockdown across some states of the federation following coronavirus pandemic. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Correspondent, who monitored the level of compliance to the Kwara Government’s stay at home order, reports that there was… April 6, 2020 In "News"