By Ismaila Chafe Abuja –  The presidency has described as “a publicity stunt”, the widely circulated reports alleging that former Speaker Umar Ghali Na’Abba has been invited by the Department of State Service over his alleged comments on President Muhammadu Buhari. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, who stated this in a statement in Abuja on Sunday, urged the general public to ignore the claim. ”Our findings have revealed that Na’Abba’s invitation has nothing to do with his alleged utterances which, in any case, did not catch the attention of the Presidency, or of any serious politician for that matter. ”There are serious politicians who talk and the Presidency responds because such politicians make statements that must get attention. ”Flash-in-the-pan politicians and those who fabricate political relevance don’t bother anyone. ”We advise Na’Abba to distance the presidency from the situation he has found himself and sort himself out accordingly,” the statement said. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has alleged that President Muhammadu Buhari’s presidency reeks of corruption. The party disclosed this on Sunday in a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary And Director, Media & Publicity, PDP Presidential Campaign Organization, Kola Ologbondiyan sent to Sundiata… February 10, 2019 In "News" Says INEC’s double standard threatens 2019 elections Reminds that  First Ladies are Currently Facing Trial in Court Over Similar Allegations as this Should Not Be an Exception Buhari Presidency Notorious as a Den of Certificate Forgers and Persons of Questionable Character By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Peoples Democratic… September 27, 2018 In "News" (Sundiata Post) -- Former Vice President, Namadi Sambo, has denied claims by a former Speaker, House of Representatives, Hon. Ghali Umar Na’Abba, that when he (Na’Abba) raised the issue of the deteriorating state of education with him (Sambo), he went religious rather than addressing the matter. Na’Abba, who was one… July 6, 2018 In "News"