By Abujah Racheal Abuja –  The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has launched a digital platform to ensure speedy delivery of COVID-19 results in the Federal Capital Territory. Mrs Elsie Ilori, Head of Department, Surveillance and Epidemiology Department, NCDC, said this at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 briefing on Thursday in Abuja. Ilori said that the platform, called Surveillance Outbreak Response Management Analysis System (SORMAS), would be used to communicate directly to individuals through SMS alert. She noted that individuals would also get a code, to enable them to print their results if they wished to, while the authenticity of the result could be checked using a bar code. The director, however, noted that only negative results would be communicated through the platform for now, while positive results would be communicated through the health professionals. She said that the result was only be valid for 14 days from the day of sample collection. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Director General (DG) of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, on Thursday replied to critics who are comparing number of people tested in Nigeria to other countries, saying the strategy currently being employed in testing Nigerians for COVID-19… April 24, 2020 In "News" Abuja, Nigeria, 20 June 2020 -The EU and United Nationsreceived delivery of vital supplies to help the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. The shipment, along with others coming soon, are procured through the One UN COVID-19 Basket Fund with a significant contribution from the EU -and will be… June 20, 2020 In "News" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) says mental health plays important part in the fight against the novel Coronavirus (COVI9-19) pandemic outbreak in the country. Its Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known on Monday in Abuja at the Presidential Task Force briefing on… April 6, 2020 In "Health"