Following the suspension of 12 traditional rulers in Anambra State by the government for traveling outside the State without permission, there are moves by the government to replace two of them. Two of the traditional rulers, The Nation gathered Friday, are those of Mkpunando and Eziagulu -Otu Communities, both in Aguleri, Anambra East local government area of the State It was gathered that Governor Willie Obiano, had seen it as a slight for those Monarchs from his own territory to work against his administration. The Monarchs were suspended on August 11th, 2020 for traveling to Abuja to see President Muhammadu Buhari without approval from the State government In a statement by the Commissioner for Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs, Greg Obi, said the one year sanction could be renewed or upgraded in the intervening period, depending on government’s review of their conducts. The letter was copied to the Chairman of Anambra State traditional rulers’ council, led by the Obi of Onitsha, Alfred Achebe, the State Commissioner of Police and his DSS counterpart, among others However, the moves by the government to issue fresh certificates of recognition to two other monarchs as replacements, had started causing tension in those Communities The people of Eziagulu -Otu Community, Friday told The Nation that already, they had someone elected as their monarch before certificate was issued to the suspended monarch, adding that if such a thing should happen, the throne should go back to him. They mentioned the name of the person as Michael Enemuo, adding that it would be unfair by the government to choose another person for them, since the matter was still in Court. When contacted on Friday by The Nation, the State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C Don Adinuba, said it had not come to the notice of his office. However, he assured The Nation he would look into the matter. It was further gathered that the suspended monarch of the Community, had been in a battle with another over who was the rightful owner of the throne, but the State government issued Certificate of recognition to him. The Nation The battle of supremacy between Anambra Governor Willie Obiano and traditional rulers has heightened tension in the State. Obiano suspended 12 more traditional rulers for visiting President Muhammadu Buhari last week. He had suspended monarch of Ukwulu, Igwe Peter Uyanwa, over alleged petitions from his community. He also withdrew the… August 13, 2020 In "News" By Francis Onyeukwu Awka -  Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra has warned those parading themselves as traditional rulers without symbols of authority in the state to desist from such acts or face the full wrath of the law. Obiano gave the warning on Thursday in Awka, while presenting Certificates of… July 27, 2018 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - One of the 12 traditional rulers suspended by Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, has confessed to have erred, asking the governor to forgive him. Igwe MacAnthony Okonkwo, of Alor Community, Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State, openly apologised to Obiano and the Traditional Rulers’… August 16, 2020 In "News"