The Department of State Services (DSS) has invited Tony Adun, aka Kabaka and nine other leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo for a peace meeting on Saturday ahead of the September 19 governorship election. The meeting fixed for 11 am holds at the DSS’ Edo state headquarters at No. 1, Court Road, Government Reservation Area (GRA), Benin. The invitation from the DSS in Edo, headed by Waziri Mohammed, according to sources, was part of efforts to ensure peace during the crucial poll. Though 14 political parties would participate in the poll, it is believed to be a two-horse race between Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP’s) Godwin Obaseki and APC’s Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. The letter from DSS dated August 20, 2020, with reference number: 171/B/122, addressed to Adun, reads: “I am directed to invite you to an important meeting with the State Director of Security. “You (Adun) are to come with the following persons: Osakpamwan Eriyo, National Chairman RTEAN; Ehis Adams, APC Leader Oredo; Osaro Idahosa APC Leader, Ikpoba-Okha; Okunbor Roberts, APC Leader, Ovia South West LGA; Atarodo, APC member; Kingsley Amedo, APC member; Richard Obe, APC member; Osarobo Idehen, APC member; and Dr. Emma, APC member.” One of the invited APC leaders, who spoke in confidence in Benin, confirmed receiving the letter of invitation assuring it would be honoured. The Nation By Imelda Osayande Benin -   The Youth Wing of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Edo has passed a vote of confidence on Gov. Godwin Obaseki, for involving youths in his policy initiative and programmes. APC Edo Youth Leader, Comrade Valentine Asuen made this known while speaking with newsmen… July 18, 2018 In "Politics" By Oloniruha Emmanuel and Yetunde Bada Abuja -  The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to direct security agencies to provide full security for Saturday’s governorship election in Edo rather than postpone the exercise. This is contained in a statement signed by the party’s National Publicity… September 8, 2016 In "Politics" The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the upcoming Edo State governorship election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has debunked reports that the impeachment of the former Speaker of the state’s House of Assembly, Francis Okiye, was conducted in his house. Ize-Iyamu also accused the Edo State governor, Mr… August 7, 2020 In "Politics"