The Ogun state governor, Dapo Abiodun,has stated that the COVID-19 test for returning students which was earlier amounted at N25, 000 per student, will now be done for free. Recall that parents of the students of private schools in the state staged a peaceful protest on Sunday, August 2, after they were informed that the test which is mandatory for all returning student, would cost N25, 000. A statement from the state governor, Dapo Abiodun, announcing the reversal reads; “The State has been very apprehensive about the issue of school opening even for exit students. Data from other countries, where schools have resumed show that community transmission in school environments is a major concern. Even countries with stronger health care facilities than ours are being very cautious. In line with the Federal Ministry of Education recommendation and WASSCE timetable, we decided to open our schools on the 4thAugust 2020 for SS3 students only. We put in place guidelines that would ensure that our students resume in a safe environment. In our pre-opening engagements with stakeholders, opening of boarding houses was discussed. Our State has one of the largest population of boarding students in the country, coming from all over the Country. After consultations with health professionals, we concluded that testing the children for COVID-19 before admittance will reduce the risk of community transmission. This is to reassure parents and even teachers of the safety of everybody concerned. The State planned and provided testing, free of charge, for boarding students in our public schools and allowed for the management and parents of private schools to make their arrangements to get COVID tests. The two Ogun State run laboratories have a capacity for about 500 tests a day and conduct free tests for traced contacts or symptomatic patients. To meet the additional demand for the expected number of boarding students, the statement from the Ogun State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology listed some private test centers which set up sampling points in some of our Health facilities. These private laboratories have been accredited by NCDC and Lagos State Government for walk-in tests and charge N50,400 per test but I understand that the Ministries of Health and Education negotiated this to N25,000 for boarding students in private schools that may wish to use them. There is no financial benefit to the State Government. After reviewing these developments, I have today immediately directed that the Government Laboratories carry out test for all returning SS3 boarding students at no cost. I have also directed that all those who have paid for tests be refunded. The health of our children remains our utmost priority, however in view of the total number of boarding students to be tested (5,340private and 500 public), and bearing in mind the limitation of our installed testing capacity of 500 tests per day, it may not be feasible for all boarding students to get tested and get their results prior to resumption or even exams which commence on 17th August 2020. Consequently the State Government has therefore stepped down the COVID-19 test as a mandatory requirement for returning students in our exit classes. We therefore enjoin Private School owners to exercise their duty of care to their pupils. The admittance of students into boarding house in private secondary schools will be at the discretion of the management and the Parents Teachers Association (PTA) of such private schools. Ogun State Government recommends that students who do not have to stay in the boarding house should attend school from home, especially those with underlying health conditions. I have also directed the provision of face masks to all students in both private and public schools”. Source Although this column has not really focused on Ogun state per se as it did for states such as Lagos - epicentre of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nigeria, - Kano, Rivers and Cross River states, Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun state has been one of the governors known for their pro-activeness… August 4, 2020 In "Opinion" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun has congratulated Oluwatomilola Mustapha, a 400 level student of Tai Solarin University of Education (TASUED), Ijebu-Ode, for winning the 4,000 dollars Global Social Entrepreneur Award. The 2020 Tei Kaihau Social Entrepreneur Award was held at the virtual Global Enterprise Experience… June 28, 2020 In "Education" By Abiodun Lawal Igbesa (Ogun) - Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun has assured students in the state of adequate welfare package during the lockdown in place as a result of the Coronavirus pandemic.Abiodun gave the assurance on Sunday, during the distribution of relief materials to some students of Gateway ICT… May 17, 2020 In "Politics"