Malian army officer Colonel Assimi Goita announced himself on Wednesday as the coup leader who overthrew President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita. “Let me introduce myself, I am colonel Assimi Goita, chairman of the National Committee for the salvation of the People,” he said after meeting top civil servants. The colonel had appeared among a group of officers seen on television overnight Tuesday-Wednesday to announce the takeover, but did not speak. Coup chiefs meanwhile called on the public to return to normal life, warned against acts of “vandalism” and threatened to punish any soldier found guilty of extortion. But they made no reference to the detained leaders or their whereabouts. The dramatic events in one of Africa’s most volatile countries began early Tuesday, when rebel officers mutinied at a base near Bamako and headed into the city, where they detained Keita and Cisse. Hours later, Keita – beset by angry protests over economic stagnation, corruption and a brutal Islamist insurgency — announced his resignation. He said he had been given no other choice but to quit, and sought to avoid bloodshed. Jubilant crowds had cheered the rebels on Tuesday as they arrived in the capital Bamako. (AFP) Mali has been suspended from the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) decision making bodies with immediate effect. ECOWAS decision followed the recent military forceful takeover of government in that country. Besides, the Coupist have been denied all kind of legitimacy by the regional body, while also demanding the… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign" Mali President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita resigned on Tuesday and dissolved parliament hours after mutinying soldiers detained him at gunpoint, plunging a country already facing a jihadist insurgency and mass protests deeper into crisis. Looking tired and wearing a surgical mask, Keita resigned in a brief address broadcast on state television… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - Chief Peter Ameh, Chairman, Inter Party Advisory Council of Nigeria (IPAC), has condemned the recent military take over of the democratic government in Mali. Ameh condemned the coup in a statement issued by the council’s National Legal Adviser,Chukwudi Ezeobika, on Wednesday in Abuja. The IPAC… August 19, 2020 In "News"