A popular Indian TV actor, Sameer Sharma is dead. The actor was found dead at his Malad home in Mumbai this week, PTI reports. The 44-year-old actor, who was living alone after separating from his wife, was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his kitchen at around 9 pm on Wednesday, August 5. His body was discovered by a watchman who glanced at his kitchen window and spotted him hanging. He alerted residents around, who informed the police. When Police arrived at the scene, they took the actor to a hospital where doctors declared him ‘brought dead.’ “Efforts are on to get in touch with the family of the actor, who had been living alone since February,” Malad police station’s senior inspector George Fernandes told PTI. “We have not found any suicide note at the spot. It seems to be a suicide case. It is suspected that he hanged himself two days back. We have sent the body for an autopsy, he added.” He also said that an Accidental Death Report (ADR) has been registered and further investigations are underway. Police will go through the actor’s medical files and financial statements to investigate if he had any challenges. Sameer Sharma was popular for his role in TV shows like Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi, Left Right Left, Jyoti, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon – Ek Baar Phir among others. He also starred in 2014 romantic drama Hasee Toh Phasee which had Sidharth Malhotra and Parineeti Chopra in the lead roles. Several Bollywood stars including Varun Dhawan, Mouni Roy, Esha Gupta, Gautam Rode, and many others have taken to social media to mourn the actor. Source Mumbai (India) - Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput, who won acclaim for his role in the 2016 biopic of then Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, was found dead at his home in Mumbai on Sunday, police said. He was 34 years old. “It pains us to share that Sushant… June 14, 2020 In "Entertainment" India - A popular Bollywood actor, Kushal Punjabi, 37 has reportedly committed suicide after he was found dead at his residence.  According to local media reports in India, the body of the Bollywood actor was found hanging in his Mumbai home, India on the night of Thursday, December 26th.  His… December 27, 2019 In "Foreign" By Sam Oditah Umuahia - A 50-year-old man, identified as Chukwudi Maduka has allegedly committed suicide at Umuezu-Ore Umuana village in the Uhuahia North Local Government Area of Abia. The Public Relations Officer of the Abia State Police Command, SP. Geoffrey Ogbonna, confirmed the development in an interview with the… May 19, 2020 In "Metro"