By Auwalu Yusuf -Birnin Kudu Bauchi –  No fewer than 320 candidates under the umbrella of the Peoples’ Democratic Party PDP in Bauchi state are to contest for various elective positions in the forthcoming local government elections. Malam Yayanuwa Zainabari, spokesman of the party made this known in Bauchi on Tuesday when he addressed newsmen on the aftermath of the party’s primary elections conducted recently . According to him, 20 people will contest for local government chairmanship position while 300 are to contest councillorship position. He said the party would, out of its magnanimity and desire for cohesion and internal democracy, refund the nomination forms fees of all those who contested the primaries and lost. News Agency of Nigerian (NAN) reports that the nomination forms for the chairmanship position was obtained at the cost of N600,000 while that of councillorship cost N90,000. Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission has fixed Oct.17 for the council polls in the state. NAN By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As a way of encouraging women's participation in politics,  the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP), Delta State chapter has made nomination forms free-of-charge for female politicians who would be running for elective positions in the forthcoming 2018 local government elections in the state. Chairman… October 8, 2017 In "Politics" Yola   -   All Progressives Congress (APC) in Adamawa has extended the closing date for the sales of nomination forms to aspirants in the state local government elections. The chairman of the committee for the sales of forms, Alhaji Ahmed Lawan, announced the extension on Saturday at a news… April 16, 2016 In "Politics" Yola  -   Two factions of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), have commenced sale of nomination forms to aspirants wishing to contest the local government elections in June in Adamawa The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that former executive under Chief Joel Madaki has been selling the forms to aspirants.… May 20, 2016 In "Politics"