BBNaija Housemate, Kiddwaya opened up to his lover Erica what he will do if she decides to date Laycon, who is also her love interest. Kiddwaya said he would always be there for her for emotional support. He made this known to her during a conversation the their Head of House lounge. According to Kiddwaya, if Erica ends up dating Laycon, he would still talk to her and be there for her and that he would not withdraw. “Whether we are in a relationship or flirting, if it all stops I’m here for emotional support. If you end up dating Laycon, I will still talk to you. I’m not stubborn, I won’t withdraw, won’t watch you crumble or use my jealousy to make you suffer.” Watch the video below: Kidd to Erica-whether we are in a relationship or flirting, if it all stops I’m here for emotional support. If U end up dating Laycon I will still talk to U. I’m not stubborn,I won’t withdraw, won’t watch U crumble or use my jealousy to make u suffer. Laycon  #Kiddrica #BBNaija pic.twitter.com/yO1VRcg7br — Twinkerrel (@twinkerell) August 13, 2020 Kidd to Erica-whether we are in a relationship or flirting, if it all stops I’m here for emotional support. If U end up dating Laycon I will still talk to U. I’m not stubborn,I won’t withdraw, won’t watch U crumble or use my jealousy to make u suffer. Laycon  #Kiddrica #BBNaija pic.twitter.com/yO1VRcg7br Source BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica's attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija housemate, Praise has advised Laycon to move ahead with his feeling for Erica. This comes after Laycon had declared his intention to be in a relationship with Erica. However, Erica turned him down saying she is only mentally attracted to him. Laycon since then has suffered rejection and has… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija housemate, Erica has during a recent conversation with TolaniBaj and Vee, spoken about her feelings towards Laycon and Kiddwaya. During the conversation, Erica disclosed how she’s mentally attracted to Laycon and physically attracted to Kiddwaya. Erica expressed how she really desires to have a guy with Kidd’s… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment"