The Lagos State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has confirmed that a former Commissioner for Finance in the state, Tokunbo Abiru, is the party’s consensus candidate for the forthcoming Lagos East Senatorial bye-election. The party’s state Assistant Publicity Secretary, Abiodun Salami, gave the confirmation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)on Friday in Lagos . He said the choice of Mr Abiru, who recently stepped down as CEO of Polaris Bank, was agreed upon by party elders, including the APC National Leader, Bola Tinubu. Mr Salami said Mr Abiru had been successfully screened at the party secretariat, adding that all the other aspirants had stepped down for him in agreement with the party. “Mr Abiru is the consensus candidate of the party; it is confirmed. “The elders, under the platform of Governor’s Advisory Council met and consulted widely and they resolved on the choice of Abiru as the consensus candidate. “The choice has been endorsed by the National Leader of the party, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu; all the other aspirants have stepped down in agreement, it was a unanimous decision, “he said. Mr Salami said the party would, notwithstanding, still follow the process of affirmation to validate the choice of Mr Abiru as the APC flag bearer for Lagos East Senatorial District. On Kosofe 2 state constituency bye-election which will also hold on Oct. 31, Mr Salami said the party’s candidate would soon emerge. He said a lot of work was going on to produce an acceptable flagbearer for the state constituency election. Mr Salami described APC as the party of the people, saying the party will win both the senatorial and state constituency bye-elections. NAN reports that the Lagos East Senatorial District became vacant following the death of Senator Bayo Osinowo, representing the area, on June 15. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) also declared the Kosofe 2 state constituency seat vacant following the death of Tunde Braimoh, the lawmaker representing the area, on July 10. (NAN) By Bolaji Buhari Lagos - The Lagos State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday said it had no hand in the leadership crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) in the state. The Assistant Publicity Secretary of APC in the state, Mr Abiodun Salami, made the clarification in… April 17, 2019 In "Politics" Lagos- A former Minister for Works, Sen. Adeseye Ogunlewe, on Sunday said the PDP would provide the peoples’ governorship candidate for Lagos State on Dec. 8. Ogunlewe, who is member of the Lagos PDP Elders Council, said this at a news conference ahead of its governorship primaries slated for Monday.… December 7, 2014 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Ahead of the All Progressive Congress, APC gubernatorial primaries billed for September 29th, leaders, elders and stakeholders of the party in Delta North Senatorial district of the state have endorsed Prof. Pat Utomi as its Consensus candidate to square up with other governorship… September 27, 2018 In "Top Stories"