By Adebayo Olawunmi Lagos  – The management of Nasarawa United Football Club on Monday said it would be difficult for the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) to replace the late Tolulope Abe who died on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the late Abe was Head of NFF’s ICT Unit until his death in Abuja. The Lafia-based club’s Media Officer, Eche Amos, in a statement disclosed that their Chairman, Isaac Danladi, expressed grief and shock at Abe’s sudden demise. “This is a sad moment, even though death is inevitable. The sudden departure of Abe came to me and the entire members of the club as a rude shock,” he said. Danladi, who is also Chairman of the NPFL Club Owners’ Association, described the deceased as a quintessential gentleman with great reputation, multiple competencies and one who was dedicated to service. “The late NFF Head of ICT was nice to all and sundry, and it will be difficult to find his replacement. “I herewith extend my condolences to all those affected by the death of Abe, especially the NFF and his immediate family, and beg God for the repose of the soul of the deceased. “Only God can console all of those he left behind. It is also our earnest prayer that his soul finds eternal repose in heaven,’’ Danladi was quoted as saying. (NAN) Abuja   -   Kashimawo Laloko, the Assistant Technical Director of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), said on Saturday that the country's football has suffered another setback following the death of Coach Shaibu Amodu. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Amodu, a foremr Super Eagles coach, who died… June 11, 2016 In "News" The death of 66 year old Former Nigeria international and football administrator Taiwo Ogunjobi has been announced today, 11th February 2019, after a brief illness. Ogunjobi before his death, was the Chairman of the Osun State FA. Ogunjobi is well remembered for his role as the General Secretary of the… February 11, 2019 In "Features" Abuja  -   Former President of the Senate, Sen. David Mark has expressed shock over the sudden death of Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF) Technical Director and Former Super Eagles Head Coach, Amodu Shuaibu. This is contained in a statement signed by Paul Mumeh, Media Assistant to Mark and made… June 11, 2016 In "Top Stories"