By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja  –  The All Progressives Congress (APC) has called on opposition political parties to support the independence of the judiciary, Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), security services and other critical state institutions. APC’s Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yekini Nabena, said in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday that this was necessary to ensure hitch-free governorship poll in Edo on September 19. Nabena urged the opposition parties to emulate President Muhammadu Buhari, who ensured free and fair elections in the opposition states in the 2019 general elections. He said “President Muhammadu Buhari’s declaration that the All Progressives Congress (APC) could have used the military and other security services to overrun opposition states in the 2019 general election but chose free, fair elections, is a solid pointer that in the current administration, the days of stolen and procured electoral mandates are fast fading. “Critical state institutions such as the judiciary, INEC and security services have been the ultimate beneficiaries of the president’s impartiality and non-interference.’’ (NAN) By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja - Mr Yekini Nabena, Deputy National Publicity Secretary, All Progressives Congress (APC), has urged Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) not give the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) undue advantage in Bauchi governorship election. Nabena, who made the call in a statement on Monday in Abuja, said that… March 19, 2019 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday in Abuja presented a Certificate of Return to President Muhammadu Buhari, winner of the Feb. 23 Presidential election. The certificate was presented to the President by the Returning Officer of the election, who is also the Chairman… February 27, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has reiterated his determination to ensure a level-playing field for all contestants into political offices in 2019 general elections. The president said this when he received a delegation from International Republican and National Democratic Institute, United States of America, at the… December 18, 2018 In "Politics"