By Ugochi Ugochukwu Abuja –   Two labourers, Jarvishima Azuua and Wisdom Peter, who allegedly stole N20,000 and four cell phones, were on Tuesday docked at a Lugbe Grade 1 Area Court, Abuja. Both defendants, who reside at Lugbe Airport Road, Abuja, are facing a three-count charge of joint act, criminal trespass and theft. The offences contravened the provisions of Sections 79, 348 and 288 of the Penal Code. The Prosecutor, Ijeoma Ukagha, told the court that the matter was reported at the Lugbe Police Station, Abuja, on July 24 by the trio of Frank Ezeudeze, Chisom Nwaokike and Chukwuemeka Nwasanyi, all of Gzidu Road, Moon & Star Hotel, Abuja. Ukagha said that the defendants and one Gadafi, surname unknown and now at large, criminally trespassed into the complainant’s hotel without their consent. She said that the defendants stole N20,000 and four cell phones, all valued at N289, 000. The prosecutor said that during police investigation, the four cell phones, stolen from the hotel, were recovered from the defendants. The defendants, however, denied committing the offences. The Judge, Mr Abubakar Sadiq, granted them bail of N10,000 and a surety each in like sum. Sadiq said that the sureties must have reasonable means of livelihood and reside within the court’s jurisdiction, which must be verified by the police orderly. He adjourned the case until Aug. 24 for hearing. (NAN) By Nana Musa Abuja - A Grade I Area Court Karmo , Abuja, on Thursday ordered  that four friends, who allegedly stole 600 dollar, 325 Euros and N140,000 be remanded in prison, pending hearing in bail application. The Judge, Mr Inuwa Maiwada, remanded Esther  and Victor Yohanna, Izu Obi and… May 30, 2019 In "Metro" By Ugochi Ugochukwu Joy Abuja -  A 22-year-old sales representative, Aniebiet Christian, was on Friday arraigned in a Lugbe Magistrates’ Court, Abuja, over alleged N210, 000 fraud. Christian of Garden Hotel Lugbe, Abuja, is facing charges bordering on criminal breach of trust, cheating and theft. The prosecutor, Mrs Ukoha Ndidi,… September 21, 2018 In "Metro" By Joy Kaka Abuja   -      The Police on Wednesday arraigned five friends in a Kubwa Grade1 Area Court over alleged theft of cell phones worth N300, 000. The defendants, Uchemba Eze, Anthony Okoh, Godwin Fredrick, Adio Oyigocho and Bernard Okoh are charged with four counts of criminal conspiracy, trespass, house… November 14, 2018 In "Metro"