Turkish President, Recep Erdogan has issued a decree to reconvert a 6th century church-turned-museum in Istanbul into a mosque. It is located a few kilometres from the famous Hagia Sophia that was opened to Muslim prayers in July. A presidential decree published Friday on the official gazette, orders the Chora Museum to be opened for Islamic prayers. Just like Hagia Sophia, the museum will be handed over to Turkey’s religious authority Diyanet. Dpa reports that the building, also known as the Church of the Holy Saviour, was turned into an Ottoman Mosque in the 16th century. In November 2019, Turkey’s top administrative court annulled the 1945 decision, paving the way for its conversion into a mosque. The United States, European Union, Russia, UNESCO, and church leaders opposed the change in status of Hagia Sophia. They wanted it to remain a cultural landmark for both Christians and Muslims. But Erdogan dismissed their opposition, calling it interference in Turkey’s sovereignty rights. The Nation Istanbul - Turkish President Recep Erdogan, on Friday issued a decree to reconvert into a mosque, a 6th century church-turned-museum in Istanbul, a few kilometres from the famous Hagia Sophia that was opened to Muslim prayers in July.A presidential decree published on the official gazette, orders the Chora Museum to… August 21, 2020 In "Foreign" Diyarbakir - Turkey resumed mass prayers at a limited number of mosques on Friday after a break of more than two months, as Ankara eased restrictions imposed to curb the coronavirus outbreak. Turkey suspended prayers in March among a range of measures including stay-at-home orders, travel bans and closures of… May 29, 2020 In "Foreign" Istanbul - A suicide bombing on Tuesday in the tourist heart of Istanbul left 10 dead, with officials saying the attacker was a man with links to Syria. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] Deputy Prime Minister Numan confirmed that foreigners are among the dead, but did not specify nationalities, rather he only identified… January 12, 2016 In "Foreign"