Vienna  –  Austrian Foreign Minister, Alexander Schallenberg, on Friday supported calls from other European Union member states to consider sanctions against Belarus. The call for sanction is in response to a violent crackdown on post-election protests. The sanctions would have to be targeted against those responsible for the violence against protesters, arbitrary detentions and internet blockades, Schallenberg told ORF radio. Alexander Lukashenko, in power since 1994, claimed victory in Sunday’s presidential election with around 80 per cent of the vote. The victory claim is triggering clashes between security forces and opposition supporters in which at least two protesters have died, and thousands, being detained. EU foreign ministers will meet on Friday at 1300 GMT via a video call to discuss sanctions. Czech Prime Minister, Andrej Babis, said the election should be rerun. (Reuters/NAN) KINSHASA   -       The European Union renewed sanctions on Monday against the ruling coalition’s candidate for presidential elections in Democratic Republic of Congo, Emmanuel Ramazani Shadary, and 13 other senior officials. The decision is likely to worsen relations between the EU and President Joseph Kabila’s government, which has… December 10, 2018 In "Foreign" By Kirsti Knolle and Alexandra Schwarz-Goerlich VIENNA   - Austria's far-right presidential candidate Norbert Hofer sees Donald Trump's U.S. victory as proof that he is on the right track with his populist Austria-first election campaign that includes calls to stop immigration. "Wherever the elites distance themselves from voters, those elites… November 17, 2016 In "Foreign" By Aaron Ross, Patricia Zengerle and Arshad Mohammed KINSHASA/WASHINGTON  - Concerned over Congolese President Joseph Kabila's apparent attempts to cling to power, U.S. officials are pushing for sanctions against his inner circle but running into opposition from European powers wary of moving too quickly. Kabila is ineligible to stand in… June 7, 2016 In "Foreign"