By Adebisi Fatima Shittu Ibadan –   An Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court in Ibadan on Tuesday remanded a commercial bus driver, Babatunde Ogunlade, in the State Criminal Investigation Department for allegedly attempting to kidnap his 13 passengers. Chief Magistrate Emmanuel Idowu, who did not take the plea of Ogunlade, ordered that the case file be sent to the Oyo State Directorate of Public Prosecutions for legal advice. Idowu adjourned the case till Sept. 30 for mention. Ogunlade, 38, whose address was not provided, is facing a two-count charge of conspiracy and attempt to kidnap. The Prosecutor, ASP Sanwo Bamise, had earlier told the court that the defendant committed the offences with some others still at large on Aug. 4 at 11:30a.m. at Aba-Odo area of Ibadan. Bamise alleged that the defendant attempted to kidnap Ayodele Muibat Rukayat Sulaimon, Halimat Ayodele, Funmilayo Ogundayomi, Wasilat Adewale, Muminat Balogun, Ajayi Mary and Kasali Adekola. Others, he said, were Ayodele Tolani, Omolola Olaogun, Ayodele Lekan, Bose Raji and Taofeek Ayinde,. He said that the defendant, who drove a Toyota Hiace Bus marked SMK 255 XX , diverted his vehicle to Oyo Road instead of the Lagos destination of the passengers without their consent. Bamise said the offences contravened Section 516 of the Criminal Law of Oyo State, 2000 and Section 5 of the Oyo State Kidnapping ( Prohibition) Law, 2016. (NAN) An Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court, Ibadan, on Tuesday ordered that four men, accused of strangling a woman to death be remanded in Agodi Prison, pending legal advice. The Chief Magistrate, Mr Emmanuel Idowu, who did not take the pleas of Dotun Ogunlade, 24; Mutiu Ayorinde, 32; Samuel Ayorinde, 34; and… June 25, 2019 In "Metro" By Adebisi Sogbade-Shittu Ibadan - An Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday remanded a commercial motorcyclist, Gbenga Oduola, at the Agodi Correctional Centre for allegedly raping his female passenger and beheading her five-year-old son. The plea of the 37-year-old defendant was not taken by the court. The Chief Magistrate, Mr… December 30, 2019 In "Metro" By Mabel Yakubu Kaduna, - A Kaduna Chief Magistrates’ Court on Friday ordered that two farmers, who allegedly attempted kidnap a trader, be remanded in a correctional centre, pending legal advice. The police charged Idris Umaru, 20 and Surajo Sani, 25, who both live in Galadima village, Giwa LGA of… September 6, 2019 In "Metro"