The West Africa Examination Council, WAEC, has opened up on reports about its papers for the ongoing West Africa Senior School Certificate Examination, WASSCE, getting leaked. Denying the claim, the examination council stated that none of its papers got leaked by its officials. Instead, it accused invigilators of being behind the leak of its papers. WAEC revealed that the examination questions seen outside the hall while papers are ongoing are as a result of mobile phones smuggled into the examination halls and used to snap question papers. This is contained in a statement issued by Demainus Ojijeogu, the Head of Public Affairs, WAEC. “There has been no leakage of any paper, whatsoever. Some have even gone ahead to misquote the head of the National Office of WAEC Nigeria, Mr. Patrick Areghan, as confirming the same. “This is far from the truth and we take very strong exception to it. “The council’s monitoring/investigations have revealed that some unscrupulous and unpatriotic supervisors/invigilators, and in some cases, candidates, snap the question papers (while the examination is in progress) and forward to their outside collaborators who in turn, provide solutions to the questions which they send to their subscribers via criminally-inclined websites, SMS and WhatsApp, even as this is against our regulation of: use of cell phones in the examination hall is not allowed,” the statement read. Source By Funmilayo Adeyemi   Abuja   -     The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has cautioned candidates in the ongoing West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) against fraudsters, who are bent on jeopardising the performance of the examination. Mr Demianus Ojijeogu, Head of Public Affairs, WAEC, gave the warning in a… September 13, 2018 In "News" Abuja(SundiataPost)-The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has condemned the activities of fraudsters in the country. The body said their criminal acts were capable of jeopardizing the performance of gullible candidates in the ongoing WASSCE for Private Candidates, 2018-Second Series in Nigeria. Mr. Demianus Ojijeogu, Head, Public Affairs in a statement… September 13, 2018 In "Education" Abuja (SundiataPost) – The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has urged the Federal Government to enact a law that would enable it to demobilise networks in all centres during the conduct of its examinations. The Head, Public Affairs of the council, Mr Damianus Ojijeogu, made the appeal in an interview… September 16, 2018 In "Education"