Tokyo  -Oil prices fell on Thursday as major producers warned of a risk to demand recovery if the coronavirus crisis is prolonged as U.S. crude inventories dropped less than expected. Brent crude was down 36 cents, or 0.8 per cent at $45.01 a barrel by 0442 GMT, having slipped 0.2 per cent in the previous session. U.S. oil was down 38 cents, or 0.9 per cent at $42.55 a barrel, after inching higher on Wednesday. Stockpiles of crude in the U.S. fell a fourth straight week, even as net imports rose, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) said on Wednesday. However, the 1.6 million-barrel decline for the week to Aug. 14 was less than a Reuter’s poll showing expectations for a 2.7 million-barrel fall. Fuel demand was down 14 per cent from the year-earlier period over the last four weeks, the EIA data also showed. Global oil demand should recover to pre-pandemic levels as soon as the fourth quarter, the Saudi Energy minister said on Wednesday, while urging the Kingdom’s OPEC+ partners to comply with a deal to cut output. Saudi Energy Minister, Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman, was speaking at a virtual meeting of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and allies such as Russia – a grouping known as OPEC+. The meeting was reviewing compliance with production cuts and left output reductions unchanged. “The positive outcome from the OPEC+ meeting was counter-balance to the EIA reporting that U.S. oil inventories last week fell by (less than the) consensus,’’ said Avtar Sandu, Senior Manager, Commodities at Phillip Futures. Still, a draft OPEC+ statement, seen by Reuters, said a second extended wave of the pandemic posed a major risk for the oil market recovery. The group pressed members such as Nigeria and Iraq to do more to meet their quota commitments after they exceeded them between May and July. OPEC on its own, in past decades, generally produced well over 30 million barrels per day (bpd) of oil but after this year’s cuts its output has fallen to 20 million to 22 million bpd. (Reuters/NAN) Tokyo and Sydney - Oil markets fell on Thursday despite a surprise decline in U.S. inventories, but the price drops were tempered by a smaller-than-expected reduction in gasoline stocks and ongoing OPEC-led supply cuts. Brent crude futures were at 71.43 dollars a barrel at 0700 GMT, down 19 cents or… April 18, 2019 In "Business" London -  Oil prices fell more than four per cent on Thursday, hitting their lowest in more than a year on worries about oversupply and the outlook for energy demand as a U.S. interest rate rise knocked stock markets. Equities dropped worldwide after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates and… December 20, 2018 In "Foreign" Singapore - Oil prices fell on Thursday, pulled down by record U.S. crude production that led to a surge in stockpiles. Spot Brent crude oil futures were at 71.81 dollars per barrel at 0655 GMT, 35 cents, or 0.5 per cent, below their last close. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI)… May 2, 2019 In "Foreign"