By David Adeoye  Ibadan – Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Thursday swore in Mr Idowu Oyeleke, as the new commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources. Oyeleke replaced the former Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources, Kehinde Ayoola, who died on May 14, after a brief illness. Performing the ceremony at Government House, Agodi, Ibadan, the governor said the appointment of Oyeleke was purely on merit. Makinde said that whatever was due to any resident of the state irrespective of his or her political or religious affiliations would be given to such individual. He urged the new commissioner to see his appointment as an assignment for the entire state, and not an opportunity to benefit only his geo-political zone. “This is Oyo state assignment and also a difficult assignment because there is a new waste management architecture in the state,” he said. Makinde expressed optimism that the new commissioner was up to the task and would ensure clean environment for the people of the state. Speaking with newsmen after the event, Oyeleke thanked the govenor for giving him the opportunity and privilege to serve the people and pledged not to betray the trust. He noted that the ministry had a huge task to perform as a result of the attitude of the people toward waste disposal. “By the grace of God I will immediately embark on public enlightenment to let our people appreciate that cleanliness is next to godliness. “At the same time, I will put in place a number of measures to change the environment and make it cleaner, safer and healthier,” the commissioner said. (NAN) By Oluwaseyi Oduneye-Ogunwomoju Ibadan - The Oyo State House of Assembly, on Thursday, confirmed that the name of Dr Lateef Idowu-Oyeleke had been forwarded to it for screening as commissioner nominee.Consequently, it has fixed the screening of the commissioner-nominee for Aug 11.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports Idowu-Oyeleke’s name… August 6, 2020 In "Politics" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo on Friday in Ibadan inaugurated a New Solid Waste Management architecture for the state. News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that the programme tagged “Clean and Green Initiative,” was put together by the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources in conjunction… February 8, 2020 In "News" Oyo state Governor Seyi Makinde on Monday said the state government would immortalize the late Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources, Mr Kehinde Ayoola The Governor made the disclosure during a special valedictory executive council session in honour of the late former lawmaker. While extolling the virtues of Ayoola, the… May 18, 2020 In "News"