The former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and stakeholder in Southern Kaduna, Dr. Obadiah Mailafia, has been invited by the Department of State Services DSS to its Jos office over the statement he made recently made during an interview about a Northern governor being the commander of Boko Haram in the country. Obadiah in an interview with an Abuja based radio station, InfoFM on Monday, August 10, alleged that some repentant bandits spoke with he and other stakeholders in Southern Kaduna and the repentant bandits revealed that a serving governor in one of the Northern states is the commander of Boko Haram in Nigeria. ”Let me make some revelations because some of us also have our own intelligence network. We have met with some of the bandits, we have met with some of their high commanders, one or two who have repented. They have sat down with us, not once, not twice. They told us that one of the Northern governors is the commander of Boko Haram in Nigeria.” The DSS saw his interview and has invited him to their office for questioning. He is expected to appear before the service officials on Wednesday, August 12 by 12 noon. Source Mailafia Obadiah, former African Democratic Congress, ADC, presidential candidate, has exposed the alleged plans of Boko Haram for Nigeria. Obadiah, who was a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, alleged that Boko Haram insurgents are plotting to start a civil war in Nigeria by 2022. He… August 11, 2020 In "News" Mr Obadiah Mailafiya, a Former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, has alleged that a northern governor is the commander of the terror group, Boko Haram. For years now Boko Haram terrorist have been staging attacks in Nigeria, most recently killing at least 18 people in a grenade… August 11, 2020 In "News" •Repentant Boko Haram insurgents ONITSHA (SundiataPost) - If truly “over 1400 Boko Haram terrorists including their commanders and arms suppliers have been killed in the past two months or since 11th April 2020”; with “about 1000 earlier killed between 1st and 9th of April 2020 by Chadian soldiers led by… June 13, 2020 In "News"