By Taiye Olayemi/Olaitan Idris Lagos –  A Lagos-based theatre promoter, Anthony Oluwabiyi, says he will host a virtual art and dance festival on August 27 to showcase Nigeria’s rich cultural heritage globally. Oluwabiyi told newsmen on Friday in Lagos that the virtual theatre festival entitled: “Araloba Virtual Festival 2020: The Dancer and The Poet,” would help attract multinationals to experience the cultural diversity of Nigeria. “The festival will be a unifying factor culturally and further foster unity among the people. “We plan to also engage up and coming cultural and tourism practitioners in a positive and productive use of their talents, especially at this period,” said Oluwabiyi, Chief Executive of Theatre Centrik, organizer of the virtual concert. According to the cultural promoter, the virtual show, commemorating the 21st anniversary of Theatre Centrik,  promises to educate and refresh everyone. “The fact is that there is need to showcase this versatile and infectious industry in an upbeat way to reveal its professional edges, prospects and various other opportunities that abound therein. “In terms of visual experience, information and entertainment that will wheel the cultural promotion of the Nigerian and African people,” he said. Oluwabiyi called for proper development of the theatre sub-sector, saying it will spur creativity amongst Nigerian youths. He urged various tiers of government to groom the theatre industry to further generate employment opportunities in order to take the youths off the streets and engage them meaningfully as this would also curb increasing crime rate. According to him, this could be done through the establishment of theatre academies and building art theatres across various local government areas to revive stage theatre productions. “There is an increase in crime rate because the youths are not positively engaged. “Theatre is an aspect of the nation’s economy that could be developed to spur creativity in the youths, likewise, create employment opportunities,” he said. (NAN) By Taiye Baiyerohi   Lagos   -    The Centre for Black African Arts and Civilisation (CBAAC) on Thursday disclosed that the African Festival of Arts and Culture (FESTAC ‘77) would henceforth be commemorated annually. The Director-General, CBAAC, Dr Ferdinand Anikwe, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the… March 15, 2018 In "News" Organised by the British Council, UK/Nigeria 2015–16 is a major season of arts in Nigeria aimed at building new audiences, creating new collaborations and strengthening relationships between the UK and Nigeria.   Programmed in association with a host of partners, it features more than 30 projects and over 80 events… August 18, 2015 In "Style" By Taiye Olayemi Lagos - The National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC) says it will revive the Argungu Fishing Festival which had been abandoned for over a decade. Runsewe made the promise on Monday while receiving a delegation led by the Emir of Argungu from Kebbi State, Alhaji Samaria… December 17, 2019 In "Entertainment"