A 20-year-old woman, Charity Ngozi Eze has been buried amid tears in Enugu. It was gathered that the young lady was raped to death by unidentified persons at Imufu community, Enugu Ezike in Enugu State. She has now been buried 18 months after her death. Ngozi was buried on Friday, August 14, in her father’s compound at Orukpa Imufu after a Requiem Mass at the St. Joseph Catholic Church. Ngozi died on March 26, 2019. She had been living with her parents at Abuja but relocated to her village in Imufu to enable her attend extramural classes for last year’s Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examinations, UTME. She was reported to have gone for lessons that day at the Township School Ogrute, Enugu Ezike, but went missing afterwards. Her body was later found in a bush behind another Community Secondary School, Imufu, several hours after her family had declared her missing. Her death angered youths in the community yet her killers have not been made to face justice. The deceased’s mother, Mrs Eze, has accused the police of a lack of interest in investigating her daughter’s death. She alleged that the police extorted money from her family and also from the community, yet the police have not fished out her daughter’s killers even after 18 months. Speaking at her daughter’s burial ceremony on Friday, August 14, she said she was pained when she saw some of the alleged suspects walking scot-free and still challenging the family even before her daughter was buried, Vanguard reports. Ngozi’s burial pulled a large crowd of sympathisers. Her body arrived at the church in a motorcade, accompanied by hundreds of youths in the community, clad in black attire and singing sorrowful songs to mourn her demise. Below are photos from the funeral: Source Friends are still wondering why, Orluebube Igwe, a suspect currently detained by the Homicide Unit of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Police Command, raped and killed 33 year old trader, Onyinye Gift only four days after she took him into her home. Gift, according to people who knew her has… March 15, 2019 In "News" Few of the people who were aware of the affinity she shared with her husband had given her any chance of survival when her husband, Jude Nwandu, a politician and businessman, was shot dead by kidnappers in 2010. But nine years on, Hon. Hope Chinyelu Nwandu, an ex-councillor, who is… August 31, 2019 In "News" Enugu  -  A Federal High Court sitting in Enugu on Tuesday sentenced 22-year-old Kenechukwu Ujunwa Uchenna to one year imprisonment for drug trafficking. Uchenna who pleaded guilty to the two- count charge leveled against her begged the court to tamper justice with mercy. The convict was arrested with 11.7kg of… June 7, 2016 In "Metro"