World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) legend James Harris popularly known as Kamala has died after complications from coronavirus. The 70-year-old former powerhouse starred for Vince McMahon’s wrestling company during the late 1980s and early 90s. His autobiography’s co-author, Kenny Casanova, wrote on Facebook: “Just got off the phone. “Unfortunately, the rumors were correct. To make matters worse, it was Corona that took him; he was one of the good ones. “Kamala was one of the most believable monsters in wrestling. “He played the role perfectly, but was also one of the nicest guys you could meet. “In helping him get his book out there, we became pretty close over the years and I am happy to have been his friend…” WWE wrestler James WWE issued a statement late Sunday night saying: “WWE is saddened to learn that James Harris, known to WWE fans as Kamala, has passed away at age 70. “Under the frightening face paint of Kamala, the 6-foot-7, 380-pound Harris battled the greatest Superstars in sports-entertainment history, including Hulk Hogan, The Undertaker and Andre the Giant. “He terrorized opponents and thrilled audiences in Mid-South, World Class Championship Wrestling, WCW and WWE until 2006. “WWE extends its condolences to Harris’ family, friends and fans.” Kamala began his career as the Mississippi Mauler and Sugar Bear Harris. He later transformed into his Kamala character and enjoyed great success. But in recent years he has suffered with diabetes and needed to have both legs amputated during a series of health battles. Source Wrestling legend, The Undertaker has finally resigned from the game after 25 years. Undertaker signaled his retirement from wrestling after a brutal fight last night against Roman Reigns. The Undertaker was hit with multiple superman punches, speared through a table and was pinned to the disappointment of the crowd. After… April 4, 2017 In "Entertainment" Popular wrestler, Adrian McCallum has died at a young age after dropping a final haunting message on Twitter.  Adrian British wrestler, Lionheart has died at 36 - hours after posting a haunting message online. The world heavyweight champion said: "One day you will eat your last meal, you will hug your friend for… June 20, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja(SundiataPost)-Professional wrestling star Roman Reigns said an emotional goodbye to the ring on Monday night, revealing that his leukemia has returned after initially being treated 11 years ago. Reigns, 33, whose real name is Leati Joseph Anoaʻi, announced to fans in Providence, Rhode Island, during an episode of "WWE Raw"… October 23, 2018 In "News"