By Joy Odigie  Benin  -Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the Edo Sept. 19 governorship election has promised to revamp the industrial sector of the state if elected governor. Mr John Mayaki, Chairman, Edo APC Media Campaign Council, disclosed this in a statement issued on Wednesday in Benin. According to him, Ize-Iyamu gave the assurance while addressing members of the Benin Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (BENCCIMA). The APC candidate pledged to address the lapses and neglect in the state industrial sector, saying that the sector had huge potential to create employment and development. Ize-Iyamu promised functional infrastructure, support for women operating local and small scale businesses if elected governor of the state. He assured that he would partner the BENCCIMA in the execution of his SIMPLE agenda if elected governor. He also presented copies of his SIMPLE agenda to the chamber. President of BENCCIMA, Mrs Helen Atekha-Odemwingie, said the industrial sector in the state urgently required a life line to bounce back to being productive. Atekha-Odemwingie said the SIMPLE agenda of the APC candidate proffered workable solution to reposition the state, adding that the APC candidate understood the challenges facing the state. (NAN) By Joy Odigie Igueben (Benin) - Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship candidate in the Edo 2020 election, has promised to provide infrastructure development in Esanland located in Edo Central Senatorial District of the state. He gave the assurance during his political campaign at Igueben, Igueben Local… August 10, 2020 In "Politics" By Deborah Coker Benin - Mr Osagie Ize-Iyamu, Candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming governorship election in Edo, says his ‘SIMPLE’ agenda is specific, realistic and achievable.Ize-Iyamu said this on Saturday in Benin at an interactive session with media practitioners in the state.He explained that the… August 1, 2020 In "Politics" BENIN CITY – SEVEN elected councillors out of 12 in Oredo local government area, the home area of Governor Godwin Obaseki Tuesday pledged their support for the election of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. Among the seven councillors included the one representing Ward 4 where the governor hails. Also in Uhunmwonde local… July 28, 2020 In "Politics"