Professor Akin Abayomi, the Lagos State Commissioner for Health who tested positive to the ravaging coronavirus has reportedly recovered. The Commissioner was said to have been tested positive for COVID-19 and had since gone into isolation. The Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Gbenga Omotoso, in a statement on Monday, said the Health Commissioner would resume his duties gradually. The statement reads: “It is with gratitude to God that I announce the recovery and subsequent negative test for COVID-19 of the Honorable Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi. “Following the mandatory isolation, the Commissioner retook a COVID-19 PCR test which returned negative yesterday evening. Professor Abayomi is very grateful and humbled by the deep concern shown and expressed by Executive Council members, civil servants, Lagos residents, Nigerians, both locally and in the diaspora, through prayers, messages, phone calls and gifts. “He will be returning to his full duties gradually and remains resolute in delivering the mandate of Mr. Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, whom he says stood by him steadfastly in these trying times and is very appreciative of. “Governor Sanwo-Olu, the Incident Commander, is excited by the news and urges Lagosians to realise that COVID-19 is still with us; they should keep obeying the guidelines-watching their hands, wearing face masks and avoiding large gatherings, among others.” Source Lagos Commissioner for Health Professor Akin Abayomi has tested positive for coronavirus. Commissioner for Information and Strategy Gbenga Omotoso announced this on Monday via Twitter. He said: “Subsequent to close contact with persons feeling unwell and testing positive for the COVID-19 infection, the Honourable Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi,… August 24, 2020 In "Health" By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos - Prof. Akin Abayomi, Lagos State Commissioner for Health, says 10 people associated with the Lagos State House in Marina have tested positive for COVID-19 pandemic. Abayomi made this known on Thursday through his Twitter handle. The commissioner also announced that Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu and his… May 7, 2020 In "Health" •A health worker helps his colleague with his PPE during community testing as part of effort to curb the spread of COVID-19. Sodiq Adelakun/Channels TV  LAGOS (SundiataPost) Three of the returnees recently evacuated from Dubai have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). The Commissioner for Health in Lagos State, Professor Akin… May 17, 2020 In "News"