By Isaiah Eka Uyo –   The All Progressives Congress (APC), has appointed Dr Ita Udosen, as the acting state chairman following the passage of the state chairman, Mr Ini Okopido, on Aug. 5.The appointment of Udosen is contained in a statement issued by the State Publicity Secretary of APC, Mr Nkereuwem Enyongekere, in Uyo on Thursday. The statement said the appointment was made at an emergency meeting of the State Working Committee of the party at its secretariat in Uyo. “Following the sudden, sad and devastating transition of our Chairman, Late Ini Okopido on Aug. 5, 2020, the State Working Committee (SWC), of our party met in an emergency session at the state party secretariat and resolved as follows:“That based on Article 14.2 Section iii of the Party’s Constitution, the Deputy Chairman of the Party, Dr Ita Udosen, should hereby assume the position of the Acting Chairman henceforth.“With the said resolution of the SWC today, Aug. 6, 2020, Dr Ita Udosen, the State Deputy Chairman is hereby appointed the Acting State Chairman effective Thursday, Aug. 6, 2020,” it said. (NAN) Isaiah Eka Uyo - The All Progressives Congress (APC), Akwa Ibom Chapter, has confirmed the death of its Chairman, Mr Ini Okopido.A statement issued by the state APC Deputy Chairman, Dr Ita Udosen, on Wednesday in Uyo, said that Okopido died after a brief illness.He described the death of the… August 5, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday, reconstituted the State Working Committee of the party in Adamawa State, in line with Article 12 of the APC Constitution. In a brief ceremony at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja, the Party's National Secretary, Mai Mala Buni… February 15, 2016 In "Politics" The Akwa Ibom state chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Ini Okopido is dead. A top member of the party in the state, who confirmed the sad incident, disclosed that Okopido died in the early hours of Wednesday at the Ibom Multispecialty Hospital (IBH), Uyo. According to the source,… August 5, 2020 In "Politics"