•Begs citizens to embrace lawful means of resolving grievances By John Shiklam Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Kaduna State governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai has expressed optimism that the Special Forces deployed in the southern part of the state yesterday would help to end the senseless killings and restore peace in the area. The Forces approved by the Defence Headquarters, arrived Kafanchan in the morning ahead of their deployment to the various Kaduna flashpoints today. Addressing the Forces that arrived the Sector 7 Headquarters of Operation Safe Haven in Kafanchan (OPSH) in the morning, the Kaduna State governor said he was pleased with their deployment. The governor, who was represented by the Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said the state government would continue to place a premium on security as the backbone of sustainable development. “We came to formally welcome you to Kaduna State and to Southern Kaduna in particular after your induction. You are courageous and outstanding officers who have done well in Faskari, Batsari and other flash points in the country,” the governor said. He said he was optimistic that the Special Forces would do well in consolidating the gains already achieved by soldiers, police and other security agencies in the affected areas. The governor said: “Beyond the boots on the ground, the Kaduna State Government is conducting series of engagements with traditional rulers, religious leaders, community leaders, civil society and other agencies, and we are making progress. (ThisDay). By Sumaila Ogbaje Kaduna - Gov. Nadir El-Rufai of Kaduna has called on the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, to consider the establishment of Command Secondary School in Southern Kaduna to spur more military presence in the area. El-Rufai made the call when Buratai led top army hierarchy… December 3, 2019 In "News" Security operatives in a bid to curtail attacks and isolated killings in Southern Kaduna have arrested some bandits and criminals suspected to be members of gangs disturbing the area. The Sector Commander of Operation Safe Haven in Kafanchan, Colonel David Nwakonobi told newsmen that eight suspects were arrested at different… August 10, 2020 In "News" Southern Kaduna PDP leaders  By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Gov. Nasiru El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Friday reiterated his administration’s commitment to improve security and development in the state. El-Rufai stated this while receiving some “heavy weights PDP members“ from Southern Kaduna who moved to the APC. News Agency of… January 10, 2020 In "Top Stories"