….Tasks Local Government Chairmen, Political Appointees on Selfless, Sacrificial, Dedicated Services By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Nasarawa state Governor, Abdullahi Sule has said under no guise should workers and pensioners not be paid their salaries and pensions. According to him, “Those who work for us should be paid their salary as at when due. Those who have retired had also worked for us and they deserve a better life, hence the need to pay their pension. This is also as he has tasked the local government chairmen, political appointees and all other public figures in the state to render meaningful, loyal, selfless, sacrificial and dedicated service in order to take the state to the desired height. Speaking when local government chairmen in the state under the umbrella of Association of Local Government of Nigeria, ALGON paid him a Sallah homage, Governor Sule called on them to work towards the yearnings and aspirations of the citizenry and in line with state government agenda and programmes. Sule said under no guise should workers and pensioners should not be paid their salaries and pensions. “Those who work for us should be paid their salary as at when due. Those who have retired had also worked for us and they deserve a better life, hence the need to pay their pension,” he said. The ALGON Chairman, Nasarawa State Chapter and Chairman, Lafia Local Government Area, Hon. Hon. Aminu Muazu Maifata who led his colleagues to the governor said effort is being made to ensure timely payment of salaries and pensions to workers and pensioners in the state. Governor Sule however, denied claims by some quarters that he is planning to dissolve the leadership of the local government areas. According to Sule, “I don’t know the source of such information but definitely it is not form me.” He said they are all expected to carry out their duty properly because if they are doing very well such information may not arise. He appreciated their efforts toward the peace in their respective local government areas but appealed to them, to double their efforts. Earlier while addressing the delegation of some public figures led by the state deputy governor, Emmanuel Agbadu Akabe, Sule said as exemplified in the Holy Book, the need for loyalty, sacrificial service cannot be over-emphasized as God expects every leader to be loyal both in the secret and in the open. Similarly, the Deputy Governor, Akabe who promised total loyalty in his service, also appealed to everyone to render sacrificial service. “Sacrifice is not only in the killing of rams and other animals but also in services. Put others first. 100% loyalty,” he said. Governor Sule also had interaction with various groups and associations including the less privileged and physically challenged groups and promised to do his best to uplift their standard of living. He called on all citizens and residents in the state to embrace peace, harmony and tolerance as it will be difficult to achieve meaningful progress in the atmosphere of instability. Abakaliki   - Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi, says his government pays N100 million monthly as pensions and gratuity to retired workers in the state. The governor made the statement on Wednesday in Abakaliki while swearing-in the reconstituted nine-member Local Government Area Staff Pension Board. The board, chaired by Mrs… November 4, 2015 In "News" By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia - The National Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) has appealed for the establishment of a separate pension bureau for its retired members in Nasarawa State. Mr Abdullahi Abubakar, the state’s NULGE chairman made the appeal in a chat with newsmen on Thursday in Lafia. He… April 18, 2019 In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - Nasarawa State House of Assembly Committee on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs has decried the stagnant monthly salary of Local Government in the state in spite of retirement, death and changing of jobs. Alhaji Mohammed Alkali, the Chairman of the committee said this on… July 1, 2020 In "News"