Two persons were reportedly killed while several houses burnt down in a renewed conflict between Tiv/Jukun in Kwararafa village, Gossol local government area on Thursday morning. An eyewitness told our correspondent that the whole problem started on Wednesday when some youths from Tiv and Jukun ethnic groups attacked Danacha village at about 6pm and burnt some houses belonging to the two tribes. The source said there was high tension in Danacha and Kwararafa villages which is just half kilometers distance throughout last night. It was gathered that some gunmen dressed in Army uniform stormed Kwararafa village predominately Jukun settlement at about 5.30 am and shot two persons to dead. According to the eyewitness, both Jukun and Tiv Youths in Danacha and Kwararafa villages have poised for a show down in the area as at the time of filling this report. Efforts to reach the Police public relations officer of the Taraba police command, DSP David Misal for confirmation was not successful as he could not pick all the calls put across by our correspondent. It could be recalled that it has been an uneasy calm between Tiv/Jukun ethnic groups in the area over ownership of Danacha village which was renamed Kwararafa by the state government two years ago. The Nation No fewer than two persons were killed and several houses burnt when gunmen suspected to be Jukun militia attacked Ibua village along Wukari-Ibi Road in Ibi Local Government Area on Thursday night. Residents, who spoke to our correspondent, said the attackers invaded the village about 7:30pm, killing two persons and… February 7, 2020 In "News" …Jukun survivors’ tales of woe…Tiv leader defends attacks By Femi Bolaji Abuja (Sundiata Post) - You could perceive tension. All roads were deserted with few vehicles plying the Bali -Takum highway.The once peaceful atmosphere has been polluted by bloody conflict in recent weeks with influx of rural dwellers into Bali,… June 14, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Saidu Adamu Jalingo - At least four persons were feared dead with several houses burnt in a fresh communal clash between Jukun and Tiv ethnic groups in Wukari Local Government Area of Taraba on Monday.But the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) could not immediately confirm the number from the… April 2, 2019 In "News"