Washington  – U.S. President Donald Trump’s former political adviser Steve Bannon was on Thursday arrested in connection with an online fundraising scheme, authorities said.Bannon and three others, Brian Kolfage, Andrew Badolato, and Timothy Shea, were indicted for their roles in defrauding hundreds of thousands of donors in connection with an online crowd funding campaign known as “We Build the Wall“.According to a statement from the U.S. Attorney’s office in the Southern District of New York, Audrey Strauss, the fraudsters raised more than 25 million dollars.However, they have all been arrested.“As alleged, the defendants defrauded hundreds of thousands of donors, capitalizing on their interest in funding a border wall to raise millions of dollars.“Under the false pretense that all of that money would be spent on construction,” Strauss said.They had all been charged with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering, each of which carried a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison.(dpa/NAN) By Prudence Arobani New York    -      The U.S. Federal authorities have arrested no fewer than 34 Nigerians for allegedly defrauding businesses and U.S. citizens of several millions of dollars, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) said. FBI said in a statement that the fraud was a significant coordinated effort to… June 13, 2018 In "Foreign" Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy at the center of Facebook Inc's (FB.O) privacy scandal, filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the United States late on Thursday. This past March allegations surfaced that Cambridge Analytica, hired by President Donald Trump's 2016 U.S. election campaign, improperly used data of 87 million Facebook… May 18, 2018 In "Foreign" Washington   -     Authorities said eight people have been arrested for their alleged roles in an Africa-based cyber conspiracy that U.S. law enforcement officials say defrauded companies and citizens of millions of dollars. Five of the defendants – a Mexican, two Americans, a Ghanaian and a Nigerian – were arrested in… June 26, 2018 In "Foreign"