South African superstores, Shoprite Holdings Limited, has stated it will auction its outlets in Nigeria, The Nation can report. The decision, it said, was informed by the COVID-19 pandemic, which it said has affected businesses worldwide. In its “Operational and Voluntary Trading Update (52 Weeks Ended 28 June 2020)” released on Monday, the megastores with presence in virtually all parts of Nigeria said the retail supermarkets arm will be disposed. The update reads: “Following approaches from various potential investors, and in line with our re-evaluation of the Group’s operating model in Nigeria, the Board has decided to initiate a formal process to consider the potential sale of all, or a majority stake, in Retail Supermarkets Nigeria Limited, a subsidiary of Shoprite International Limited. “As such, Retail Supermarkets Nigeria Limited may be classified as a discontinued operation when Shoprite reports its results for the year. Any further updates will be provided to the market at the appropriate time.” Details shortly… The Nation (Sundiata Post) – Shoprite Holdings Ltd has reported group full-year earnings of 141 billon rand or N3.86 trillion for its financial year ended July 2017 with sales from Nigeria and Angola, two of its key markets outside South Africa contributing strongly to group sales. The company recorded significant growth in… August 23, 2017 In "Business" Africa’s biggest food retailer, Shoprite, on Monday said the group’s turnover for the 12 months to June, 2014 surged by 10.5 percent to R102.2 billion ($9.5 billion). However, the continued pressure on consumers’ disposable income reflected in the slow-down in sales in its South African supermarket division, the largest division… July 15, 2014 In "Business" Kenyan supermarket chain, Nakumatt said it plans to list on the Nairobi Securities Exchange (NSE) and other stock markets in the region within the next three years, opening up opportunity for investors to own part of the retailer’s business which span across four East African countries. A planned 25 percent… August 24, 2014 In "Business"