A Nigerian court in Port Harcourt has convicted two Lebanese nationals who were found with the sum of $890,000 which they wanted to smuggle out of Nigeria. They were caught at the Port Harcourt International Airport, Rivers State, and jaile on Thursday, two years each for money laundering. The two men, Chamseddine Waell Mohammed and Dina Jihad Khali, were sentenced by Justice M.I. Sani of the Federal High Court, Port Harcourt after they pleaded guilty of the money laundering charges brought against them by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). According to the anti-graft commission, the offences committed by them ran contrary to Section 2 (3) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act 2011 (as amended) and punishable under Section 2 (5) of the same Act. The EFCC in a statement on Thursday said one of the charges against them is: “That you Chamseddine Waell Mohammed on the 1st August, 2020 at Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa, Port Harcourt, within the jurisdiction of this court did fail to make a declaration of the sum of $220,000. “The money was hidden in your luggage on board a chartered flight with registration number 9HVFF to Lebanon and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 2 (3) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act 2011 (as Amended) and punishable under section 2 (5) of the same Act.” The charge against the second convict read: “That you Dina Jihad Khali on the 1st August, 2020 at Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa, Port Harcourt within the jurisdiction of this court did fail to make a declaration to the Nigeria Custom Service as required by law cash transportation of the sum of $670,000. “The money was hidden in your Luggage on board a chartered flight with registration number 9HVFF to Lebanon and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 2 (3) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act 2011 (as Amended) and punishable under Section 2 (5) of the same Act.” According to the statement, while reviewing facts of the case, prosecuting counsel, Aso Larrys Peters tendered some documents, which included Letter of Invitation from Customs and statements of the defendants, as exhibits. “Principal Detective Superintendent Macaulay Olayinka while being led in evidence by prosecution counsel, told the court that the two convicts were arrested for attempting to smuggle a total sum of $890,000 out of Nigeria, through the Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa. He further disclosed that the money recovered from the suspects had been deposited with the Central Bank of Nigeria, Rivers State Branch, for safe keeping by the arresting agency. In view of the reviewed facts, the prosecution prayed the court to convict and sentence the defendants as charged. Justice Sani consequently convicted and sentenced the defendants to two years imprisonment. The undeclared amount was ordered forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria. Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Hamza Koudeih, the Lebanese associate of Ismaila Mustapha, popularly known as Mompha has been remanded in prison by a federal high court in Lagos. Hamza Koudeih (left) Koudeih who was arraigned for “internet fraud and money laundering”, was remanded alongside one Kayode Phillip, also an associate of… November 29, 2019 In "News" By Xavier NDANYONGMONG  PORT HARCOURT - Justice J. K. Omotosho of the Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, has convicted and sentenced two brothers, Otojareri Governor Lucky (a.k.a Sam Lewis) and Otojareri President Mayor (a.k.a John Jacob Carison) to five years imprisonment for obtaining money under false… November 7, 2019 In "Metro" A woman, Nkechi Mercy Ikogwe alongside two companies, Elites Finance Investment Limited and Efinc Global Investment Limited, were on Monday arraigned before Justice E.A. Obile of the Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, over alleged N179 million fraud. EFCC arraigned them on a three-count charge bordering on… July 21, 2020 In "Metro"