The nation’s electoral umpire, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) recently introduced a dedicated portal to check election results uploaded from various polling units in real-time. INEC’s National Commissioner and Chairman of Information and Voter Education Committee, Mr Festus Okoye, had made the announcement in a statement on Thursday last week. Okoye, who also appeared as a guest on Channels Television’s Sunday Politics, believes INEC should be commended for taking a step further to ensure transparency in its conduct of elections in the country. He described the portal as a new step to further strengthen Nigeria’s election management process. The portal, which was first used in the recently concluded Nasarawa Central Constituency election, would also be deployed in forthcoming governorship polls in Edo and Ondo States. INEC had fixed September 19 and October 10 for the elections in Edo and Ondo, respectively. The 10 easy ways to access election results on the portal have been highlighted below: Channels Tv By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says 17 political parties submitted the list and particulars of their nominated candidates for Ondo State governorship election at the deadline for submission.The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Festus Okoye INEC National Commissioner and Chairman,… July 29, 2020 In "Politics" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has reacted after conflicting court orders were issued as a result of internal crisis rocking some political parties across the country. INEC’s national commissioner for information and voter education Festus Okoye said on Tuesday June 23 that they convened a meeting due to the… June 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday says it has closed its dedicated portal designed for political parties to submit the details of their nominations for Edo governorship election. Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee (IVEC) disclosed… June 29, 2020 In "Politics"