Ekiti state Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi on Tuesday reshuffled his cabinet. Following the reshuffling, he has released a list of seven new commissioner-nominees to the State House of Assembly. The Speaker of the House of Assembly, Hon. Funminiyi Afuye read the names of the nominees on the floor of the House of yesterday Sometime early last month, Governor Fayemi had set up a peace and reconciliation committee, led by the immediate past Chairman of the party, Chief Jide Awe to reconcile aggrieved members of the party, who had been complaining of being sidelined in appointment and patronage. Today’s cabinet reshuffle could be one of the resolutions of the Awe led Committee. The Commissioner nominees are: Otunba Diran Adesua – Ekiti East Prince Olabode Adetoyi- Moba Dr. Mrs Olabimpe Aderiye-Ido Osi Dr. Oye Filani- Ikole Princess Iyabo Fakunle – Ilejemeje Alhaja Mariam Ogunlade-Emure and Mr. Akin Omole- Oye Also nominated for board positions were: Prof Femi Akinwunmi- SUBEB and Hon. Febisola Adewale- Local Government Service Commission. Responding, Fayemi’s Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, said it was part of the strategies to fortify the cabinet and bring in new blood and ideas to develop the state. Oyebode, who spoke via telephone added that Fayemi was determined to deliver on his mandate to bring economic prosperity, by working with other progressives to give the people the required dividends of democracy. When asked who are those that will be shoved out of the cabinet as a result of the action, Oyebode said: “Let us wait and see how the screening will end before talking about who will be affected. “The essence of the cabinet reshuffle is to strengthen the government for better performance and that we shall achieve in the end”. Source By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Dr Olusegun Osinkolu, the Director General of the Buhari/ Osinbajo Campaign Council in Ekiti, has advised the commissioner-nominees cleared by the state Assembly to refrain from acts of corruption. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Osinkolu  gave the advice on Saturday while… April 6, 2019 In "Politics" Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti - Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has forwarded the names of 14 commissioner nominees to the House of Assembly for screening and confirmation. The nominees include: Dr Adio Folayan (Efon), Dr Moji Kolade,(Oye), Moji Fafunre (Ikole), Messrs Emmanuel Daramola, Olabode Folorunsho, (Ilejemeje) Bamidele Faparusi,(Gbonyin), Gbenga Agbeyo,… April 2, 2019 In "Politics" Uyo - The Akwa Ibom House of Assembly has confirmed eight commissioner nominees sent to the House for confirmation by Gov. Udom Emmanuel.Confirming the nominees at plenary on Thursday in Uyo, the Speaker of the House, Mr Aniekan Bassey, said that the nominees had earlier been screened by the House… July 23, 2020 In "Politics"