By Ahmed Kaigama Bauchi  –  A Youth group from Tafawa Balewa, Dass and Bogoro Federal Constituency of Bauchi State says it will follow former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Mr Emmanuel Isheni, the Chairman of the group under the auspices of Tafawa Balewa, Dass and Bogoro Youth Development Foundation (TDBYDF), made this known at a news conference in Bauchi on Monday. Isheni said: “Anywhere he goes, we go. We will follow him to All Progressives Congress (APC).’’ Dogara, in July, dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), saying it was to enable him remain consistent in his principle of fighting for good governance in Bauchi State. Isheni said that the former speaker had done much for his constituents through the provision of job opportunities. “We the people of Tafawa Balewa, Dass, Bogoro, Federal Constituency and the entire Bauchi State have witnessed many projects and development,’’ he said. He said that Dogara also empowered youths and women, constructed schools, hospitals and provided electricity to the rural areas. “He is a nationalist, visionary leader with clear foresight that is respected,’’ Isheni said. He said that the former Speaker had proved beyond reasonable doubt that he “is a reliable leader who carries everybody along irrespective of tribe and religious affiliation’’. “We, therefore, want to make it categorically clear that we the Tafawa Balewa, Dass, and Bogoro Youth Development Foundation are firmly behind him. “In the quest for development, we have to go with the politician that can influence the development in our communities.’’ he said. (NAN) By Ahmed Kaigama Bogoro (Bauchi state) - Some People’s Democratic Party (PDP) supporters in Bogoro Local Government Area of Bauchi, on Saturday announced their defection to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. Giving reasons for their defection, their spokesperson, Bulus Iliya, said that their decision to return to… August 8, 2020 In "Politics" By Ayinde Abdulsaheed Olaide Tafawa Balewa    -    A Coalition of political organizations in Dass, Tafawa Balewa and Bogoro Federal Constituency of Bauchi State under the auspices of the ‘Dass, Tafawa Balewa and Bogoro’ youths and elders forum (DATABO) has thrown its unwavering support for President Buhari come 2019 and passed… June 22, 2018 In "News" Yakubu Dogara, speaker of the house of representatives, has been announced winner of the election in Bogoro/Dass/Tafawa Balewa federal constituency of Bauchi state. Dogara, who contested the election on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), polled 73,609 votes to defeat his closest rival of the All Progressives Congress… February 25, 2019 In "Politics"