BBNaija Season 5 couple Kiddwaya and Erica may be causing trouble for themselves after bodyshaming Laycon. It happened that they talked bad about Laycon’s stature. Recall that on Sunday, the duo were given strikes by Biggie. Erica received two strikes for whispering and staying at the Head Of House room (HOH) room till 3am which is technically “sleeping over”, while Kiddwaya received a strike for not carrying out some assignments give to him by Biggie. Erica was evidently infuriated that Laycon didn’t sympathize with her after receiving the strikes. She was apparently disappointed that He didn’t commensurate with her in her ‘trying time’. Erica received double strike for whispering and sleeping in the house of house room, while Kiddwaya received strike for failing to carry out some assignments given to him by Biggie. If you recall, Laycon and Erica were very close at the beginning of the show, however when she and Kiddwaya became an item, they both decided to give each other space and refrain from constant communication. Erica, while conversing with Neo in a video said she doesn’t even intend to talk to Laycon after today, then asked “who the fvck is Laycon? Look at him?”, indirectly making jest and referring to his physical stature. Later in the conversation, her love interest Kiddwaya joined in the conversation and said “I can’t go and beat someone that is half my size”. Watch video below: Erica is pissed that Laycon has yet to commiserate with her over the strikes issued by Biggie.. . . . . . . . #bigbrothernigeria #bbnaijalockdown  #bbnaijaupdate  #bbnaijareunion #pepperdemreunion #teamdorathy #tolanibaji #neo #bbnaijareunion #bbnaijaupdates #brighto #bbnaija2020 #bigbrothernaija #erica #laycon #wathoni #tacha #praise #dorathy #kiddwaya #lucy  #trickytee #prince #vee #bbnaija A post shared by  BBNaija Lockdown  (@bigbrotherradio) on Aug 23, 2020 at 8:18am PDT Source Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Erica, has lashed out at Laycon following the drama of yesterday. Recall that Laycon and Erica were close before she chose Kiddwaya over him. Erica who says she's mentally attracted to Laycon is not happy that he talks about him at different times and locations… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, has revealed the kind of man she would like to settle down with. Erica disclosed that she wants a man with the kind of mind Laycon has and the body build of her love interest, Kiddwaya. The 26-year-old BBNaija housemate disclosed this during… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica's attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment"