Moscow  – Russia will begin large-scale provision of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine in September, Health Minister Mikhail Murashko said on Monday. “The vaccine will be supplied first and foremost to health care workers and teachers,” Murashko said. The vaccination “will be absolutely voluntary,” Murashko said. Russia was the first country to introduce a vaccine for the novel coronavirus that it said could be used by the general public. The minister said about 40,000 volunteers were in the phase three trial of the vaccine. The vaccine was developed by a state laboratory and initially tested on the laboratory’s workers and later volunteer soldiers. No substantial side effects have been reported. The vaccine has been named Sputnik, made by the Soviet Union and the first man-made satellite to achieve orbit. Endorsing the vaccine, Russian President Vladimir Putin said one of his daughters had used it successfully without any side effect worse than a slight, temporary fever. Russia has recorded nearly one million cases of the novel coronavirus, the world’s fourth largest caseload. (dpa/NAN) Moscow - President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that Russia had become the first country in the world to grant regulatory approval to a COVID-19 vaccine after less than two months of human testing, a move hailed by Moscow as evidence of its scientific prowess. The development paves the way… August 11, 2020 In "Top Stories" The first human trial in Europe of a coronavirus vaccine has begun in Oxford, Britain. Two volunteers were injected, the first of more than 800 people recruited for the study. Half will receive the COVID-19 vaccine, and half a control vaccine which protects against meningitis but not coronavirus. According to… April 24, 2020 In "News" The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 on Monday revealed that coronavirus patients will be used as part of the global trial test of the vaccines developed for the treatment of coronavirus disclosed on Monday. Already, Nigeria has informed the World Health Organisation (WHO) that it wants to be part… May 5, 2020 In "Health"