By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Mr Augustine Nnamani has been returned unopposed as the chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Enugu State for another four years. Nnamani and other members of the party’s executive in the state were returned during the PDP Congress held in the state on Saturday after the first tenure elapsed. He polled 2,383 votes of the 2,808 votes cast by the delegates at the state congress. The chairman of the electoral committee, Mr. Ibrahim Umar declared Nnamani and other executives of Enugu State PDP for the next four years. ”For polling, the highest vote in this election and with the power conferred on me as the chairman of the electoral committee. ”I, therefore, declare all the executives of PDP returned for the next four years,” Umar said. Other members of the executives include Mr Innocent Ezeoha as the Deputy Chairman, Mr. Cletus Akalusi as the Secretary, Mr. Patty Okoh, the Youth Leader, and Mrs Vera Ezeugwu as the Women Leader among others. The Congress was attended by the state governor, Chief Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi and his deputy, Mrs. Cecilia Ezeilo, former Deputy Senate President, Dr. Ike Ekweremadu and the senator representing Enugu North, Chief Chukwuka Utazi. Others included members of the Federal House of Representatives from the state and the state Assembly members led by its Speaker, Edward Ubosi, 17 Local Government chairmen, and other stakeholders. Enugu  -    The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Enugu State on Tuesday elected Mr Augustine Nnamani as its chairman for the next four years. Nnamani, a former Local Government Chairman of Isiuzo, was returned unopposed through a `Yes’ vote by delegates. He polled 954 votes out of the 984… May 11, 2016 In "Politics" Enugu -   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has lauded the process that produced a new state executive committee of Enugu State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Tuesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the congress produced Mr Augustine Nnamani as the new state… May 10, 2016 In "Politics" Benin -  The All Progressive Congress (APC) Chairman in Edo, Anselm Ojezua and 10 members of the dissolved executive committee were on Saturday retained in the party’s new executive committee in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 11 persons were among 36 executive members, including… May 19, 2018 In "Politics"