London  – Brazilian midfielder Willian has confirmed he would leave Chelsea after seven “wonderful” years at Stamford Bridge. The 32-year-old, linked with a move across town to Arsenal, posted a farewell letter to the club’s fans on Twitter. “The time has now come to move on. I am certainly going to miss my team mates,” he said. “I leave with my head held high, safe in the knowledge that I won things here and always did my best in a Chelsea shirt!” Willian, who began his career with Corinthians in Sao Paulo, joined Chelsea from Anzhi Makhachkala in 2013 and made over 300 appearances for the club, winning two English Premier League titles. He was out of contract this summer and had failed to agree a new long-term deal with the club. “In August 2013 when I received the offer from Chelsea, I was convinced that this was where I had to play,” he said. “Today I am certain that it was the best of decisions. There were so many happy times, (and) some sad. There were trophies and it was always very intense.” Spanish midfielder Pedro also announced he was leaving the club on Sunday after five years. (Reuters/NAN) Title favourite, Chelsea is set to unleash some of the club's major close-season buys when they launch their campaign at Barclays Premier League new boys Burnley. Catch the action live on SS3HD and live streaming on supersport.com from 8pm. Jose Mourinho's men finished last season third, faltering as a dramatic… August 18, 2014 In "Sports" Chelsea Football Club has resigned striker Didier Drogba on a one-year deal. Drogba left Turkish giant Galatasary in the summer after he contract expired. A statement on Chelsea website read: Chelsea Football Club is delighted to announce the return of Didier Drogba. The striker has signed a one-year contract. “Drogba… July 25, 2014 In "Sports" London   -     Chelsea midfielder Willian has initiated legal proceedings following the appearance of a “forged” letter which appears to state a change of agents for the Brazil international. The 29-year-old posted the letter, which states that Denirobson Dias had given permission to Renee Pinheiro Anunciacao to represent Willian to clubs… August 3, 2018 In "Sports"