Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Lucy Essien, simply known as Lucy, refused to have her bath after last night’s Saturday night. This, according to her was for “safeness” as she believed having her bath might make fellow housemate, Praise have sex with her. Lucy and Praise are rather becoming too close of late, a development that has stirred reactions among viewers of the reality show. The 30-year-old Lucy, who is undoubtedly one of the liveliest housemates in the Lockdown house, now sleeps in Praise’s bed in recent nights.Lucy had recently admitted that she is attracted to Praise. Lucy made this known during her diary session with Tolanibaj who stood in as Big Brother. In most parts of last night’s party, both housemates were on each other and after the party Lucy was captured sitting on Praise’s laps as they chatted. Lucy asked Praise, “You think I’m smelling?” He said “Go and shower though” But Lucy responded, “Nope. For safeness.” Shocked by her response, Praise added, “Wait wait wait, you think if you shower I’ll [we’ll have sex]?” See video below: After last night's party,  #Lucy refused to shower because she believed #Praise might have sex with her. I don't think she escaped it though. Listen to their chat #BBNajia #BBNaijaLocdown2020 #bbnajia2020 pic.twitter.com/hVOOTGMRb2 Source  Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate, Kiddwaya was the one who evicted Praise by replacing him with Wathoni last night, it has revealed. He has also given reason why he saved Wathoni. The bottom four housemates of include: TrickyTee, Wathon, Vee and Praise. After housemates voted, Wathoni and Praise had a… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica Nweledim, a Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate, has dragged fellow housemate, Lucy over her performance during the Wednesday Pepsi Challenge. The Pepsi task was a musical performance Challenge, courtesy of Pepsi Naija. Each of the housemates was given the opportunity to represent one popular Nigerian music star through the… August 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Ex-Head of House, Lucy has expressed her determination to ensure the 15 Housemates lose the fifth-week wager challenge. Lucy’s anger stemmed from Kiddwaya’s stand on how Housemates should give their all to the wager challenge scheduled for Thursday night. In her fit of rage, Lucy told Wathoni and Praise she… August 19, 2020 In "Entertainment"