Caroline Sam, the controversial Nigerian singer known as Maheeda, is not ready to delete her naked videos on pornographic sites even after turning a new leaf. Maheeda made this remark while responding to questions from fans after she announced that she has embraced Christianity and shun her controversial and raunchy lifestyle. A fan asked ‘Maheeda, you still have naked twerk videos on porn sites, why not pull it down?’ She responded by saying, “I don’t have the power to put it down, because it is beautiful to have your mess around while your message is still going around so I might not delete them. “I was kind of forced into deleting the one on my page, I would have also left it because you’re both, people have to accept their past and present that it will work for them for good and you trying to cover your past, delete your past, it doesn’t make sense, people will not get your story well enough if you delete all your past, a lot of these top rich people, we have the Dangote, we have the Buhari, if they can tell you their past, you will be able to learn how they succeeded to that level. “So I believe that people seeing my past and now my present will enable them to know where I come from so I wouldn’t want to delete it”. The 38-year-old mother became an infamous celeb after gaining notoriety for sharing raunchy photos and nude videos on social media. She had gone ahead to also shared videos of herself twerking naked on porn sites. Source Controversial singer, Maheeda, is known mostly for posting raunchy pictures of herself and erotic messages on her social media pages. Few days ago, a picture of famous rapper, Ruggedman, and Maheeda surfaced online and it sparked comments from fans. Some of the fans described the rapper as the singer’s new… August 30, 2014 In "Style" Behind the hard surface and devil-may-care-attitude, Nigeria's own Queen of Nudity, Caroline Sam, better known as Maheeda, sure has a heart and can be heart-broken as well. This soft side of Naija Bad Girl was what she displayed when she broke down in tears as Nigerians and the world continue… May 14, 2014 In "Style" Love her or hate her, one time born again gospel singer turned bad girl, Caroline Sam, the one who loves to be called Maheeda, aka, Naija Bad Girl, is not one who takes prisoners. She has continuously told those who hate her nude posts to go and hug transformers. The… May 3, 2014 In "Style"