The arrest of Adewunmi Lawal, a suspect, who allegedly raped his neighbour’s daughter in the Itele, Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government Area of Ogun State has been confirmed by the Ogun State Police Command. According to PUNCH Metro, it had been reported that the victim’s mother, a widow, left the victim and her three siblings at home and went to Badagry, Lagos State, for prayers. Two days after she left home, Adewunmi allegedly broke into her house in the night and allegedly had carnal knowledge of her 16-year-old daughter. After perpetrating the crime, the suspect reportedly went into hiding from where he appealed to the victim’s mother for settlement. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, had said the command had declared Adewunmi wanted, adding that the case had been transferred to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for further investigation. However, in a follow-up reaction, Abimbola confirmed that the suspect had been arrested and would be charged for the crime. He said, “He was arrested two days ago. He was sighted somewhere in Lagos because he was looking for ways to persuade the parents of the girl and in the process, he went to the office of a non-governmental organisation in Lagos; he wanted the NGO to invite the victim’s mother for them to resolve. “While he was there, we got information and quickly alerted our counterpart in Lagos that they should get him arrested for us. He was arrested at Ijaiye Ojokoro and our operatives from here went there to bring him in. As soon as we conclude investigation, he will be going to court.” When contacted on the development, the victim’s mother said, “I felt happy when I saw him (Adewunmi) yesterday in police custody in the Oke-Ilewo area of Abeokuta. “Until his arrest, he had been sending his friends to beg me and pledging to pay all the money I spent on the matter, but I kept telling his friends to advise him to surrender himself. I want justice to be served.” Source An engineer, Adewunmi Lawal, has reportedly gone into hiding after allegedly raping a neighbour’s daughter in Itele, Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government Area of Ogun State. PUNCH Metro gathered that the victim’s mother, who is a widow, left her and her three siblings at home and went to Badagry in Lagos State… August 5, 2020 In "News" Ogun. - A man identified as Mutiu Sonola has been arrested by the operatives of the Ogun state Police Command for beating his wife, Zainab shotayo to death. Mutiu,37, allegedly started beating  his wife in the morning on Christmas Day over minor disagreement and despite being told by  neighbours to… December 26, 2019 In "Metro" Osun State - Pastor David Daley-Oladele, whose daughter, allegedly by one Owolabi Adeeko; his mother, identified simply as Mrs Adeeko; and the pastor of a white garment church, Segun Philip, in the Ikoyi-Ile area of Osun State, has stated that the dismembered body of the victim was buried on the church… December 30, 2019 In "Metro"