By Rabiu Sani  Kano  –  Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has called for closer collaboration between the state governments and Federal Ministry of Mines and Steel Development, to boost gold businesses in the country. Ganduje made the call in a statement by Mr Hassan Fagge, Chief Press Secretary, Office of the Deputy Governor, on Friday in Kano. The governor, represented by his Deputy, Nasiru Gawuna, spoke at the investiture of the Kano Gold Durbar initiative, on Thursday in Kano. Ganduje said that such collaboration between the Federal and State Governments would fast track effective utilisation of gold deposits in their respective states for sustainable economic development. He said: “I commend the Federal Government on the Presidential Gold Mining initiative. What is more interesting is the aspect of jobs creation whereby an estimated 250,000 jobs will be provided under the initiative.” The governor said his administration had established office of the Special Adviser on Solid Minerals, as part of measures to create an enabling environment for investments in gold mining and other mineral deposits in the state. Ganduje reiterated commitment to partner with the Federal Government to boost gold trade in the country. The statement also quoted Olamilekan Adegbite, Minister of Mines and Steel Development, as saying that the Kano Gold Durbar was a private sector initiative designed to showcase possibilities in the state to promote sustainable gold businesses in the country. Adegbite noted that Nigeria was a top contender as the largest emerging market for gold and luxury goods in Africa. “Sabon Gari Market in Kano State is the first place where women who serve as brokers with more than 2,000 distinctive visitors daily from across Africa, conducted conventional businesses in precious stones,” he said. (NAN) By Mohammed Nur   Kano -   The new Deputy Governor of Kano State Alhaji Nasiru Yusuf-Gawuna has been sworn-in on Wednesday at a ceremony presided over by Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ceremony took place at the Coronation Hall, Government House Kano,… September 19, 2018 In "Politics" By Mustapha Yauri Abuja  -   Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has called on other state governors to replicate his model of Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission to support the Federal Government in the war against corruption. Ganduje made the call in a statement issued by the State Public… December 18, 2016 In "News" By Ihechinyere Chigemeri-Uwom   Umuahia    -      Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia and his Kano State counterpart, Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje, have enjoined Nigerians to engage in acts that would foster national unity and socio-economic development. The governors made the call on Thursday, when Ganduje paid a courtesy visit to Ikpeazu at… August 17, 2018 In "News"