Abuja – Following the flag giving ceremony at the Presidential Villa yesterday where President Buhari was seen giving Mr Ize-Iyamu the APC gubernatorial flag in the sanctuary of lock door, reactions have continued to trail the purported endorsement of Ize-Iyamu by Buhari as endorsing corruption considering that Mr Ize-Iyamu is being tried by the EFCC for money laundering to the tune of 700 million nairas. Buhari in a terse statement made available to newsmen, which Edo Times also got a copy of said, he is still very committed to the anti-corruption war and seeing Mr Ize-Iyamu doesn’t derail his fight against corruption. He said it was important to receive Ize-Iyamu who is the party’s candidate as it is customary to do so. “We are compelled to do this ritual. Although, I wasn’t comfortable it was a mere formality. I also didn’t want to be seen in the flag-off because of this. My administration will not look the other way regarding the weighty allegations of corruption against Ize-Iyamu. We will pursue it to a logical conclusion”. President Buhari then reassured Nigerians of his administration’s commitment to continue his fight against corruption without fear or favour. Edo Times Controversial #RevolutionNow activist, Omoyele Sowore, has called out President Muhammadu Buhari for endorsing Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, who is currently facing corruption charges to the tune of N700 million. Ize-Iyamu was arraigned before a Federal High Court in Benin by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission for allegedly receiving about N700m… August 7, 2020 In "News" The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the upcoming Edo State governorship election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has debunked reports that the impeachment of the former Speaker of the state’s House of Assembly, Francis Okiye, was conducted in his house. Ize-Iyamu also accused the Edo State governor, Mr… August 7, 2020 In "Politics" Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics"