By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Former  He made the call while reacting  The former Presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) advised politicians not to worsen the already tense atmosphere and asked every concerned party to abide by the rule of law and allow the people of the state, choose who they wish to govern them. Atiku who  took to his Twitter handle tweeted; Nigeria has been on edge due to the brinkmanship of those charged with democratic leadership. We must, as a nation, not escalate the already tense atmosphere in our polity. What is happening in Edo State is a threat to constitutional order nationwide, and I strongly urge belligerent forces to reign in their proxies and abide by the rule of law. As I have previously said, without the rule of law, there will be no rule at all. The current goings-on portends grave danger, not only to law and order in that state but to the coming Edo elections. The people of Edo state should be allowed to choose who they wish to govern them, and that choice is to be made on September 19, 2020. Pending then, everything legally possible must be done to preserve the status quo. Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reacted to the recent events that have played out in Edo ahead of the election scheduled to hold in the state in September 2020. The former Presidential candidate of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) advised politicians not to worsen the already tense atmosphere and… August 7, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - There was pandemonium on Thursday as large number of policemen stormed the Edo State House of Assembly sending panic and fear in Benin City, Edo capital. Passers-by took to their heel, shop owners close to the Assembly locked their shops as they sensed… August 7, 2020 In "News" Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features"