FIFA have called on the Ivory Coast Football Federation to halt its election campaign after Didier Drogba’s bid was rejected, a letter seen by AFP on Friday showed. FIF’s election has turned into a soap opera marred by incessant infighting and on Thursday the former Chelsea forward’s candidacy was thrown out as he had only received the official support of two of a required four Ivorian clubs. “We request the suspension of all action in relation to the election process until further notice,” the document dated August 27 and sent to FIF said. Drogba’s election team said on Thursday it expected FIF’s decision which claimed he was ineligible to run for the position. “Drogba’s staff isn’t surprised by this decision to reject the bid. But we remain unfazed. We will react to conform to the texts which surround this election,” Mahamadou Sangare, a member of Drogba’s team, told AFP. Drogba also has the backing of the association for the former and its current players equivalent and has five days to appeal FIF’s decision. The ex-Elephants captain is standing against FIF’s former third vice-president Idriss Diallo, as well as the current vice-president of the national body and president of the League Sory Diabate. Earlier in August, world football’s governing body had called on FIF to cancel its election due to the situation. (AFP) Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba announced his international retirement on Friday after scoring 61 goals in 103 appearances for his country. "It is with much sadness that I have decided to retire from international football," the 36-year-old said on his website, (www.didierdrogba.com). The Chelsea forward was a fixture in the… August 8, 2014 In "Sports" Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says Didier Drogba "belongs" at the club as he considers re-signing the striker. The Ivorian, 36, won 10 trophies at Chelsea from 2004-2012 and is available on a free transfer from Galatasaray. Mourinho said the club were thinking about a deal, but that the decision would… July 25, 2014 In "Sports" Striker Didier Drogba will have a role to play at Chelsea when he quits playing, says Blues boss Jose Mourinho. The 36-year-old Drogba, in his second spell at the club, scored as Chelsea beat Tottenham 3-0 on Wednesday. "The important thing is he is here and will finish his career… December 4, 2014 In "Sports"