The Education Quality Assurance (OEQA) unit of the Lagos State Ministry of Education has warned the public to disregard a resumption time table flying around the social media. The time-table claims to be the 2020/2021 academic calendar, states that the first term of the session would start September 21, 2020 and end December 18, 2020 though Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu said weekend that the resumption date he announced was not cast in stone. The purported calendar also gives January 11, 2021 and May 3, 2021 as the start dates for the second terms, adding; “The Ministry of Education, Science and Technology enjoins all stakeholders and members of the public to take note of the details of the academic calendar. “Full academic programme should commence on the first day of each term. All public holidays are to be observed as may be directed by Federal/State government. All public and private schools are to adhere strictly to the school calendar.” However, a statement by the Public Affairs Officer, OEQA, Mr. Emmanuel Olaniran, said the calendar did not come from its office. “Please be informed that the academic calendar above did not emanate from the Office of Education Quality Assurance (OEQA). Kindly disregard,” it reads. A pointer that the calendar is not from Lagos is that it refers to the authorizing body as the ministry of education, science and technology. Lagos State has its Ministry of Education separate from the Ministry of Science and Technology. The Nation File photo By Ibukun Emiola  IBADAN - Oyo State Government says it has cancelled third term for the 2019/2020 school session as promotion of students for all affected classes will now be determined by first and second term continuous assessments. Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye, the state Commissioner for Education, Science and… July 22, 2020 In "Education" The Oyo State government has canceled third term for the 2019/2020 session. The government said promotion of students will be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms. This decision by the state executive council was confirmed to Nigerian Tribune by state Commissioner for Education, Science and… July 22, 2020 In "Education" Sale Lamido University, SLU resumption date for the 2017/2018 academic session has been announced. The management of Sale Lamido University, formerly Jigawa State University (JSU) announced this resumption date on the official website of the school. The management of Jigawa State University hereby wishes to inform all students, members of staff:… September 28, 2017 In "Education"