The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) regrets to announce the demise of its former Group Managing Director (GMD), Dr. Joseph Thlama Dawha. Dr. Dawha, died after a brief illness, NNPC Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru stated in a release today. The release said NNPC Group Managing Director, Mallam Mele Kyari, expressed shock over the sudden death of Dr. Dawha who was the 16th Group Managing Director of the corporation. Mallam Kyari said that NNPC family gravely mourned the death of the former GMD, who he noted, provided astute leadership and made immense contributions to the progress of corporation. He described Dr. Dawha’s death as a great loss to not only NNPC but also Nigeria as a whole. Dr. Dawha was GMD of NNPC between August, 2014 to August, 2015. Dr. Kennie Obateru Group General ManagerGroup Public Affairs DivisionNigerian National Petroleum Corporation. 3rd August, 2020. •The late Dr Maikanti Baru ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Dr Maikanti Kachalla Baru, the immediate past Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), is dead, the NNPC announced on Saturday morning. He was aged 60.In a statement made available to Sundiata Post, Dr. Kennie Obateru, NNPC Group General… May 30, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 2019/2020 1,000 graduate trainees recruited by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) will on Monday resume virtual duty.  This announcement was contained in a statement signed by the corporation’s Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru sent to Sundiata… April 30, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, and the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) have pledged to work hand-in-hand to promote the ongoing acquisition of seismic data in the Chad Basin and to curb crude oil theft in the creeks of the Niger Delta. Mr. Ohi Alegbe, group general… September 10, 2014 In "News"