BAbbas Bamalli  Kano  –  A total of 24, 545 exit students on Monday began their West African Examination Council (WAEC) in Kano State, amid strict adherence to the COVID-19 protocols. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 11, 400 of the 27, 454 students were from public schools while the remaining 16, 460 registered for the examination in private schools in the state. The examination was being conducted in 538 designated centres in the state. A NAN correspondent who monitor the examination at some of the centres, reports that the schools had put in place measures to facilitate compliance to the COVID-19 guidelines. Some of the schools visited include Rumfa College, Government Senior Secondary School, Sabuwar Kofa, Kano Capital Schools and Governor’s College, Kano. At the entrance of the visited schools, handwashing facilities such as soap, hand sanitiser, water and infrared thermometer devices were provided while students and other visitors were subjected to tempreture checks. NAN reports also that students and examiners used facemasks while social distancing were observed in the examination halls. A school official at Rumfa College, who pleaded anonymity said adequate arrangements were put in place in the school to ensure total compliance with the COVID-19 guidelines. “We have a total of 214 students sitting for WAEC in the school. The main examination hall accommodates 600 students in a normal examination period. “But in compliance with the social distancing occasioned by the pandemic, we have 186 students in the hall. The remaining 28 were shared into two classes,” he said. At GGSS, Sabuwar Kofa, an official of the school, said about 30 students would write the examination in the centre. Also speaking, Mr Jerry Adaji, the Principal, First Grade Comprehensive School, added that 30 candidates would sit for the examination in the school. Adaji said: “On a normal setting; we have 55 students in a class but with the COVID -19 pandemic, the students are divided into 14 per classroom,” he said. (NAN) By Emmanuel Acha Enugu - Exit Secondary school students in Enugu State on Monday commenced the Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) conducted by the West African Examinations Council(WAEC) by observing COVID-19 protocols. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the schools visited during the examination complied with the COVID-19… August 17, 2020 In "Education" By AbdulFatai Beki Ilorin - The Kwara Government has warned principals in public and private secondary schools in the state to comply with Coronavirus (COVID-19) protocols as schools resume or face sanctions. The State Commissioner for Education, Hajiya Ahmed Fatimah-Bisola gave the warning on Wednesday in a message she sent… August 5, 2020 In "News" By Oluwakemi Oladipo Lagos - Some education stakeholders on Thursday expressed divergent viewpoints on Federal Government’s postponement of the Senior Secondary Certificate Examination in Nigeria due to the raging COVID-19 pandemic.In separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, the stakeholders also spoke on the suspension of… July 9, 2020 In "News"