By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja  – The National Examination Council (NECO), has assured the public of its commitment to ensure effective and efficient conduct of all its examinations. This is following complaints by some schools whose candidates are unable to sit for the ongoing Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) that commenced on Monday, Aug. 24, 2020. In a statement by Mr Azeez Sani, Head of Information and Public Relations (NECO) to news men in Abuja on Wednesday said that adequate opportunity was provided well in advance for all schools to register their candidates. “This was given that some schools and/or candidates may have faced difficulties in the course of the registrations. “Due largely to this and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Council extended the duration for registration to 12 midnight of Friday, Aug. 21. 2020. “The extension was widely publicised through various platforms. The aim was largely to accommodate late registration. “It is regrettable that in spite of these measures, some schools failed to complete the registration or enrollment processes. “It is therefore instructive to restate that the closure of the Portal on the said date was not punitive or designed to undermine registrants and schools. “It was, however, to allow the Council produce and distribute materials to Examination Centres for seamless conduct of the exercise,” he said. He, therefore, promised that NECO would continue to engage all stakeholders as may be appropriate, within its statutory mandates. (NAN) By Jacinta Nwachukwu   Abuja   -        The National Examinations Council (NECO) has announced an extension for the registration of the on-going 2018 November/December NECO Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (SSCE). The Acting Registrar of NECO, Mr Abubakar Gana, disclosed this in a statement, on Tuesday in… November 20, 2018 In "News" By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it is considering new date for the commencement of the 2020 admission processes from the earlier announced date of Aug. 22.The board disclosed this in its bulletin made available to newsmen in Abuja on Sunday.According to the… August 10, 2020 In "Education" The Ekiti State Government has debunked report by the International Centre for Investigative Reporting (ICIR) that it inflated the May/June 2020 West African Examination Council fees of the Senior Secondary School 3 pupils in public schools by 25 percent. The government had approved N248.5m for the payment of the May… February 14, 2020 In "News"