By Sunday John  Lafia  –  The Nasarawa State Government has threatened to withdraw the operational approval for any private schools caught violating the lockdown order by reopening schools for all category of students. Mr Usman Abu, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, made the threat in a statement on Monday in Lafia. ”It has come to the notice of the ministry that some proprietors of private schools have sent messages to parents/guardians to send their children/wards in all classes back to school as from Monday. ”The message by the proprietors has contradicted the directive of the government that only Senior Secondary School (SSS) three students are allowed to resume school for their West African Examination Council (WAEC) examinations. “On no account should any school, public or private, invite students in classes other than SS3 to resume school for now. “To ensure compliance the Ministry has already constituted a task force to monitor the situation and any school found wanting will have approval for its operation withdrawn without hesitation,” Abu warned. Hr therefore advised all management of all the secondary schools to adhere strictly with this directive to avoid any problem. NAN reports that the Nasarawa State Government directed that schools would be reopened for only SSS 3 students to enable them prepare for their final examinations scheduled for Aug. 17. (NAN). By Sunday John Lafia - The Nasarawa State Government has began fumigation of all public schools ahead of partial reopening of school for graduating students, as directed by the Federal Government. The state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Hajia Fati Sabo, made this known while briefing newsmen on Wednesday… August 5, 2020 In "Education" The National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS) in Niger state has set up a task force to inspect the level of compliance of members towards meeting the requirements for the re-opening of schools. The Taskforce, according to the Niger state NAPPS President, Mr Femi Alalade, will inspect all… August 3, 2020 In "News" The news of the approval by the Federal Government of Nigeria that SSS3 classes should reopen on August 4, 2020, to enable the students prepare for their final examinations is a welcome development. This development which exemplifies government’s responsiveness to public opinion is very commendable.  In a statement released by… July 28, 2020 In "Opinion"