Dubai –  The United Arab Emirates (UAE) on Monday announced 229 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total confirmed cases in the country to 64,541. The UAE’s Ministry of Health and Prevention said in a statement the new cases are all in a stable condition and receiving medical treatment. And 100 more patients have recovered from the virus, taking the tally of recoveries in the UAE to 57,794, according to the ministry. It has reported no deaths from COVID-19 during the past 24 hours. The nationwide death toll stands at 364. The UAE was the first among the Gulf countries to report COVID-19 cases. It has been showing solidarity with China in fight against the novel coronavirus. On Feb. 2 and March 12, the iconic landmarks in the UAE, including Burj Khalifa in Dubai, were lit up twice in the colors of China’s national flag. In late April, the Chinese consulate general in Dubai organised an online conference for Chinese doctors and medical experts to share experience in preventing and treating the coronavirus with UAE counterparts. (Xinhua/NAN) Dubai - The United Arab Emirates plans to test two million people, or about 20 per cent of the population, for the novel coronavirus over the next two months. The plan is coming after the infection rate climbed again, following the lifting of restrictions, a government spokesperson said. The regional… July 7, 2020 In "Foreign" Cairo - Iran said on Friday that it was closer to the containment of the COVID-19 outbreak in most of the country. Meanwhile, Turkey is poised to overtake Iran as the hardest-hit country in the Middle East due to rapid growth of new cases. Iran on Friday reported 1,499 new… April 18, 2020 In "Health" The Kenyan government has told members of the public to avoid unnecessary sex and have at least two beds in one household. The government also discouraged any close contact of people with their partners saying that will increase the chance of spreading coronavirus. Kenya has confirmed three more coronavirus cases,… March 23, 2020 In "Foreign"