By Edeki Igafe Warri (Delta) –  The Olu of Warri, Ogiame Ikenwoli, on Wednesday said it would be difficult to relocate Tank farms from their present locations in the residential areas.The monarch made the observation when the House of Representatives Ad hoc Committee on Relocation of Tank Farms in Residential Areas, paid him a courtesy visit in Warri. The committee was led by its Chairman, Rep. Sergius Ogun, and representatives of the Department of Petroleum Resources, Nigerian Port Authority (NPA), NIMASA, Federal Ministry of Environment and the Federal Fire Service.Ikenwoli said the best option was to ensure that stakeholders should operate in a clusters and safe environment.“It is not easy to relocate Tank farms; if you relocate them far away, people will still go there and build near the Tank farms because of commerce. “The best thing is to ensure that stakeholders come together and operate in a safe environment,” the monarch said.The Ad hoc Committee members thereafter proceeded to Ifiekporo in Warri South Local Government Area, to inspect some Tank farms.Among the Tank farms inspected were A&E Petroleum; Aida Energy Limited; Matrix Energy; Matrix Gas; Bluefin; Pinnacle; AYM Shafa Limited and Keonamex Petroleum. Mr Luqman Salam-Alada, who spoke with newsmen on behalf of Matrix Energy, said that the company was safety conscious.“Safety is our goal; we invest so much on safety.“Government should help us construct the second access road that connects the NPA,” he said. Also, Mr Solademi Oludare, a member of staff of AYM Shafa, appealed for the dualisation of the only existing road to the Tank farms.“The issue of road is a major challenge in this area.“We have eight depots in this environment, if government can dualise the only access road, we will appreciate it,” he said.The committee is expected to hold stakeholders’ meeting on Thursday in Benin, Edo. (NAN) By Edeki Igafe Warri (Delta) - The House of Representatives Ad hoc Committee on Tank Farms has expressed displeasure over the construction of residential buildings near the location of Tank Farms in some parts of Delta.Its Chairman, Rep. Sergius Ogun, made the assertion during the committee’s oversight function visit to… August 19, 2020 In "News" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The House of Representatives ad hoc Committee investigating the relocation of petroleum tank farms in residential areas says it will visit farm sites in Port Harcourt, Delta and Lagos State. The chairman of the committee, Rep. Sergius Ogun (PDP-Edo), stated this during an investigative hearing… July 29, 2020 In "Politics" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabimila has inaugurated an ad hoc committee to facilitate the relocation of oil tank farms in residential areas. Gbajabimila who inaugurated the committee on Wednesday in Abuja, charged the lawmaker to act fast to prevent any… July 15, 2020 In "News"