Ibadan  -The Oyo State House of Assembly has urged Gov. Seyi Makinde to assent to the Open Rearing and Grazing Regulations Bill 2019 to become law to curtail the incessant clashes between farmers and cattle herders in the state. This was part of the resolutions of the House on Tuesday while deliberating on a Matter of Urgent Public Importance occasioned by the need to protect the lives and property of farmers and cattle herders in Oriire Local Government Area of the state. The matter was jointly brought to the plenary by Hon. Sanjo Adedoyin, representing Ogbomoso South Constituency and Hon. Jacob Bamigboye, representing Oriire Constituency. The lawmakers told the House of the need to investigate the recent incidents that allegedly led to the death of farmers and the destruction of farmlands in Oriire area of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the House passed the anti-open grazing bill in October 2019. The bill was sponsored by the Speaker, Adebo Ogundoyin; the Deputy Speaker, Abiodun Fadeyi; the Majority Leader, Sanjo Adedoyin and the Minority Leader, Asimiyu Alarape. The bill was, however, opposed by herders who said the legislation would cause “commotion” and they threatened to challenge it the in court. The pastoralists led by Sarkin Fulani of Oyo State, Saliu Abdul-Kadir at Igangan in Ibarapa North Local Government Area, described the bill as “too draconian”. Abdul-Kadir said the bill would cripple herdsmen from practising their age-long cattle rearing activities across the state. Adedoyin alleged that during one of the clashes in 2019, a farmer’s hand was cut off at Boluwaduro area of the state. He also said that last July , a farmer was attacked at Alaropo and his daughter raped while his farmland was destroyed. He added that most of the farmers had been impoverished by the attacks. Bamigboye said that farmers in Tewure, Araromi, Igbo Eleru, Animashaun, Onikoko, Budo-Afa,Kango, and Oko-Oba communities, had tales of woes to narrate from the hands of cattle rearers. The Speaker, Adebo Ogundoyin, while reading the resolutions of the House, directed the Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources to liaise with the Executive arm of government on modalities for the implementation of the bill. The Speaker urged the state government to put urgent measures in place for the effective take off of Amotekun Corps and urged the House Committee on Security and Strategy to update the House on the matter soon. Ogundoyin appealed to the Commissioner of Police to mandate his officers to handle cases involving farmers and herders with fairness and equity to ensure justice. (NAN)