Beijing –  A court in Southern China on Thursday sentenced a Canadian citizen, Xu Weihong, to death for manufacturing drugs. This, the court said, was the third such case since relationship between Canada and China soured two years ago over Canada’s detainment of a Huawei Executive. The Guangzhou Intermediate People’s Court said in a statement on its website that it sentenced Weihong to death for manufacturing drugs. Meanwhile, a Chinese citizen, Wen Guanxiong, was also sentenced to life imprisonment in the same case. Weihong is the third Canadian to be sentenced to death on drug-related charges in China in the past two years, as relations between Beijing and Ottawa turned icy over Canada’s detainment of Huawei Executive Meng Wanzhou. Wanzhou, the daughter of Huawei’s founder, was arrested in December 2018 in Vancouver on a U.S. extradition request. She faces accusations of violating U.S. sanctions against Iran. However, shortly after her arrest, China detained two Canadians, former diplomat Michael Kovrig and entrepreneur Michael Spavor, on accusations of espionage. Critics say their arrest was done in retaliation for Meng’s detainment, while Beijing says Meng’s case is politically motivated. In January 2019, Canadian Robert Lloyd Schellenberg, who was serving a 15-year prison sentence in China for drug smuggling, was suddenly retried and given the death penalty. Also, another Canadian, Fan Wei, received the death penalty for drug trafficking after three months.Drug convictions in China can attract long prison sentences or even the death sentence for trafficking. A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said on Thursday that judicial cases were treated according to the law and that Weihong’s sentencing should not have any impact on China-Canada relations. (dpa/NAN) Beijing/Ottawa -  China warned Canada on Saturday that there would be severe consequences if it did not immediately release Huawei Technologies Co Ltd’s chief financial officer, calling the case “extremely nasty.” Meng Wanzhou, Huawei’s global chief financial officer, was arrested in Canada on Dec. 1, and faces extradition to the… December 8, 2018 In "Foreign" Beijing    -         China on Tuesday blasted Canada for “irresponsible” remarks after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau accused the country of “arbitrarily” sentencing a Canadian to death for drug smuggling, aggravating already icy relations. Beijing and Ottawa have been at odds since early December, when Canadian… January 15, 2019 In "Foreign" New York - Huawei Chief Financial Officer Meng Wanzhou, is set to appear in a Canadian court on Wednesday. Meng is to begin what is expected to be a long legal battle against the United States’ request that she be extradited to face fraud charges. The largely procedural hearing is… May 8, 2019 In "Foreign"