By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Group under the auspices of Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, (CAGG) has called on former Vice President and business mogul, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar to shelve any ambition he might be nursing for the presidency in 2023. Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, pointed out that Northern politicians such as Tanko Yakassai, Paul Nnongo, Balarabe Musa, Governor Nasir El-Rufai, Senate President Ahmed Lawal and others have spoken the minds of the people in the region which Atiku should respect. Recall that Tanko Yakassai had declared that Tinubu would make a better President than Muhammadu Buhari. Some prominent Northern politicians had also in recent weeks declared support for Southern Presidency come 2023. “Tanko Yakassai, Paul Nnongo, Balarabe Musa, Governor El-Rufai, Ahmed Lawal and others will forever be respected and reckoned with, in the scheme of things,” Bamgbose said to Daily Post on Sunday. “They are the new faces of great Nigerians. They deserve to be commended for standing for what is just and equitable. “They have actually spoken the mind of the North. It’s on this basis, I’ll humbly urge Atiku Abubakar, to shelve his presidential ambition come 2023 Presidential elections. “He should respect the views of these noble, patriotic and detribilised Northerners. In 2007, I kicked against the third term of Olusegun Obasanjo, this is well known to Atiku. “In 2005, Atiku graciously granted me a private audience. I told him clearly that third term agenda will fail and to God be the glory, it failed. “The success of third term agenda, would have eternally dented the political image of the Yorubas. I put my life on line to kick against it. “In 2015, I supported Buhari because I believe it’ll be unjust for a Southerner to hold on to power. “This is what is being replicated by these noble Nigerians. One will therefore strongly advise Atiku to jettison his presidential ambition. “The best bet for him is to support a Southerner to emerge as the next President of Nigeria, come 2023. His name will be written in gold, if he will summon the courage to do this. “When it comes to holding this nation together, the North should be respected. As President, the North will never for one day regret they supported a Southerner, to emerge as President. (Daily Post) ...Southerner should succeed Buhari to reduce tension, anxiety —Yakassai...Presidency should alternate between north, south for political stability—Unongo hi...Ex-ACF scribe questions El-Rufai’s sincerity Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Prominent Nigerians of northern extraction have thrown their weight behind call by Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state for the southern part of the… August 22, 2020 In "Top Stories" An Igbo group; World Igbo People’s Assembly (WIPAS), has declared its intention to raise the sum of five hundred billion naira towards the achievement of the 2023 Nigeria Presidency of Igbo Extraction project. Spokesman of the group Chief Emeka Nwachukwu in a release said that it was long overdue for… August 13, 2020 In "News" By Joseph Jibueze, Robert Egbe, AbdulGafar Alabelewe, Kaduna, Raymond Mordi and Musa Odoshimokhe KADUNA State Governor Nasir El-Rufai came under fire on Monday over his suggestion that zoning of political offices should be de-emphasised. Senior lawyers and rights activists believe that El-Rufai is flying a kite so that the North… August 14, 2019 In "Politics"