The Bayelsa State Police Command has launched a manhunt for suspected cultists who murdered four victims and set a house ablaze in the state on Wednesday, August 5. A statement from the spokesperson of the state police command, SP Asinim Butswat said the suspected cultists at about 11pm on Wednesday, stormed the ‘Lion of Judah Church’ in Azikoro village, Yenagoa Local Government Area, Bayelsa State and shot dead four church members. Butswat gave the names of the deceased as Alfred Marcus ‘m’ 30 years, Imomotimi surname unknown 25 years Gabriel Ejimofor ‘m’ 45 years and Uchechukwu Ejimofor ‘f’ 38 years. He added that the suspected cultists set ablaze a nearby building, damaged a vehicle and the church properties. ”Operatives of operation Puff Adder had earlier traced the hideouts of the cultists in the bush, dislodged them and burnt their camp. It is believed that this is a reprisal attack by the suspected cultists. Meanwhile two suspects have been arrested and are cooperating with the Police in their investigation.” the statement read in part Butswat added that the state Commissioner of Police CP Mike Okoli fsi, has visited the scene, reassured members of the community of adequate police protection and ordered for full Investigation to unravel the motive for this dastardly attack. Source By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa -  Suspected cult members desperate to free a detained member of their gang on Tuesday set ablaze the Oporoma Police Division in Southern Ijaw Local Governmemt Area of Bayelsa. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that the cult member who was on Police wanted list… March 21, 2018 In "Metro" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Police in Anambra have nabbed over eight suspected cultists and also foiled cult initiations at Abagana forest and recovered arms and ammunition and other incriminating items as operatives raided various hideouts and blackspots where cultists are suspected to be hibernating in various locations… December 14, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Christian Ogbonna Yenagoa - The Bayelsa command of the Nigeria Police Force, on Tuesday, presented 13 persons suspected to be robbers and cultists in the state. Presenting the suspects to newsmen at the command’s headquarters in Yenagoa, the state’s Commissioner of Police, Mr Shola David, said that the police… April 2, 2019 In "News"