By Bukola Adetoye  Lagos  -Mr Daniel Atokolo, the Commander, National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), Lagos Zone, says that the agency will revamp its synergies with other security agencies to battle human traffickers in the country. Atokolo said this during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Lagos. The NAPTIP commander also said that the agency would not relent in its campaign against human trafficking. According to Atokolo, NAPTIP has paid a courtesy visit to the Zone 2 headquarters of the Nigerian Police in the state to update it on its activities and discussed how both organisations can form a stronger tie to fight human trafficking. “ The Lagos Command of NAPTIP and its team paid a courtesy visit to the Assistant Inspector- General ( AIG). Ahmed lliyasu, in- charge of Zone 2, Lagos. “ The AIG assured NAPTIP of the unflinching support from the police commands within the zone. “ NAPTIP is strengthening ties with the police and other security outfits. “This is to fight the menace of human trafficking and ensure that Nigerians no longer fall prey to human trafficking,” he said. Atokolo added that collaborations between NAPTIP and other security enforcement agencies were pivotal to the growth of the country. “ The synergy is the key instrument that NAPTIP will never relegate to the background in its efforts at tackling human traffickers that wanted to lay siege on Nigeria’s productive population, that is those between 18 years and 40 years and prevent its effects on individual families. “NAPTIP will also work diligently to prevent the long-term effects of human trafficking on the nation’s economy,” he said . The NAPTIP Lagos Zone boss added that the agency would soon pay courtesy visits to the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and other security agencies and fashion out how they could form a stronger alliance to tackle the menace. (NAN) By Bukola Adetoye Lagos - The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP ) on Tuesday said that it would continue to wage war against persons involved in trafficking of persons in and outside the country. The agency’s Commander in Lagos State, Mr Daniel Atokolo, told the… February 25, 2020 In "News" By Deborah Coker Benin - The Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare11, has promised to partner with the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) through advocacy and empowerment in the fight against human trafficking. The Oba made the promise on Friday in his palace, when the new… February 14, 2020 In "News" By Shedrack Frank/Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa - The National Agency for Prohibition of Trafficking In Persons (NAPTIP), says it will collaborate with Bayelsa Government and relevant agencies to combat human trafficking and other related offences in the state. Mrs Ijeoma Uduak, the Zonal Commander of NAPTIP, Benin Zonal Command, said this… June 9, 2020 In "News"