Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Prince said his unlucky with teammates after his team lost yesterday’s Pepsi music task. Yesterday, Nengi and Prince were paired to perform a song from Tiwa savage for the Pepsi music challenge. However, they both forgot their lyrics and their presentation was not organized on stage. Nevertheless, Nengi and Prince did well in the puzzle task for Pepsi, as they were the first housemates to finish their puzzles but unfortunately for them, they were not rewarded for the puzzle task. At the end of the final task, Ozo and Trikytee emerged winners and won N1m cash each, with an all expense paid trip to Dubai. Prince in a discussion with his love interest Tolanibaj, said Nengi made them lose. Unknown to Nengi and Prince, after they won the puzzle, Pepsi rewarded them with all expenses paid trip to Dubai after viewers stormed their page on Twitter to protest. Prince expresses sadly as he blames Nengi for not winning and also said most of the teams he has been paired with in task, does not win most times. Prince said: “I’ve been close every time to winning and now Trikytee and Ozo won. However, some viewers has called out Prince for being a sour loser, as they questioned why he would lay all the blame on Nengi. Below are some reactions from viewers ;  Source Ozo and Trikytee, two Big Brother Naija, BBNaija Lockdown housemates, have won N1milliom each. The housemates won the cash prize alongside an all-expense paid trip to Dubai for music festival and a year supply of Pepsi beverages. Ozo and Trikytee were paired as ‘Team Tekno’ to perform one of his… August 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" On Day 37, 14 Housemates won N4 million. The task for the day had the remaining 14 Housemates cook noodles with special spices and make a cultural presentation of their prepared meals. The Housemates were grouped into seven teams – a male and female housemate per team – and were… August 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" A total of N3 million has been splashed on the remaining 16 Housemates after they won a Guinness sponsored game. The 16 Housemates won the cash prize after the two groups in the house, Blue Team and Black Team, carried out the task with confidence and guts. The Tuesday night… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment"