Barcelona –   The Spanish media showed no mercy to Barcelona after their epic 8-2 defeat by Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-finals. The media called for huge changes at the club after a night that will be difficult to erase from their memory. ‘Historic humiliation’, cried the cover of Barcelona-based newspaper Sport, adding: ‘A ridiculous Barca suffered its biggest defeat in Europe, ending a lamentable season without a trophy for the first time in 12 years.’ Daily Mundo Deportivo described the defeat on its cover as ‘A shameful end to an era’, also declaring that coach Quique Setien would be immediately sacked as coach and that president Josep Maria Bartomeu would call an election imminently. National newspaper AS used the same headline as Sport, adding: ‘The disaster against Barca opens up a crisis with far-reaching consequences at every level of the club.’ Marca used the word ‘shame’ on its cover, adding that Setien, who was hired in January to try and restore some style and flair to the team had ‘one foot and a half out of the door’. Sport gave defender Nelson Semedo a rating of one out of 10 after he was tormented by Alphonso Davies in the build-up to the fifth goal scored by Joshua Kimmich. It gave Setien a rating of zero, adding: ‘He cannot spend one more day in Barca’s dugout.’ AS also said Setien’s days at the club were numbered, adding that former Tottenham Hotspur coach Mauricio Pochettino was waiting in the wings. This was in spite previously saying he would never coach Barca due to his loyalty to former club Espanyol. (Reuters/NAN) Manchester (UK) - There was barely time for the full inquest into Juventus’ exit from the UEFA Champions League to even begin before the club delivered their own blunt verdict. They sacked their coach, Maurizio Sarri. Not so long ago, there would have been surprise, perhaps even some outrage, at… August 10, 2020 In "Sports" Barcelona (Spain) - Barcelona coach, Quique Setien, is pessimistic that the Spanish top flight season will be able to be completed and has called La Liga’s conditions for the campaign recommencing “a non-starter” due to the continued threat of the novel coronavirus. La Liga has been on hold since March… April 16, 2020 In "Sports" ELCHE     -      Spain’s golden era is often described as being constructed on a base of Barcelona players but the team’s future looks set to revolve around footballers from Real Madrid if the resounding 6-0 hammering of Croatia on Tuesday is anything to go by. Four of the six… September 13, 2018 In "Sports"