President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed former Super Eagles skipper Daniel Amokachi as Special Adviser on Sports. The letter of appointment dated August 17 by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation Boss Mustapha reads: “I am pleased to inform you that Muhammadu Buhari, President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has approved your appointment as Special Assistant on Sports. “The appointment takes effect from the 11th of August, 2020.” As Special Assistant on Sports, Amokachi is expected to advise the President on all sports matters. The Former Everton of England player was named Nigeria’s Football Ambassador in 2020. Although a ceremonial role, as Ambassador he is expected to mentor youngsters. Amokachi a.k.a ‘Da Bull’ began his career in Kaduna with Ranchers Bees, played for Club Brugge of Belgium, Besiktas of Turkey, Everton of England and Colorado Rapids. He played in three World Cup finals, won two Africa Cup of Nations as player and Assistant Coach to Stephen Keshi, Austin Eguavoen, Samson Siasia and Lars Largerback. Amokachi also won Gold in the football event of the Atlanta 1996 Olympics. Since his career was truncated by injury, he has coached the U-23 National Team, served as Assistant Coach of the Super Eagles and coached Nasarawa United. Source Daniel Amokachi jubilates after scoring during the USA 94 World Cup By Olanrewaju Akojede Lagos - Former Super Eagles striker and Nigerian Football Ambassador, Daniel Amokachi, has been appointed Special Assistant on Sports to President Mohammadu Buhari. Amokachi’s appointment was announced in a statement by the Media Officer to the… August 20, 2020 In "Sports" Daniel Amokachi President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed retired Nigerian professional footballer, former Super Eagles player and Assistant Coach, Daniel Amokachi, Nigeria’s Football Ambassador. Amokachi, a member of the 1994 Super Eagles Team that won the African Nations Cup in Tunisia, was also in the Nigerian Olympic Football Team to the… February 4, 2020 In "Sports" Abuja - Former Nigeria captain Daniel Amokachi has said the practice of local coaches being bribed to invite players into the country’s national teams is endemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that in spite of no one being found guilty of the accusation, there have long been suspicions… December 23, 2016 In "Sports"