The Federal Government has directed civil servants on Grade Levels 12 and 13 as well as those on essential duties to resume full duties. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, Dr. Folashade Yemi-Esan, gave the directive in a circular dated August 10, 2020. The circular was titled “Resumption of officers on Grade Levels 12 and !3 and those on essential duties”. Before now, as part efforts to curtail further spread of COVID-19, only workers on Grade Level 14 and above are resuming at their duty posts, and they only work three days in a week. But Yemi-Esan, in the circular, added that all workers resuming for work will henceforth work from Monday to Friday and from 8 am to 4 pm. She wrote, “Following Mr President’s approval of the recommendation of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, officers on Grade Levels 12 and 13, and those on essential services are hereby directed to be in the office every working day (Monday to Friday) with effect from Monday, August 10, 2020. “Also, the officers and those affected by earlier circulars on resumption of duty are now to resume by 8 am and close by 4 pm daily. “Permanent Secretaries/Chief Executive Officers are to define the officers performing essential services in their MDAs. “However, in doing so, consideration must be given to the health implication of the number to recall for duties in the light of the extant guidelines on the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 pandemic.” As they resume work daily, Yemi-Esan asked the officers to ensure full compliance with the directives and advice on the COVID-19 pandemic preventive measures, including maintenance of physical distancing, regular washing and/or sanitising of hands and wearing of face masks. She added that efforts should be made to avoid overcrowding in individual offices. “Where the number of staff resuming work is large, Permanent Secretaries/Chief Executive Officers should consider the option of duty rosters,” she added. (Punch) Kaduna State has directed its civil servants to report to work on Monday, July 20 after working remotely for over three months at home following invocation of the Quarantine Act and Kaduna State Public Health Law, which quarantined all residents on March 26. A circular by office of the Head… July 18, 2020 In "News" By Okon Okon Abuja - The Federal Government has directed civil servants between grade level 12 and below to stay and work from home, with effect from Tuesday, March 24, until further notice. Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan, Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, made the disclosure in a statement… March 24, 2020 In "News" By Okon Okon Abuja - The Federal Government on Thursday directed officers on Grade Level 14 and above as well as those on essential services to resume work with effect from Monday, May 4. Dr Folasade Yemi–Esan, Head of Civil Service of the Federation (HOCSF), gave the directive in a… April 30, 2020 In "Politics"