Abuja (Sundiata Post) – One of the 12 traditional rulers suspended by Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, has confessed to have erred, asking the governor to forgive him. Igwe MacAnthony Okonkwo, of Alor Community, Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State, openly apologised to Obiano and the Traditional Rulers’ Council for violating certain rules guiding the operation of monarchs in the state. But others insist the governor has no right to meddle in their fundamental rights in any way as custodians of the people Obiano, had on Friday, clamped suspension on 12 of the monarchs for visiting President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja. Okonkwo of Alor, was among the 12 traditional rulers suspended for one year by the state government for travelling to Abuja reportedly with Prince Arthur Eze, an international oil magnate The suspension was contained in a circular signed by the Commissioner for Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs, Greg Obi. Read Also: Obiano’s test of wills with monarchsIt said that the monarchs were suspended because they travelled outside the state without approval by the government. But reacting at the weekend during a press conference in his palace, the Alor monarch admitted his wrongdoing and tendered an “unreserved apology” to Obiano He said, “It was a serious slip on my part not to have informed the government about the trip to Abuja before embarking on it. I therefore tender an unreserved apology.” Okonkwo denied the rumour that he was induced with money and gifts before agreeing to accompany Prince Eze to see President Buhari. He said that the money he was seen counting was meant for his driver and other aides for their upkeep and wondered how somebody of his status who had made money before becoming a king would be accused of taking bribes. “How can they call it a bribe? What kind of bribe is that? That is total fallacy? I was counting out money for my driver and other aides for fuel and their welfare. “I have never taken any bribe in my life from anybody. But if I wish to do so, you have to pack Ghana-Must-Go bags of dollars up to 10 or 20, if I receive them, then you will be talking about bribes.” ”Secondly, Ndi Igwe do not have constitutional right to remove the governor or do anything to him. We are not lawmakers who have such constitutional rights,” the monarch said One of the 12 traditional rulers suspended by Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, has confessed to have erred, asking the governor to forgive him. Igwe MacAnthony Okonkwo, of Alor Community, Idemili South local government area of Anambra State, openly apologized to Obiano and the Traditional Rulers’ Council for violating… August 15, 2020 In "News" The battle of supremacy between Anambra Governor Willie Obiano and traditional rulers has heightened tension in the State. Obiano suspended 12 more traditional rulers for visiting President Muhammadu Buhari last week. He had suspended monarch of Ukwulu, Igwe Peter Uyanwa, over alleged petitions from his community. He also withdrew the… August 13, 2020 In "News" Anambra State government led by Governor Willie Obiano through its Ministry of Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs has suspended 12 traditional rulers for travelling without permission earlier in the week. The traditional rulers were reported to have followed oil magnate and billionaire, Arthur Eze to Abuja on a visit… August 14, 2020 In "News"