By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi –   The Kebbi Government has begun training of 2,212 public primary and secondary school teachers on COVID-19 protocols, following the reopening of schools for exiting students in the state. The Executive Secretary of the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Hajiya Fatima Abubakar-Udulu, flagged off the training in Birnin Kebbi with 15 master trainers. She said that the 15 master trainers would be trained so as to subsequently train the targeted teachers. She said that 1,901 head teachers, 112 junior secondary schools’ principals, 115 teachers and 84 supervisors would be trained for seven days. Abubakar-Udulu said that the training was organised in collaboration with the State Task Torce on COVID-19 Control. She added that the training was made possible owing to the financial support secured from the Federal Government. “To ensure absolute safety control measures for our students and teachers against COVID-19 pandemic, SUBEB in collaboration with the state Task Force on COVID-19 Control is giving training to 1,901 head teachers, 112 JSS principals, 115 teachers and 84 supervisors,” she said. The Chairman of the task force, Alhaji Jafar Mohammed, said the training was aimed at enforcing the safety guidelines for the control of COVID-19 pandemic among the pupils, students and teachers while in school. Mohammed who is the state Commissioner for Heath, said: “The safety guidelines of 20 students per classroom must be strictly adhered to. “It is only the exiting students that are in the schools; so there are sufficient classrooms for such safety measures,” he said. (NAN) By Sunday John Lafia - The Nasarawa State Government has began fumigation of all public schools ahead of partial reopening of school for graduating students, as directed by the Federal Government. The state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Hajia Fati Sabo, made this known while briefing newsmen on Wednesday… August 5, 2020 In "Education" File photo By Segun Giwa AKURE - The Ondo State Government has commenced the fumigation of its schools across the 18 local government areas of the state as part of safety measures ahead of the partial resumption of schools amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Mr Akin Asaniyan, the Permanent Secretary in… August 2, 2020 In "Education" Health experts have kicked against federal government’s plan to reopen schools, according to a report by ThisDay. Experts say the decision was ill-timed and capable of slowing down the fight against COVID-19 in Nigeria. Speaking to THISDAY Thursday, the President, Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN), Mazi Sam Ohuabunwa, said the… May 29, 2020 In "Education"