By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja –   Vice President Yemi Osinbajo says the Federal Government intends to examine every possible option in the development and distribution of a vaccine against the COVID-19 disease. Osinbajo’s spokesman, Laolu Akande, in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja, said the vice president spoke at a virtual meeting with representatives of Pfizer and Biotech pharmaceutical firms. Pfizer and Biotech are the international pharmaceutical firms promoting the BNT162 vaccine candidate. The meeting was attended by Health Minister, Dr Osagie Ehanire, and the Executive Director of the National Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr Faisal Shuaib, with representatives of Pfizer and Biotech. According to Osinbajo, the interaction between the Federal Government and the promoters of the vaccine candidate is an important conversation. “It is important for us that we are prioritised as the largest country in Africa in the distribution of the best COVID-19 vaccine when it is eventually ready. “Our priority is the health of the Nigerian citizens; we continue to engage and intend to look at every possible option from all manufacturers of a good vaccine. “We want to do the very best for our people in this regard,” he said. The vice president asked several questions about the COVID-19 vaccine candidate including how quickly Nigeria could get the vaccine once it was safely ready. Responding, Mr Subair Olayinka, the Pfizer Country Manager and Representative in Africa, who spoke for the promoters, said that Nigeria would be a priority for the vaccine supply to Africa. He said that although the vaccine trials were not going on in Nigeria at present, the trials were ongoing in parts of the African continent. Olayinka said that the trials would be entering the third phase having concluded the first two phases successfully. On his part, Ehanire said that the Federal Government would consider quality, appropriate volume and how well and quick a vaccine could be delivered to Nigeria in deciding which manufacturer to make the supply.(NAN) By Mariana Mazzucato and Azzi Momenghalibaf The search for treatments and vaccines to curb transmission of the new coronavirus is in overdrive. Fortunately, there are a number of promising candidates thanks to the U.S. government’s investment in biomedical research and development. Since the 2003 SARS outbreak, the United States has… March 19, 2020 In "News" (The Kano Vaccine Case and The Duping Of Illiterate trusting Kano denizens, denizens who trusted their lawyer and government) Ikem Isiekwena a lawyer under Osinbajo's chambers and a dear friend back in law department Uniben (he represented APC in that debate vs PDP on National TV) accused me of lying… October 19, 2018 In "Social Media Feeds" The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire receiving some consignment of essential medicines from Mr Abhay Thakur, the High Commissioner of India to Nigeria on Friday in Abuja By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The Federal Government on Friday solicited the collaboration of Government of India to produce vaccine against the… July 17, 2020 In "News"