By Akeem Abas Ibadan –   The Reconciliation Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State has called on aggrieved members and groups in the party to forget about the past and reunite to ensure collective success. This was  part of the resolutions agreed on at the party’s stakeholders meeting held on Saturday in Ibadan. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that the stakeholders meeting was organised by the party’s reconciliation committee headed by former Gov. Adebayo Alao-Akala. Alao-Akala charged all members to put behind them their grievances and unite toward building a formidable party. “We all offended ourselves and we should all imbibe the spirit of forgiveness. This is why we have invited all aggrieved members. “What we are doing is to bring everybody together to discuss a way forward for the party. I am very sure that with the commitment of all to a united party, the success of APC is guaranteed in future outings,” he said. The former governor, who called for collective efforts within the APC, stressed that all groups must be collapsed into a united party. He assured members of the committee’s readiness to amicably address all issues raised by aggrieved members in the overall interest of the party. Alao-Akala urged party members to contribute to party building before pursuing personal aspirations. Other speakers at the meeting were Sen. Teslim Folarin(APC-Oyo Central), Rep. Segun Odebunmi (APC- Surulere/Ogo-Oluwa), Chief Adebayo Adelabu, Chief Joseph Tegbe and Chief Niyi Akintola, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria. Others were Prof. Taoheed Adedoja, Dr Olusola Ayandele, Dr Azeez Adeduntan, Chief Adegboyega Adegoke, Chief Lowo Obisesan, Mr Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye, Sen. Brimoh Yusuff and Dr Adepeju Esan. In their separate remarks, they acknowledged the fact that there were grievances to be addressed by the committee, urging members to reunite in the interest of the party. A communique issued after the meeting stated that the committee re-affirmed its resolve to be an unbiased umpire in the reconciliation process. The committee, which stated that the success of the reconciliation exercise must be collective, enjoined members to work for the success of the party. It resolved that party structures must be supported and strengthened while discipline should be maintained. (NAN) By Akeem Abas Ibadan - Chief Lowo Obisesan, the Chairman of APC Reconciliation Committee in Oyo State has assured aggrieved members of the party of fairness in the ongoing reconciliation process. Obisesan gave the assurance in Ibadan while meeting with aggrieved members from the 33 local governments in the state.… January 17, 2020 In "Politics" Igboho - The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Orelope State Constituency of Oyo State has expressed confidence in winning the Aug. 20 bye-election into the State House of Assembly. This is contained in a statement jointly signed by Mr Dauda Kolawole, the Chairman of Mr Jimoh Gbadamosi Campaign Committee, and… August 14, 2016 In "Politics" By Akeem Abas Ibadan -   A former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala, has directed his supporters to stay away from the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary billed for Sunday. The directive was contained in a statement issued on Saturday in Ibadan by Jeremiah Akande, the Head of… September 30, 2018 In "Politics"