By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Ekiti state government on Monday announced the suspension of a school principal who was not available in the school on Sunday when the governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, visited some schools in the state on the level of compliance with the COVID-19 protocols. Recall that studens in Senior Secondary Schools Three in Ekiti State resumed on Monday preparatory to the commencement of West African Senior School Certificate Examinations. The Commissioner for Education, Foluso Daramola, who announced the suspension of the Principal of Methodist Girls High School, Ifaki Ekiti, directed her to “hand over the management of the school to the most senior vice principal in the school pending the conclusion of appropriate disciplinary action by the Teaching Service Commission.” A public service announcement signed by the Assistant Director (Information), Kunle Adeniyi, on behalf of the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, stated, “At Methodist Girls High School, Ifaki Ekiti, the principal was not available to receive the governor and his entourage and making the monitoring exercise impossible in the school in spite of the notice from the Ministry of Education.” The statement quoted Fayemi as saying that schools must ensure that the sitting arrangement of students was done to conform with COVID-19 protocol for physical distancing and to allow teachers’ unhindered movement around the classrooms. Ariwodola Idowu Ado-Ekiti - The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi on Friday approved N24 million for the payment of administrative charges for 13,390 candidates in public secondary schools across Ekiti schools. The News Agency of Nigeria, (NAN) reports that beneficiaries are candidates who will be writing the April/May… March 2, 2019 In "News" By Sunday John Lafia - The Nasarawa State Government has began fumigation of all public schools ahead of partial reopening of school for graduating students, as directed by the Federal Government. The state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Hajia Fati Sabo, made this known while briefing newsmen on Wednesday… August 5, 2020 In "Education" Ado-Ekiti - Ekiti State Government says it will begin to fumigate all public schools in preparation for the resumption of students of certificate classes. This is contained in a statement, signed by Kunle Adeniyi, Assistant Director of Information in the state’s Ministry of Education, Science and Technology on Wednesday in… July 8, 2020 In "News"