Beijing  – China said it has made headway in cracking down on illegal online businesses, said a report on the country’s cybersecurity in 2019. China’s National Computer Network Emergency Response Technical Team detected over 500 illegal online business platforms in 2019 , involving online payment and promotion of gambling websites, said the report released by the agency on Tuesday. The agency also recorded an average of more than 700,000 daily website attacks in 2019, mainly targeting operators of e-commerce, livestreaming and chess and card games. Over 210 illegal online business companies have been shut down by police, with more than 14,000 suspects captured, since a nationwide campaign to clean up the cyberspace was launched in January 2019, said the report. It added that the number of websites with hidden links to gambling sites had dropped below 1,000 from more than 10,000 by the end of 2019, it added. The report noted that while efforts are being made to improve data security, public awareness on protection of personal information needs to be raised. (dpa/NAN) (Reuters) - China has dropped some of the world's leading technology brands from its approved state purchase lists, while approving thousands more locally made products, in what some say is a response to revelations of widespread Western cybersurveillance. Others put the shift down to a protectionist impulse to shield China's… February 26, 2015 In "News" BY PAUL CARSTEN AND DEEPA SEETHARAMAN BEIJING/SAN FRANCISCO - Alibaba is taking a tougher line against counterfeit items sold on its online marketplaces as the Chinese e-commerce giant heads towards a U.S. stock listing that could be the world's biggest technology company IPO. Some security experts say the Chinese group's… May 14, 2014 In "News" (Reuters) - Some of China's largest Internet companies deleted more than 60,000 online accounts because their names did not conform to regulations due to take effect on Sunday, the top Internet regulator said. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Tencent Holdings Ltd, Baidu Inc, Sina Corp affiliate Weibo Corp and other companies… February 28, 2015 In "News"