By Joy Odigie Uzebba (Edo)   -Prof. Idia Ize-Iyamu, wife of the All Progressive Congress (APC) candidate in the Edo Governorship election, has called on women to vote en mass for her husband in the Sept. 19 election for women development. Speaking at a campaign rally at Uzebba, Owan West Local government Area, comprising women from Owan West, Owan East and Akoko Edo councils, Ize-Iyamu said her husband’s SIMPLE agenda supported women and youth empowerment. She said, “we are here to tell you that our governorship candidate will boost your businesses, create jobs for your children and care about your welfare. ” He will also support your farming activities and ensure your markets have water and toilet facility.” She said that being a medical practitioner, she would assist her husband if elected to revamp the health sector of the state. “Most of our hospitals lack doctors, nurses, drugs, I will ensure that all these are provided in our state government hospitals so that you can access good medical services. “I will ensure that elderly people and children with special needs get access to free medical services”. Ize-Iyamu also assured of her husband’s readiness to address the infrastructure decay in the state education sector. She called on women and other voters not to be intimidated while casting their votes, and also educated the women on how to cast their votes rightly on the election day. Thousands of women and other voters turned out at the campaign rally. (NAN) By Joy Odigie Ekpoma (Edo) - Pastor Osage Ize-Iyamu, the All Progressive Congress (APC), governorship candidate in the Edo 2020 election has promised to revive rice production in Ekpoma, Esan West Local Government Council of the state. Ize-iyamu lamented that Ekpoma, which used to be the hub of local rice… August 13, 2020 In "Politics" By Joy Odigie Benin -Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the Edo Sept. 19 governorship election has promised to revamp the industrial sector of the state if elected governor. Mr John Mayaki, Chairman, Edo APC Media Campaign Council, disclosed this in a statement issued on… August 19, 2020 In "Politics" •Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu  ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Minister of State for Budget and National Planning, Prince Clem Ikanade Agba, has congratulated the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu and his running mate, Hon. Gani Audu, on their emergence as the party’s joint governorship… July 2, 2020 In "Politics"