The Conference of Nigeria Political Parties (CNPP) on Monday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to order the immediate publication of the list of all members of the National Assembly, and any other Nigerian, who were involved in contract scam at the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The CNPP urged the Interim Management Committee (IMC), of the NDDC to: “never to be cowed by the National Assembly, which has never been conclusive in any probe”. In a statement issued on by its Secretary General, Chief Willy Ezugwu, while reacting to media report credited to the Executive Director in charge of Projects at the NDDC, Dr. Cairo Ojougboh, who alleged that if the list of those involved in looting the commission is released the country will break, the CNPP demanded for the arrest and prosecution of those involved in the contract scam. Ezugwu said: “The CNPP has been in series of consultations with critical civil society stakeholders to take a position on the ongoing probe of the NDDC. “However, it became imperative to call on President Muhammadu Buhari to take seriously the allegation that some members of the National Assembly are plotting to stall the forensic audit ordered by himself. “It is cheering news to hear that the new NDDC Interim Management Committee, IMC, has resolved to ensure the conclusion of the forensic audit despite the alleged efforts of the National Assembly to muzzle the IMC and frustrate the exercise. “Having concluded the first leg of the audit the nation awaits the second and final leg. But, before then, we urge President Buhari to order the immediate publication of the list of all members of the National Assembly, and any other Nigerian who have been involved in contract scam at the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC. “Until this is done to put an end to the ongoing cat and mouse game between the National Assembly and the NDDC management, the world will continue to laugh at the mention of anti-corruption war in Nigeria.” The Nation Kayode Oyero The Niger Delta Development Commission has invited the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to inaugurate a 29-kilometre Ogbia-Nembe Road in Bayelsa State. The commission, in a statement on Tuesday, titled ‘NDDC Invites President Buhari To Commission Signature Project’, said the project, which cuts across 14 communities, costs… August 4, 2020 In "Politics" The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has expressed the readiness of its Interim Management Committee (IMC) led by Prof. Keme Pondei to appear before the National Assembly following an allegation of N40bn scam. The commission’s Director, Corporate Affairs, Charles Odili, in statement in Port Harcourt on Friday, said though there… May 8, 2020 In "News" The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has disclosed that the list of contract beneficiaries released by Godswill Akpabio, minister of Niger Delta affairs, is authentic and was not compiled by him. Prominent names on the list compiled in 2018 are former Governors, Orji Uzor Kalu (Abia), James Ibori (Delta}, Emmanuel… August 5, 2020 In "News"