Air Peace has sacked over 70 pilots across its fleet types as the negative impact of COVID-19 pandemic continues to take a huge toll on its operations. The airline said it had to take the “painful but rightful” decision in the face of the devastating effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations and financial health. It said the job erasure for pilots amongst it over 3000 staff became imperative because it could not afford to continue fulfill its financial obligations without carrying out restructuring of its entire operations to survive the times. Besides, the carrier said the painful decision was to keep its operations afloat after it carried out a raft of measures including cut of zero to 40 per cent in the salaries of staff. In a statement in Lagos on Monday, the airline management said such move was critical to sustain its operations and survive the times. The statement reads: “This decision is inevitable under the circumstances we find ourselves. In order to protect the continuity of majority of the existing jobs and the possibility of creating new ones in future, the survival of the airline is of paramount importance. When everything comes back to normal those pilots affected today will have a place to come back to in future if they so wish. “Anything short of what we have done may lead to the collapse of an airline as could be seen in some places worldwide during this period. “Therefore, we decided to review the salaries being paid to all staff. The new salaries reflect zero to 40 per cent cut of the former salary depending on the salary grades of every staff. “Even after the cuts, it was obvious for us to be able to sustain our operations and survive the times, some jobs must inevitably have to go.” The Nation As the airline industry across the world continues to take a beating following the suspension of most local and international flights, Nigeria’s largest commercial airline, Arik Air, on Thursday informed staff it would cut the salaries of its employees by a whopping 80 per cent, PREMIUM TIMES reports. In an… April 24, 2020 In "News" By Yusuf Yunus Ikeja - Air Peace on Friday announced measures for protecting its numerous passengers and staff against the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) The airline’s Safety Manager, Captain Godfrey Ogbogu, made this known in a statement in Lagos on Friday. Ogbogu explained that all passengers of the airline would… March 14, 2020 In "News" Major airports in the country will begin operations in the next few days after weeks of inactivity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. The airports are the Murtala Mohammed Airport, Ikeja; Nnamdi Azikiwe Airport, Abuja; Aminu Kano Arport, Kano and the Port Harcourt Airport, Choba, Rivers State. The Federal Government… May 29, 2020 In "News"