Sydney  –  Australian wine exports to China became the centre of a new trade wrangle on Tuesday as China launched an investigation into whether Australian winemakers were dumping wine at cheap prices, taking customers away from local producers. Any move to threaten Australia’s wine exports to China would hit the industry hard as China is more than a third of the 3 billion-Australian-dollar (2.17-million-dollar) wine export market. Australian Trade Minister, Simon Birmingham said in Adelaide, as cited by the national broadcaster ABC, said China’s move was troubling and unjustified. “This is a very disappointing and perplexing development. “Australian wine is not sold at below market prices and exports are not subsidised. “Australia will engage fully with the Chinese processes to strongly argue the case that there are no grounds to uphold the claims being made,’’ Birmingham said. Report says the move against Australian wine follows China’s earlier trade restrictions on Australian beef and barley, and official warnings to Chinese students against studying in Australia. Relations between Australian and China have become strained after Australia supported democracy in Hong Kong, banned Huawei from Australia’s 5G network, and criticised China’s territorial expansion and militarisation of the South China Sea. China is Australia’s largest export market, buying 26 per cent of exports, valued at 235 billion Australian dollars, an increase of four per cent over the past 12 months. (dpa/NAN) Singapore - The dollar crept off milestone lows against other majors, on Thursday, and held on to gains against the yuan, as heightened Sino-U.S. tensions kept currency markets cautious. The United States gave China until Friday to close its consulate in Houston amid accusations of spying and President Donald Trump… July 23, 2020 In "Foreign" Hong Kong  -   More gloomy date out of China on Tuesday kept Asian stock markets on the backfoot after they hit a two-month high in the previous session. Meanwhile, the dollar extended its slide as investors grew wary ahead of major central bank meetings. The softer backdrop saw spreadbetters… March 8, 2016 In "Business" Sydney/Taipei/Beijing/Tokyo - Australian stocks plunged almost 4 per cent Monday wiping 60 billion Australian dollars (43.4 billion U.S. dollars) or two years of gains from the market. Mining, energy and finance stocks were the hardest hit amid fears concerning the ongoing plunge of shares in China. August is turning out… August 24, 2015 In "Foreign"