Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Prince, on Thursday, broke down in tears in the reality show. Prince got emotional during his diary session with Biggie after he was asked to send a message to two people outside the house. He told Big Brother that he is feeling down and good at the same time. When asked why, Prince broke down in tears, saying he and his elder brother were not in good terms before he got into the show. According to him, his brother has always been there for him and just before he came for BBNaija, his elder brother asked him for a favour and he turned him down instantly. However, being in the house has made him realize that his brother has never said no to him and he has come to value him. He then apologised to his brother during his diary session. “We did not grow up together but I always admired him. However, we never had an understanding and quarreled a lot after he got back into the country. “Last Christmas, we had a big fight and we did not speak for a long time till I left for quarantine for BBNaija where I got a call from him. “He said somethings to me that he has never said to anyone and I also did. “I just want to apologise to him and ask him to forgive me. “Being in the house has made me realize and value his sacrifices,” Prince told Biggie. #Prince breaks down in tears #BBNaijia #bbnaija2020 #BBNaijaLockdown pic.twitter.com/yDdFiRslfC Source Big Brother Naija 2018 housemate, Tobi has asked Biggie to give him a box of chocolate so that he could apologies to Cee-C, after putting the 25-year-old lawyer and her pair, Lolu up for eviction. Recall that on Monday night, Tobi put Cee-C and Lolu up for eviction, but saved… March 1, 2018 In "Entertainment" Fans shared divergent views on social media platforms especially twitter following the epic and blunt diary session of Omasola, one of the housemates of the ongoing reality show BBNaija (S) 4. The 38-year-old model previously caught viewers attention for sharing an emotional life story and breaking down on Wednesday. He… July 5, 2019 In "Entertainment" Omashola during a conversation with Frodd, broke down into tears while narrating his story.   Big Brother Naija, BBNaija 2019 housemate, Omashola last night opened up to fellow housemate, Frodd, on how he lost his ex-girlfriend due to his bad behaviour. Omashola during a conversation with Frodd, broke down into tears while… August 5, 2019 In "Entertainment"