According to the police, one Shamsiya Sani of the Dandagoro Quarter, Katsina, was delivered of the baby on July 25, 2020. Punch reported that the mother reportedly abandoned the baby shortly after delivery and left behind a handwritten note, which explained that she took the action because the baby was born out of wedlock. The police said the two nurses at the hospital, Misira Tijani and Grace Ejigu, picked up the baby and allegedly sold her to one Eucharia Onyema. The three women were paraded at the headquarters of the state police command on Monday. The command’s spokesman, SP Gambo Isah, said the driver of a commercial tricycle hired by the three women took them to the Sabongarin Police Division after eavesdropping on their conversation. “The baby is already receiving attention at the Social Welfare Department of the state Ministry of Youths and Social Development,” Isah added. The nurses, however, denied selling the baby, insisting that they gave her to Eucharia Onyema on humanitarian grounds. “We took the step on humanitarian grounds. We never sold the baby. The only mistake we made was not informing the hospital management before taking the action,” Tijani said. Eucharia insisted that she did not buy the baby, adding that she collected her from the nurses with a view to taking care of her since she had no child of her own. Source By Zubairu Idris Katsina -   A mother has abandoned her day-old baby boy at an uncompleted building in the Government Reservation Area (GRA), in Katsina, Katsina State, the Police/Public Relations Officer(PPRO), DSP Gambo Isah, said on Monday. The PPRO told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Katsina that… March 7, 2017 In "News" By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja, - A five-day-old baby allegedly abducted in their home in Ijagbe commmunity, Mopa-Muro Local Government Area, Kogi, is yet to be found 10 days after the incident. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learnt that the incident occurred at about 8 p.m. om April 11 when… April 22, 2019 In "Metro" Onitsha, Upper Iweka, to be precise in Anambra State, has over the years been notorious for all forms of atrocities and nefarious activities. It’s a place where the good, the bad and the ugly congregate, twenty four hours a day. Despite several efforts by successive governments, including the current administration,… May 31, 2020 In "News"