Colombo –  Sri Lankan police are probing an incident in which a cat was allegedly used to smuggle drugs and contraband into a high-security prison, officials said on Monday. Prison officials found the cat on Saturday with a small parcel tied to its neck, entering the Welikada prison in Colombo, the capital. Prison officials found 1.8 grams of heroin, two SIM cards, and a memory chip used for mobile phones. “The cat was detained in a room inside the prisons to facilitate investigations, but has escaped from the room,” police said. However, investigations are proceeding to determine if the cat had been used previously to smuggle drugs and contraband. Police will check CCTV footage and interview prisoners. The incident comes shortly after a person attempted to throw a ball packed with heroin into the same prison and was arrested. It also comes in the wake of tightening security in prisons to prevent smuggling in phones and drugs into prisons. President Gotabaya Rajapaksa has directed prison officials to strengthen security in prisons after reports that prison inmates were still coordinating criminal activities by mobile phone. At least three prison officials who helped prisoners by helping them get goods like mobile phones were arrested on Sunday. (dpa/NAN) A Brazilian drug dealer who attempted to smuggle himself out of prison while dressed as his daughter has hanged himself in his cell. Clauvino da Silva, 42, was serving a decades-long sentence when he was caught trying to break out of jail last Saturday, disguised as his daughter. He was… August 6, 2019 In "Metro" Security operatives have busted a Nigerian running a drug cartel right from his prison cell.   A Nigerian jailed in India has been busted for running an interstate drug racket from inside the Kapurthala Prison in Punjab. The Nigerian simply identified as Victor was busted after India’s Counter Intelligence Wing Jalandhar arrested… July 30, 2019 In "Entertainment" Minna- Gunmen suspected to be armed robbers on Saturday attacked Minna Medium Prison, broke into the cells and set 270 inmates free. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that three members of the gang dressed in `Jalamia’ (robe), stormed the facility at about 4.30p.m. They over powered and disarmed… December 6, 2014 In "News"