By Harrison Arubu New York –  Hollywood actor, Chadwick Boseman, who played King T’Challa in the 2018 American superhero movie, “Black Panther,” is dead, aged 43. He died in Los Angeles, California, on Friday evening after a four-year battle with colon cancer, his family said in a statement on his official Twitter handle. According to Wikipedia, Boseman’s ancestors is partly from the Yoruba ethnic group in Nigeria, and partly from the Krio and Limba in Sierra Leone. “It is with immeasurable grief that we confirm the passing of Chadwick Boseman. “Chadwick was diagnosed with stage III colon cancer in 2016 and battled with it these last four years as it progressed to stage IV. “A true fighter, Chadwick persevered through it all and brought you many of the films you have to love so much,” it said. The statement disclosed that several movies featuring the late actor, including Da 5 Bloods and Black Bottom, were filmed during and between countless surgeries and chemotherapy for him. The family added that it was the honour of his career to bring King T’Challa to life in Black Panther. “He died in his home, with his wife and family by his side,” they stated, thanking his fans for their love and prayers for him. Born in South Carolina, Chadwick attended the famous HBCU, Howard University and graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Fine Arts, according to entertainment magazine, TMZ. (NAN) By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - ‘Black Panther’ star, Chadwick Boseman will produce and star as Japan’s first African samurai in the historical film, ‘Yasuke’. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Boseman gained global recognition as T’Challa in the Marvel flick and is known for portraying strong, iconic black characters… May 8, 2019 In "Entertainment" Fans of American actor, Chadwick Boseman who played Tchalla in Marvel’s Black Panther, have expressed worry over the star's drastic weight loss. In a recent video, Boseman spoke about his partnership with Operation 42 in honor of Jackie Robinson Day and announced a donation of $4.2 million worth of personal… April 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Abuja        Katy Perry came as an archangel, Rihanna dressed like the pope, and Kim Kardashian was a golden goddess for New York’s Met Gala on Monday on a night of high fashion inspired by religion. The Met Gala, formally called the Costume Institute Gala and also known as the Met… May 8, 2018 In "Entertainment"