New York  – Bob and Mike Bryan, the most successful men’s doubles team in the history of tennis, are bringing the curtain down on their 22-year professional career, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. The Bryans, 42, captured a professional era record 119 titles together, including 16 Grand Slams, 39 ATP Masters 1000s and the ATP Finals title four times. “We just both feel it in our guts that it is the right moment,” Mike told the New York Times. “At this age it takes so much work to go out there and compete. “We love playing still but we don’t love getting our bodies ready to get out there. We want to go out right now where we still have some good tennis left.” The Californian pair were the top-ranked doubles team in the world for 438 weeks and became the first team to clinch a Career Golden Masters in 2014 with their Shanghai triumph. They also won Olympic gold at London 2012 and were part of the U.S. Davis Cup-winning team in 2007. “We weren’t in this last year to just play the matches and to get points or to make money,” Bob said. “It was to really say our thank-yous to everybody and feel the atmosphere one last time.” Mike claimed two more Grand Slam titles with Jack Sock in 2018 after his brother was sidelined with a hip injury. The Bryans will exit on a winning note, having lifted the Delray Beach Open title in February before the season was halted by the COVID-19 pandemic. (Reuters/NAN) Melbourne    -     Reactions from tennis and the sports world has trailed Andy Murray’s announcement on Friday that this year’s Australian Open could be his last professional tournament. According to former world number one Billie Jean King:“@andy_murray You are a champion on and off the court. So sorry you cannot retire… January 11, 2019 In "Sports" Improbable as it seemed when Novak Djokovic had elbow surgery in February before slumping into a crisis of confidence, the Serb was guaranteed a return to world number one on Wednesday. The 31-year-old did not even have to swing a racket either as Rafael Nadal, who had occupied top spot,… November 1, 2018 In "Sports" New York   -   Serena Williams will be “ready to go” when she returns to action this week in U.S’s Fed Cup first round tie against the Netherlands, captain Kathy Rinaldi said on Wednesday. Williams has not played a WTA tournament since she won the Australian Open title last year. She… February 8, 2018 In "Sports"