North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has reportedly gone into a coma. According to multiple reports coming out of the country, his sister Kim Yo Jong is set to take command. Chang Song-min, an ex-aide to late-South Korean president Kim Dae-jung believes North Korea is hiding the truth about their leader’s health despite reports that Kim was pictured just a few days ago. Pictures emerged last Thursday, August 20, showing Kim attending a government meeting but news outlet Reuters said it could not “independently verify” the images as they were released by the secretive country.” Speaking with local media, Chang Song-min said: “I assess him to be in a coma, but his life has not ended.” He spoke as North Korea reportedly handed over some powers to the dictator’s sister Kim Yo-jong, 33. Chang added: “A complete succession structure has not been formed, so Kim Yo-jong is being brought to the fore as the vacuum cannot be maintained for a prolonged period”. This comes after South Korea’s spy agency, the National Intelligence Service (NIS), reported that Kim will gradually transfer authority to his sister Kim Yo-jong “to ease stress” despite his young age.” The agency added that the ruthless leader will still “exert absolute power” from behind the scenes while insisting the move was not linked to the tyrant’s health. Back in April, there were speculations that Kim had died or was in a vegetative state but the rumors were later rubbished when the dictator was pictured at the opening of a fertiliser factory 30 miles north of capital Pyongyang. Source The sister of North Korea leader Kim Jong Un bashed South Korea and has threatened military action after a recent decline in relations. Kim Yo Jong took aim at the inter-Korean liaison office in the border town of Kaesong, promising a “tragic scene” after she accused Seoul of not doing… June 15, 2020 In "Foreign" Fears were growing for Kim Jong-un's health today after a US official said the dictator could be in 'grave danger' after heart surgery - although South Korea has played down the reports. Washington is monitoring intelligence that Kim is in a critical condition after his operation, CNN quoted an unnamed… April 21, 2020 In "News" Hanoi - Vietnam is preparing for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to arrive by train for his summit in Hanoi by Feb. 27, with U.S. President Donald Trump. Two sources with direct knowledge of security and logistics planning told Reuters on Wednesday. It could take Kim at least two… February 20, 2019 In "Foreign"