London –   Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has greatly contributed to strengthening the relations between London and Tokyo, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Friday as Abe announced his resignation.Earlier in the day, Abe officially announced his plan to step down, citing health issues. He has already informed the leadership of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party, of which he is the leader, and Natsuo Yamaguchi, the leader of the Komeito party, which is a part of the ruling coalition.“@AbeShinzo has achieved great things as PM of Japan – for his country and the world. Under his stewardship the UK-Japan relationship has gone from strength to strength in trade, defence and our cultural links. “Thank you for all your years of service and I wish you good health,” Johnson wrote on Twitter.The retiring prime minister is leaving office due to ulcerative colitis, a chronic disease that already caused him to abandon the premiership in 2007. Despite those circumstances, he once again assumed the prime minister’s chair in 2012 and went on to become the longest-serving Japanese head of government. (dpa/NAN) Seoul - South Korea has expressed regret over the sudden decision of Shinzo Abe to step down as the Japanese prime minister, saying he greatly contributed to the development of Japanese-South Korean relations.South Korean presidential spokesman Kang Min-seok, who made this known on Friday, wished him speedy recovery.Abe officially announced… August 28, 2020 In "Foreign" TOKYO    - Britain and Japan said on Thursday they would cooperate in countering the threat posed by North Korea, two days after it fired a missile over northern Japan, and will pledge closer ties in defence, cyber security and counter-terrorism. Prime Minister Theresa May, looking to strengthen relations with one… August 31, 2017 In "Foreign" Conservative MP Boris Johnson arrives at the BBC studios in London on June 18, 2019 to take part in the Conservative Party leadership BBC television debate. ISABEL INFANTES / AFP The EU’s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, who is recovering in quarantine after also testing positive, tweeted that “my thoughts are… April 7, 2020 In "Foreign"