By Usman Aliyu Ilorin –  The Kwara Government on Friday said it had accepted the resignation of Hajiya Aisha Ahman-Pategi, who was Commissioner for Special Duties. The government disclosed this in a statement by the Commissioner for Communications, Mrs Harriet Afolabi-Oshatimehin, a copy of which was available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ilorin. “The government has received the resignation of Hon. Aisha Ahman-Pategi who was Commissioner for Special Duties. “The government accepts same, and wishes her the best in her future endeavours,” Afolabi-Oshatimehin said. NAN reports that Ahman-Pategi announced her resignation from the Kwara Executive Council early Friday through a statement she personally signed. She noted in the statement that life was in phases and having enjoyed the political terrain with Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, it was now time for her to leave and focus on new ideals. “Going forward, my interest in Community Service and Grassroots’ Development will continue. “Once again, I would like to thank Almighty Allah, the People of Patigi, Kwara people, our dear party, APC and most of all, His Excellency, for bringing me into politics,’’ the former commissioner stated. Ahman-Pategi’s resignation came barely a week after that of Prof. Wale Sulaiman, Special Adviser to the Governor on Health. (NAN) By Abiodun Esan Ilorin - Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara on Friday announced a cabinet reshuffle involving five commissioners who are to move from one ministry to the other. The Chief Press Secretary (CPS) to the Governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, announced this on Friday in a statement in Ilorin. According to… July 3, 2020 In "News" ILORIN - Kwara State Governor, AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq on Tuesday presented the names of four women to the State House of Assembly as commissioner-nominees, including a 26-year-old, Miss Joana Kolo, who is currently undergoing her one-year mandatory National Youth Service Corps in Jigawa State. Kolo, the youngest commissioner-nominee in the state’s… September 18, 2019 In "News" By Usman Aliyu Ilorin - The Kwara Government is to unveil a comprehensive agriculture master plan to guide the government’s agricultural policy direction as the world prepares for a post-COVID-19 economy. The state’s Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Mrs Adenike Oshatimehin, made the disclosure on Friday in Ilorin on… May 1, 2020 In "News"