Jerusalem  –  Mosquitoes infected with the deadly West Nile virus were found in northern and southern Israel, the Israeli Ministry of Environmental Protection reported on Wednesday. The infected mosquitoes were discovered during routine sampling conducted by the ministry in four settlements in the southern Arava valley and in the northern Gilboa region, near the Kishon River. The infections were detected in mosquitos trapped and sent to laboratories run by the ministry of health. Following the detection of the infected mosquitoes, the ministry warned that the affected local authorities should increase monitoring efforts, and if deemed necessary, the authorities should carry out exterminations. It also called on residents in these areas to remain vigilant amid a lack of a vaccination, and preventing mosquito hazards in the first place is the best way to break the cycle of transmitting the disease to humans. West Nile fever, which can be fatal, is caused by a virus mainly found in birds and transmitted to humans through mosquito bites. Most people exposed to the West Nile virus suffer from flu-like symptoms such as fever, headaches, and muscle aches. A small percentage, however, can develop an infection in the brain, which can lead to paralysis, brain damage, and death. Israel’s Minister of the ministry Gila Gamliel warned that such events will increase in frequency in the coming years, as climate change worsens. (Xinhua/NAN) Masaka (Uganda)  -  Uganda's Ministry of Health is taking steps to contain deadly yellow fever outbreak, authorities in Uganda have said. The country's Health Minister, Elioda Tumwesigye, said on Monday that two people died of the disease while seven other cases have been confirmed. According to the World Health Organisation… May 23, 2016 In "Foreign" NEW DELHI - Almost 570 people in India have died after contracting encephalitis, commonly known as "brain fever", health authorities said on Friday, warning the death toll may rise with more people still at risk. Outbreaks of Acute Encephalitis Syndrome and Japanese Encephalitis are common every year in India, especially… July 26, 2014 In "Health" Lagos  -  The World Health Organisation (WHO) has advised women on how to protect themselves from the Zika virus especially if they were pregnant. The WHO however reassured that most women in areas affected by the Aedes mosquito-borne virus would give birth to ``normal infants’’. The www.cdc.gov/zika/ defined Zika as… February 11, 2016 In "Health"