New Delhi  – Three security personnel, including two belonging to the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and a local policeman, were killed when unidentified militants opened fire on them in India-controlled Kashmir, local media reported on Monday. Two other CRPF personnel were also injured in the attack, a local senior cop told the media. The incident occurred in India-controlled Kashmir’s Baramulla district when a group of militants attacked a joint team of the CRPF and local police. According to the latest media reports, the area has been cordoned off and a search operation is on to nab the militants. A guerrilla war is going on between militants and Indian troops stationed in the region since 1989. Kashmir, the Himalayan region divided between India and Pakistan, is claimed by both in full. Since their Independence from Britain, the two countries have fought three wars, two exclusively over Kashmir. (Xinhua/NAN) SRINAGAR, Indian-controlled Kashmir (Xinhua) — A teenager was killed Saturday after India’s paramilitary fired on protesters in Indian-controlled Kashmir, officials said. The killing took place at Narbal area in outskirts of Srinagar city, the summer capital of Indian-controlled Kashmir. “A teenager Suhail Ahmad was brought dead to our hospital this… April 18, 2015 In "Foreign" Srinagar, Kashmir - Two suspected militants and a paramilitary trooper were killed in a gun battle on Wednesday in Indian administered Kashmir, police said, adding that a third militant was critical in hospital. Three unidentified militants on a motorbike fired at Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) troopers, who were on… February 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Srinagar (Indian-controlled Kashmir) - A policeman serving as Personal Security Officer (PSO) of a pro-India Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leader was shot dead by militants on Friday in the restive Indian-controlled Kashmir. The policeman was attacked in Bijbehara town in the Anantnag district, about 44 km south of Srinagar city,… July 19, 2019 In "Foreign"