By Ahmed Kaigama  Bauchi  -The Bauchi State Commissioner for Commerce and Industries, Alhaji Mohammmed Sadiq, has resigned his appointment. Sadiq said in his resignation letter a copy of which was made available to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN ) on Thursday in Bauchi, that he resigned voluntarily. He said he tendered the letter of resignation on Wednesday, adding that he was no more Commissioner, Ministry of Commerce and Industries and member of the State Executive Council. ”It is a rare privilege and opportunity to have served my state in such an exalted position. “I thank the Executive Governor, Bala Mohammed, for the wonderful opportunity accorded to me. ”In the same vein, I must appreciate my boss, Yakubu Dogara, for his usual support and the role he played in influencing same,” he said. Sadiq said he worked with his colleagues in the Executive Council (EXCO) and the ministry as a formidable team. He said he enjoyed the understqnding of his family at such a trying time to take the decision. “I beseech God to forgive all my wrongs and the general public and colleagues to pardon me. “I urge you to help me, pray God to grant me success, contentment and peace of mind in my new endeavor ” he said. (NAN) By Mohammed Ahmed  Kaigama Bauchi - The Bauchi State Commissioner of Finance and Economic Development,  Alhaji Garba Akuyam, has resigned. Akuyam, seen to be one of the strong pillars of the cabinet of Gov. Mohammed Abubakar, took a lot of people by surprise when he announced his ‘voluntary resignation’ at… March 22, 2019 In "Top Stories" Bauchi Deputy Governor,  Nuhu Gidado,  Resigns Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -  Deputy Governor of Bauchi State,  Nuhu Gidado had on Wednesday tendered his resignation. According to news monitored on Channels TV, he sent his letter to Governor Mohammed Abubakar over waning desire in the job.   Gidado’s resignation  brings to three… May 24, 2018 In "Top Stories" Edo State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Paul Ohonbamu, has resigned from Godwin Obaseki’s administration. Ohonbamu, in his resignation letter, which was addressed to Obaseki, thanked him for the opportunity to serve the state. He said: “I hereby tender my letter of resignation as a commissioner in Edo State to… June 4, 2020 In "Politics"