By Ojo Oluwafemi Akure  –  The wife of Ondo State Governor, Mrs Betty Akeredolu, has pledged her readiness to partner with relevant stakeholders to end cases of sexual violence in the state. Akeredolu spoke on Tuesday in Akure at a stakeholders meeting on gender-based sexual violence According to her, an action plan must aim at addressing the issue of rape in the state holistically. The governor’s wife, therefore, advised stakeholders to collectively come up with a reasonable action plan that would end the menace. Mrs Titi Adeyemi, the Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, said the essence of the meeting was to have a follow up forum on the previous meeting with stakeholders on rape and gender based violence. Adeyemi noted that the spate of rape cases and gender-based violence was becoming alarming. “It has become so worrisome, especially during the coronavirus period, which concerns every individuals. “There has been an upsurge on issue of rape and all hands must be on deck to curb it. ” That is the main reason Mrs Akeredolu and relevant authorities have shown great concern at this time. “We have put a team of experts together, people who have technical knowledge on gender-based violence issues to look for a lasting solution. “We have a whole range of stakeholders coming together to evolve an action plan to tackle the menace, and I believe that this move is going to assist the state and the society at large,” she said. Adeyemi said her ministry had concluded plans with the Ministry of Budget to include funds for gender-based violence management in its budget. She also said that a desk for management of gender based violence cases would be created while government would build the capacity of care givers as well as empower victims. The commissioner commended the governor’s wife for contributing to the proactive measures put in place to curb the menace in the state. Mrs Bola Ogundadegbe, the Chairperson of Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) in the state, disclosed that the 112 rape incidents recorded since 2017 had been charged to court. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that stakeholders at the meeting included representatives from Ministries of Justice, Education, Health, Women Affairs as well as representatives of non governmental organisations specialising on rape cases. Others were from National Council of Women Societies, Betty Anyanwu Foundation(BAAF), Nigeria Police Force and NSCDC. (NAN) By Opeyemi Aremu-Gbemiro Ado Ekiti - Mrs Fatimoh Bello, the Chairperson, National Association of Women Journalists, Ekiti Chapter, on Friday lauded the efforts of the Wife of Ekiti Governor, Mrs Bisi Fayemi, over move to set up sexual assault referral centres across the state. Bello gave the commendation during an… June 19, 2020 In "News" LAGOS - The Lagos State Deputy Governor, Mrs Adejoke Orelope-Adefulire, on Friday called on all stakeholders to collaborate to end the scourge of gender-based violence in the country. Orelope-Adefulire made the call in Lagos at the first Global Leadership of Women (GLOW) conference with the theme:" Justice for All".… June 13, 2014 In "News" By Muhammad Lawal Birnin Kebbi - Wife of Kebbi State governor, Dr Zainab Bagudu, has called for holistic measures to effectively tackle gender-based violence at the grassroots level. Malam Yahaya Sarki, the Special Adviser to Gov. Atiku Bagudu on Media, said in a statement that Mrs Bagudu made the appeal… July 6, 2020 In "Health"