By Deborah Coker Ogwa (Edo)  -Gov. Godwin Obasekiof Edo and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the Sept. 19 governorship election has appealed to supporters of the party to re-elect the present administration for continuity of its people-oriented programmes Obaseki made the appeal at Ogwa, ward 1, in Esan West Local Government Area, when the PDP Edo governorship campaign council held its rally. He said:“To whom much is given, much is expected. I am aware of your request in this community which include more empowerment, and more appointments. “I am ready to do my part. So vote for me I work for you. This election is important, help me to help you.” Earlier, Chairman of the PDP state campaign council, Chief Dan Orbih, urged the party’s supporters to come out enmasse on Sept. 19 to re-elect the its candidate. Orbih noted that a vote for Obaseki was a vote for progress. “This election is very important. On election day don’t say let me go to the farm first or any other place before going to your polling units to vote. “Go straight to your polling units and vote for our governor, because this election is not about him, but about all of us,” Orbih said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the campaign train also went to ward 2, Ujiogba. (NAN) By Deborah Coker Igueben (Edo) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo on Wednesday promised to meet the people’s yearnings if elected in the Sept. 19 governorship election. Gov. Godwin Obaseki, candidate of the party for the state governorship election, gave the assurance in Igueben during his campaign tour… August 19, 2020 In "Politics" By Deborah Coker Ewohimi (Edo) -Gov Godwin Obaseki, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for the Sept. 19 governorship election in Edo, said on Tuesday that the party would give power sector priority if re-elected. Obaseki said this when he visited to Ewohimi community, Esan South East Local Government Area… August 18, 2020 In "Politics" The Speaker disclosed this on Tuesday during the Peoples Democratic party (PDP) campaign rally for the September 19, 2020 Governorship election in Edo State at Ward 3 in Akoko-Edo Local Government Area of the State. The clarification was in response to sponsored reports that Edo Assembly Deputy speaker, Hon Yekini… August 4, 2020 In "Politics"