Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, has relieved the Commissioner for Works, Infrastructure and Transport, Professor Raphael Afonja of his appointment.The governor, in a letter dated August 10, 2020 and signed by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mrs. Olubamiwo Adeosun, said the termination takes immediate effect.A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, quoted the letter titled “Termination of appointment” as saying: “I wish to convey the approval of His Excellency, Governor Seyi Makinde, on the termination of your appointment as Honourable Commissioner, with immediate effect.“Consequent upon the above development, you are hereby directed to hand over all the government items in your possession to the Permanent Secretary (Ministry of Works, Infrastructure and Transport).“I am to add that, your contribution within the time of your sojourn is appreciated and commendable, and therefore, wish you successes in your future endeavours. I thank you.”In another development, the governor has also approved the redeployment of two Commissioners, who were asked to swap portfolios.An internal memo signed by the SSG with the subject: “Redeployment of EXCO members” indicated that the Commissioner for Special Duties, Chief Bayo Lawal, has been moved to the Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, while his counterpart who was manning that Ministry, Hon. Funmilayo Orisadeyi, is to move to the Ministry of Special Duties.The memo indicated that the redeployment takes immediate effect.Signed:Taiwo AdisaChief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi MakindeAugust 10, 2020. By Adeola Badru Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Friday, fired his Special Assistant on Digital Media, Mr Muritala Olajide Adigun, with immediate effect over what was gathered as feeding the public with misleading information. This was conveyed in the termination of the appointment letter… March 27, 2020 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The Government of Oyo State said on Sunday that it was set to acquire 10 modern fire-fighting equipment through a competitive bidding process. The State's Commissioner for Infrastructure, Transportation and Public Works, Professor Raphael Afonja, who made the disclosure while undertaking an on-the-spot assessment of the… January 5, 2020 In "News" Nigerians have praised Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, for nominating a 27-year-old graduate of the Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Seun Fakorede, as a commissioner. Mr Fakorede bagged a civil engineering degree in 2016. He was among three commissioner-nominees sent to the state House of Assembly for screening on Monday. Speaker… August 20, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds"