Nigerian Afropop singer, David Adeleke popularly known as Davido has fired his personal assistant, Idris Aloma. According to Davido’s logistics manager, Isreal DMW, via his Instagram page on Saturday, Davido has a new personal assistant identified as Santusgee. Israel warned that anyone who does any business with Aloma does so at his or her own risk. In his words; “Aloma, his no longer my Oga’s personal Assistant or in DMW. Who so ever does anything with him, does it at his own or her risk. BADDEST PA now his @santusgee. Be Warned”. Months ago, in a live session on Instagram, Aloma said almost everybody refers to him as Davido’s houseboy. Aloma further stated that being a houseboy to Davido is way better than being a bank manager. Flaunting a Rolex wristwatch worth about N3.5million to back up his claims, he said he’s cashing out on a steady basis because of his relationship with the “Omo Baba Olowo (OBO)” singer. He had revealed in an interview that he met Davido in 2017. According to him, it all started on his birthday when the singer liked a photo of him. This encouraged Aloma to send the singer a direct message. Davido later asked for his account details to send him some money to celebrate his birthday. He revealed that the singer sent him a whopping N1 million and later invited him over. Source Instagram personality and one of Davido’s staff members, Muhammadu Abdullahi, popularly known as Father DMW, has been trending on social media for some time due to his relationship with Ugandan model, Eva Apio, who he constantly chats with on Instagram. In an interview with Sunday Scoop, Abdullahi stated that he… April 19, 2020 In "Entertainment" A clip of hip hop star, Davido, purportedly having sex with an unnamed lady in South Africa, has emerged on the Internet. In the short video posted on TheNetNG’s Instagram page, Davido can be clearly seen fondling the lady, while having a drink. He is being recorded by an unknown… April 4, 2017 In "Entertainment" Nigerian singer, songwriter, and dancer, Akinmayokun Awodumila, popularly known as May D, has joined Davido Music World Wide, DMW label. May D, who parted ways with PSquare and Jude Okoye in 2012, made this known on his Instagram page on Saturday. He wrote, “My New Family, I’m So Excited !… July 18, 2020 In "Entertainment"