Moscow  –  Activists started a fire inside the courthouse in the U.S. city of Oakland amid unrest over the shooting of African American man Jacob Blake by law enforcement officers, the city’s police department said on Thursday.The protests started peacefully on Wednesday but later escalated into clashes with police and people setting fires, breaking windows, and throwing bottles and other objects at officers. “Violent protesters vandalized and started a fire at the Alameda County Superior Court. (The Oakland Fire Department) is on scene. “Please stay clear of the area,” the Oakland police tweeted.According to the police, 600-700 people took part in the protests. Several people have been arrested.Blake, 29, was shot in the back by police at close range on Sunday in Kenosha, a city located in the state of Wisconsin, while he was reportedly trying to break up a fight between two women. His father said the man had been shot seven times, which left him paralysed from the waist down.The events ignited a new wave of protests against police brutality and racial discrimination in the U.S., which initially started with the death of another African American man, George Floyd, in police custody on May 25. (Sputnik/NAN) Protests erupted in the US city of Kenosha, Wisconsin, after police shot a black man in the back several times from close range as he got into a car on Sunday evening, according to cellphone video of the incident. The man, named as Jacob Blake by Wisconsin governor Tony Evers,… August 24, 2020 In "Foreign" Sudanese security forces fired tear gas at hundreds of protesters in central Khartoum on Monday, witnesses said, as activists called for more rallies against the government and economic hardships on the eve of Independence Day. Officers made dozens of arrests, others looked on from rooftops and armoured vehicles with machine… December 31, 2018 In "Foreign" Amnesty International, the global human rights group, has claimed the Nigerian military shot dead unarmed civilians before a march to mark the anniversary of the 1967 Biafran declaration of independence. Police have said at least 10 people were killed — five in the town of Onitsha, Anambra state, and five… June 10, 2016 In "Top Stories"