San Francisco (U.S.)  –  Crowd noise can often be a distraction for golfers, but world number two Jon Rahm says the absence of spectators during PGA Tour events has made it tough to focus. The PGA Tour resumed in June after an extended break with events closed to spectators to help curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. Golf’s first major of the year, the PGA Championship, kicked off on Thursday and Spaniard Rahm said he was still getting used to playing without fans. He carded a par-70 in the opening round. “I will say people don’t realise how much you can hear things,” the 25-year-old said. “You might be putting and if somebody nearby is hitting a tee shot or landing it into a green close to you, you can hear that. It’s just so loud. “When there are people around, there’s talking, other noises, you can’t hear. But right now it’s pretty loud.” Rahm, who relinquished his number one ranking to Justin Thomas last week, struggled for rhythm throughout the opening round and finished five shots behind joint-leaders Brendon Todd and Jason Day. “With how the day went, honestly, even par is more than enough for me today,” he said. (Reuters/NAN) South African Branden Grace is gearing up for a "hectic" start to this week's Players Championship after being grouped with world number one Jason Day and second-ranked Jordan Spieth for the first two rounds at the TPC Sawgrass. Grace, who landed his first PGA Tour victory at the RBC Heritage… May 11, 2016 In "Sports" Los Angeles - Tiger Woods said Jack Nicklaus’s record of 18 major championships is in his sights, following his triumph at the Masters as he enjoys a career “extension” after a prolonged period of injury woes. In his first comments since winning his 15th major title and fifth green jacket,… April 26, 2019 In "Sports" Los Angeles   -      Tiger Woods will begin producing weekly golf instructional videos next year and give fans a glimpse into his life on the PGA Tour, as part of a new partnership with Discovery’s GOLFTV, the network said on Tuesday. The live and on-demand video streaming service… November 28, 2018 In "Sports"