A pregnant woman who contracted coronavirus after friends organised a surprise baby shower for her, without realising one of the guests was carrying Covid-19 has died. Camila Graciano had taken great care to avoid the deadly outbreak that has claimed some 117,000 lives in her native Brazil. But in the eighth month of her pregnancy, colleagues at the school where she worked decided to cheer the 31-year-old up by throwing a baby shower at her home in Anapolis, in the central Brazilian state of Goias. One of Camila’s friends was infected with coronavirus when she attended the party but hadn’t suffered any symptoms. Camila’s brother, Daniel Helio Ambrosio said: “Soon afterwards [the friend] got really bad and let the others who were there know. Unfortunately, my sister was one of those infected.” Three days after the party, Camila was rushed to hospital. There were problems finding a bed for her because so many of Brazil’s hospitals are close to breaking point. Daniel said: “They were thinking about taking her to [the nearby cities of] Goiania or Brasilia. Thanks be to God we have many friends who we mobilised in order to get an ICU bed for Camila, and finally we got one in the Santa Casa [Hospital].” Camila was admitted into a maternity ward for high-risk pregnancies which has beds specifically set aside for women with COVID. The birth had to be induced in an effort to save the baby. The tot was was born premature but has been faring well. The brother said: ”Thank God my niece is showing good signs, she’s breathing alone in the incubator, and doesn’t need oxygen.” But unfortunately her mother died. Source File photo Liberian nurse Sedia Marwolo was 32 weeks pregnant when medics arrived at her home and hauled her away to a special coronavirus hospital, which she likened to “hell”.  It was the beginning of a 15-day ordeal during which the 38-year-old cried almost daily and was crippled with fear… May 23, 2020 In "Health" A pregnant nurse has died from coronavirus five days after her baby was saved by an emergency C-section, Sun UK has reported. The woman identified as Mary Agyapong, 28, who "devoted her life to the NHS", was taken to hospital on Tuesday last week showing signs of the killer disease… April 16, 2020 In "Foreign" As the world fights to curb the spread of COVID-19, schools have closed, businesses have shut down; people are working from home or given unpaid leave, and a growing number of states have banned large gatherings. This means a lot more snuggle time for couples who live together. And naturally,… April 24, 2020 In "News"