By Ahmed Kaigama Bogoro (Bauchi state) –   Some People’s Democratic Party (PDP) supporters in Bogoro Local Government Area of Bauchi, on Saturday announced their defection to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. Giving reasons for their defection, their spokesperson, Bulus Iliya, said that their decision to return to the APC was informed by the need to reunite with their political godfather, Yakubu Dogara, former Speaker of House of Representatives. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Dogara, an indigene of Bogoro Local Government Area, and presently member representing Tafawa Balewa/Dass/Bogoro Federal Constituency, recently defected from the ruling PDP in the state, to the opposition APC. “ In Nigerian politics, loyalty pays, therefore as political students of Yakubu Dogara, we will remain loyal to him”, said Iliya. They urged Bauchi state government to be fair and transparent in the conduct the forthcoming local government election, slated for Oct.17. Receiving the defectors, Mr Haruna Rikaya, APC Chairman in Bogoro LGA, said the decision of the former to join his party, was commendable, assuring them that they would be treated equally with those they met in the party. He said his doors were open for suggestions on how to move APC forward in the state. (NAN) By Emmanuel Mogbede   Abuja -   The All Progressives Congress (APC) has described the Speaker of  House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, as“a political paperweight in Bauchi,” saying he is not on the ground in his home state. The APC National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yekini Nabena, said this in a statement… September 13, 2018 In "Politics" The All Progressives Congress said on Thursday said that it was not disturbed by the effective defection of Speaker Yakubu Dogara to the Peoples Democratic Party, saying the top lawmaker has no political value to be considered a loss. “We have read your report online that he has picked up… September 13, 2018 In "Politics" Yakubu Dogara, speaker of the house of representatives, has been announced winner of the election in Bogoro/Dass/Tafawa Balewa federal constituency of Bauchi state. Dogara, who contested the election on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), polled 73,609 votes to defeat his closest rival of the All Progressives Congress… February 25, 2019 In "Politics"