Juliet Ibrahim has warned her ex-boyfriend, Iceberg Slim to refrain from harassing her. She made this known in an open letter to Iceberg Slim, saying that since they broke up, he has been exploring different opportunities to attack her. Recall that Iceberg had admitted that he cheated on Juliet Ibrahim. He keeps talking about their past relationship and recently sang about cheating on his ex. This was the height for Juliet and she initially took to Instagrm to sub him, writing: “My mood when I realized that your only claim to fame was dating me.” In a new post shared today, Juliet decided to be direct and she called Iceberg’s name while addressing the cover to a song he did about cheating. Juliet revealed he’s been sending her emails but it goes to the junk mail. She warned him to stop harrassing her and promised this would be the last time she would be discussing him or giving him her attention. She wrote in her warning to him: To all my loyal fans and friends, I am only addressing this now because I am fed up of the constant dragging of my name, it has to stop. Enough is enough. ––Iceberg Slim,Our relationship ended 2 years ago as a result of your wayward opportunistic and unfaithful nature. Somehow, you still find ways to publicly get my attention through several means. I made it clear to you when I left you that I have no hard feelings against you and I wish you well as we both move on with our lives, yet even though I’ve blocked you from contacting me on various platforms, you still find ways to reach out or refer to me in posts on your social media pages. Your emails still come through in my Junk mail and I have no idea why you would expect a response when I made it clear to you that I want nothing to do with you. You are forgiven, please let me be after this public announcement and move on with your life just like I have.Refrain from harrassing my life with your narcissistic need for validation. Put a halt to all the Emails pleading for my presence to discuss the past and do seek a professional therapist to help you overcome the trauma you’re currently experiencing. FYI, Singing cover songs about cheating and exes is NOT a form of therapy. Goodluck in all your endeavours. This is the last time I will answer to any of your posts about me or senseless cover songs directed at me on your social media pages, shebi na cheat you cheat you no kill pesin? Can you now take a bow and exit the stage? This is all stale and I don’t need no more of your negativity and toxicity in, nor around my life now. I choose not to be friends with you for my own sanity and personal reasons so please do refrain from contacting me. Thank you. Source Ghanaian screen diva, Juliet Ibrahim has reacted to the public apology by ex-boyfriend and Nigerian rapper, Iceberg Slim after the duo broke up. According to her, she is glad the truth is finally in the public domain, adding that though she has forgiven him, there is no way she would… August 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" Following her breakup with musician, Iceberg Slim, actress Juliet Ibrahim has revealed how the relationship ended.   Juliet Ibrahim has in a recent interview with Deloris Frimpong Manso on the “Delay” show, detailed how she caught Iceberg Slim cheating with his girlfriend. According to Juliet Ibrahim, she started suspecting Iceberg Slim when… September 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" Actress Juliet Ibrahim has finally revealed how she found out that her ex Iceberg Slim was cheating on her with a girlfriend of 4 years. In the interview with Delay, the Ghanaian actress stated that she had doubts about Iceberg, reason she made the relationship public. The actress went on… September 9, 2019 In "Entertainment"