Athens  – Greece says it will ask for an emergency meeting of the EU Foreign Affairs Council to take a stand on a row with Turkey over gas reserves in the eastern Mediterranean. The statement from Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis’ office on Tuesday came after he met Foreign Minister Nikos Dendias to talk about the situation. Tensions have been mounting between Greece and fellow NATO neighbour Turkey over Ankara’s exploration of potential gas fields in the eastern Mediterranean. Turkey said it had sent three research vessels to the contested area and plans to keep them there until Aug. 23, a move Greece has described as a provocation. Ankara returned to the drilling plans following a suspension in July to open the possibility of a negotiated solution. It accused Greece of signing a pirates’ agreement with Egypt to outline an exclusive economic zone for oil and gas drilling. Athens claims Turkey’s search in the region is illegal. The EU has also condemned the Turkish actions and asked Ankara to cease them. (dpa/NAN) Athens - Yannis Mouzalas, Greek Deputy Migration Minister, said Greece was taking all the measures as if borders have closed for good by activating a Plan B to deal with the refugee emergency. He said on Monday in Athens that government has submitted an emergency plan to the EU requesting… February 29, 2016 In "Foreign" Athens - Greece has tightened sea and land borders with Turkey after developments in the Syrian region of Idlib, government sources said on Friday. A senior Turkish official said Turkey would no longer stop Syrian refugees from reaching Europe, as Ankara responded on Friday to the killing of 33 Turkish… February 28, 2020 In "Foreign" By Luke Baker JERUSALEM   - On the sidelines of a nuclear security summit in Washington in March, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan held a private meeting with Israel's energy minister, Yuval Steinitz. It was the highest level contact between Israel and Turkey since diplomatic relations broke down six years… June 20, 2016 In "Business"