Lagos Commissioner for Health Professor Akin Abayomi has tested positive for coronavirus. Commissioner for Information and Strategy Gbenga Omotoso announced this on Monday via Twitter. He said: “Subsequent to close contact with persons feeling unwell and testing positive for the COVID-19 infection, the Honourable Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, has tested positive for the virus. Professor Abayomi became aware of his status following the required testing protocol of contact tracing procedures. “However, he is doing well with no symptoms. Read Also: BREAKING: COVID-19 deaths shoot past 1,000 in Nigeria“Adhering to the protocol of the home-based strategy in Lagos State, the Honorable Commissioner will be isolating in his home for the next 14 days but will continue to discharge his duties both as the Deputy Incident Commander of the Incident Command System for COVID-19 and most especially, as the Honorable Commissioner for Health. “Our prayers are with him and his family during his period of isolation.” Details shortly… Source  •A health worker helps his colleague with his PPE during community testing as part of effort to curb the spread of COVID-19. Sodiq Adelakun/Channels TV  LAGOS (SundiataPost) Three of the returnees recently evacuated from Dubai have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). The Commissioner for Health in Lagos State, Professor Akin… May 17, 2020 In "News" The Lagos State Ministry of Health said on Friday that Akin Abayomi, the commissioner for health in the state, has not tested positive for COVID-19 as being rumoured. Tunbosun Ogunbanwo, the director of public affairs of the ministry, said the news making rounds on social media platforms that the commissioner… May 8, 2020 In "News" •Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi (in black suit) Lagos State has recorded one more death from COVID-19. According to the state’s Health Commissioner, Prof Akin Abayomi, the patient died of COVID-19 complications in a private hospital in Lagos. Abayomi revealed this via his verified Twitter handle on… April 11, 2020 In "Top Stories"