Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Former presidential candidate and national chairman of the National Action Council (NAC), Dr. Olapade Agoro on Wednesday said Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) is qualified to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023. Speaking in a chat with Daily Independent, Agoro, who described Tinubu as the most resourceful politician in the Southern part of the country said the former Lagos state governor has paid his dues and has all it takes to lead Nigeria. He added that without Tinubu’s assistance, President Buhari who had given up after he lost the 2011 presidential election wouldn’t have won the 2015 and 2019 presidential elections. Agoro also said Tinubu has been patient enough and will not step down for anyone in 2023. “Someone did the work for Buhari in 2015 and without him, Buhari won’t have become President. Somebody laboured and worked assiduously to see that Buhari who was then hopeless in 2014 became hopeful”. That man has really paid his price and he is no other person than Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. That is where the pendulum should swing in 2023. He is a seasoned politician and will make a good President if elected”. “Except we want to deceive ourselves, I don’t see Tinubu stepping aside for anybody now. He has waited patiently and I believe this is the right time for him”. “He is the best and most resourceful politician in the South at the moment. Although he has not spoken about whether he will contest or not, his body language shows that he will contest. A political pressure group calling on the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, to contest the 2023 presidential election has hit one million followers, Daily Trust can report. This is as support continues to swell for the APC Leader to emerge as the successor of President Muhammadu… July 20, 2020 In "News" Ahmed Bola Tinubu is arguably the self-proclaimed leader of the Yoruba in Nigerian politics. It couldn’t be more obvious than during the 2015 presidential election when he got many Yoruba to vote for President Muhammadu Buhari. Buhari so literally worshipped him that had Tinubu sneezed, Buhari would have easily caught… December 6, 2018 In "Opinion" Former Zamfara State governor, Sani Ahmed Yarima, has sounded a note of warning to the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, saying that President Muhammadu Buhari will not support his 2023 presidential ambition. Giving reason, Yarima said President Buhari lacks the power to handover to any… February 24, 2020 In "Politics"