By Oluwafunke Ishola  Lagos  – The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) says emergence of Prof. Folasade Ogunsola, as the Acting Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos, will reshape the educational horizon of Medicine. The NMA said in a statement jointly issued by its Lagos State Chairman, Dr Adetunji Adenekan and Secretary, Dr Ime Okon, on Tuesday. Adenekan and Okon expressed optimism that Ogunsola would reshape the undergraduate and postgraduate training in medicine, and also increase funding for academic research being an enthusiast. They said that Ogunsola’s conflict resolution skills would further unify all relevant stakeholders, thus entrench better harmony in the healthcare space. According to them, the acting vice-chancellor’s passion for quality and equity would be portrayed frontally as a strong voice, and advocated more inclusiveness and larger uptake of eligible women, who could deliver in leadership positions. “On behalf of the State Officers Committee (SOC) and the entire state NMA members, we heartily congratulate you ma, as the newly elected acting vice-chancellor, University of Lagos. “We are always proud of you. You recorded great milestones as the first female Provost, College of Medicine, University of Lagos (CMUL). “We pray for optimal health, great strength and divine wisdom for excellence in this new position,” the NMA leaders said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ogunsola was elected on Monday as the Acting Vice-Chancellor, University of Lagos. She is the first female to be so appointed in the history of the 58-year-old ivory institution. Ogunsola, a Professor of Clinical Microbiology, was the former Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Development Services) of the institution since 2017. (NAN) By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos -The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has appealed to the management of Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, to help facilitate clinical duty and hazard allowances for honourary consultants in the hospital. Dr Adetunji Adenekan, the NMA Chairman in Lagos State, made the appeal on Friday… August 21, 2020 In "Health" By Esenvosa Izah   Lagos   -    The Nigerian Medical Association(NMA), on Monday says it will extend the ultimatum given to the Federal Government to reconstitute the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria (MDCN) by two weeks. The NMA President, Dr Francis Faduyile, in a statement in Lagos, said that the… October 1, 2018 In "News" The Chairman of Nigerian Medical Association, Osun State, Dr. Suraj Ogunyemi, has urged Nigerian government and individuals to offer support to Liberia, Sierra Leone and other West African countries being ravaged by the Ebola virus in order for Nigeria to be totally free of the virus. Ogunyemi said this in… September 23, 2014 In "News"