An elderly woman died of a broken heart moments after climbing into bed with her husband of 70 years who had just passed away in his sleep with lung cancer. According to Metro UK, Raymond Atkins, 90, had promised wife Kathleen, 86, that he would be out of hospital in time to celebrate the landmark anniversary on July 22. But within days his health deteriorated and he died in his sleep at the couple’s home in Crewe, Virginia. Overcome with grief, Kathleen crawled into bed next to him where she passed away a short while later. Their son Les Atkins told WRAL: ‘She told my sister that she could not imagine life without him.’ Raymond had spent two years fighting the disease and had to go back into hospital for a few days in July. Les said his father had called him the day before his parents’ anniversary, saying: ‘I prayed to God all night and all day that I can leave this hospital, and I will be out of here in the morning.’ dupes couple N5m He managed to make it home in time but began to feel weak a few days later. Les’ sister went to stay with their parents. When she went up to check on their frail father one morning she found him passed away in bed. He said that his mother’s last words ‘pretty much’ were ‘I’ not gonna let him go alone’, adding: ‘They had endured this life together. ‘They had this strong faith and they just refused to be apart. It’s a fairy tale in every sense of the word.’ The couple had four children, six grandchildren and 17 great-grandchildren. (Vanguard News) London -  The wife of British superstar singe, Sir Tom Jones, has died after a short battle with cancer. The tragedy occurred just weeks after Jones suddenly announced the cancellation of planned concerts in Asia and the Middle East, saying it was for a serious illness in his family. Jones,… April 12, 2016 In "Entertainment" The widow of late Patrick Sawyer, the Liberian who brought Ebola into Nigeria, has stated that her husband’s decision to travel to Africa’s most populous country, Nigeria, was because of his desperate search for a country with better healthcare system. In an article published earlier today, TMZ Liberia Magazine (http://www.mytmzliberia.net/)… August 13, 2014 In "News" Mel B believes her father's death allowed her to get her "life back". The Spice Girls singer had been estranged from Martin Brown for several years when he was admitted to hospital in January 2017 following a long battle with cancer but she had vowed to divorce Stephen Belafonte when… November 19, 2018 In "Entertainment"