By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti –   Ekiti House of Assembly has described late Kola Fakiyesi, a former lawmaker, as a man who was greatly loved by all due to his openness and humility. Mrs Yemisi Ayokunle, the Assembly’s Chairman of Committee on Media and Public Affairs, said this in a statement on Saturday in Ado-Ekiti to commiserate with the family of the ex-lawmaker. Ayokunle, according to the statement, described as sudden and shocking the death of the former lawmaker, who represented Irepodun/Ifelodun constituency 1, at the State Assembly. Fakiyesi, who died on Friday, Aug. 7, served between 2003 and 2007 on the platform of the defunct Alliance for Democracy (AD). The chairman expressed the sadness of the House over the sudden and unexpected demise of the former lawmaker and astute politician. She described late Fakiyesi, who served also as Commissioner at the Assembly Service Commission, as a progressive politician who devoted his life to serve humanity. She said, “Late Fakiyesi was the former board member of the Local Government Service Commission and was a man who was greatly loved by all, due to his openness and humility. “The death of the former lawmaker has left a big vacuum in his hometown of Iyin-Ekiti, Irepodun/Ifelodun Local Government Area and Ekiti at large. Ayokunle Commiserated with the family of the late politician and prayed God to give them the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. (NAN) By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti has paid tributes to a former Special Adviser on Education and Ethics to President Olusegun Obasanjo, Chief Samuel Kolawole Babalola, who died on July 20 at 89 years. Fayemi, in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary in… July 25, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  House of Representatives member representing Ekiti, Isin, Irepodun Oke-Ero Federal Constituency in Kwara South, Funke Adedoyin is dead. Sundiata Post recalls that Adedoyin was a  Minister of Women Affairs under former President Olusegun Obasanjo. She was said to have died in Abuja in the… September 29, 2018 In "News" By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti - The Ekiti House of Assembly on Wednesday promised to cooperate with the newly appointed Head of Service, Mrs Olapeju Babafemi, to promote development in the state. Mr Oluwajuwa Adegbuyi, the Chairman of the House Committee on Public Service Matter, Employment and Human Capital Development, made… February 19, 2020 In "Politics"