Anambra State government led by Governor Willie Obiano through its Ministry of Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs has suspended 12 traditional rulers for travelling without permission earlier in the week. The traditional rulers were reported to have followed oil magnate and billionaire, Arthur Eze to Abuja on a visit to President Muhammadu Buhari. Eze, according to reports has compensated the traditional rulers with new Lexus SUVs. Greg Obi, the state’s Commissioner for Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs revealed in a letter that the Kings will stop posing as traditional rulers through the period of their suspension. The traditional rulers suspended are; Alex Edozieuno (Mkpunando),Mark Anthony Okonkwo (Alor), Chukwuma Bob Vincent Orji (Ezinifite), Engr. Mbakwe (Abacha), Chijioke Nwankwo (Nawfia), Nkeli Nelly (Igbariam), Anthony Onyekwere (Owelle), A.N Onwuneme (Ikenga), Simon Ikechukwu Chidubem (Umumbo), S.O Uche (Ezira), Dr. Emeka Ilouno (Ifitedunu), Igwe Udoji (Eziagala-Otu). According to the state government, the sanctions will be renewed or cancelled after one year depending on the government’s review of the Igwes’ conducts. Source By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The 12 suspended Anambra traditional rulers on Thursday were flummoxed on Thursday as to what offence they committed to warrant the sanction meted out to them by Governor Willie Obiano. According to the traditional rulers, they travelled to Abuja to thank President Muhammadu… August 14, 2020 In "Top Stories" The battle of supremacy between Anambra Governor Willie Obiano and traditional rulers has heightened tension in the State. Obiano suspended 12 more traditional rulers for visiting President Muhammadu Buhari last week. He had suspended monarch of Ukwulu, Igwe Peter Uyanwa, over alleged petitions from his community. He also withdrew the… August 13, 2020 In "News" By Francis Onyeukwu Awka -  Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra has warned those parading themselves as traditional rulers without symbols of authority in the state to desist from such acts or face the full wrath of the law. Obiano gave the warning on Thursday in Awka, while presenting Certificates of… July 27, 2018 In "News"