Femi Adesina, presidential spokesman, has described the #RevolutionNow protest as an irritation and nothing serious to worry about. On Wednesday, members of #RevolutionNow movement protested in some states across the country. In Abuja and Lagos, security operatives arrested over 50 protesters. Omoyele Sowore, convener of the #RevolutionNow protest, had called for the demonstration against “bad governance and corruption” in the Buhari administration. Speaking on Channels Television on Thursday morning, Adesina said only few youths were involved in the protest and that it should not be seen as a revolution. “Well, was it really a protest? By my estimation, it just seemed like a child’s play because protests by their very nature are spontaneous things, mass things. These are just a sprinkle of people trying to be funny. As far as I am concerned, it is nothing to worry about,” he said. “A revolution is always a mass thing, not a sprinkle of young boys and girls you saw yesterday in different parts of the country. I think it was just a funny thing to call it a revolution protest. “In a country of 200 million people and if you see a sprinkle of people saying they are doing a revolution, it was a child’s play. “Well, it will always matter because if you said it was a revolution, revolutions by definition are quite well known. “Revolution is something that turns the normal order. What happened yesterday, would you call it a revolution? It was just an irritation, just an irritation and some people want to cause irritation in the country and what I will say is when things boil over, they boil over because you continue to heat them.” That's not a protest; it's just a child’s play and it's irritating — Femi Adesina on #RevolutionNow protestpic.twitter.com/Pi7xXH81XT Source The PUNCH reports that there was a mild drama on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily programme on Thursday when the President’s most senior spokesman, Femi Adesina; and the National President of Revolutionary Lawyers Forum, Mr Tope Akinyode, exchanged words over the #RevolutionNow protests that took place in various parts of the… August 6, 2020 In "Politics" •Supporters of the #Revolution Now protesting in Lagos … yesterday. PHOTO: NAJEEM RAHEEM ABUJA - The Muhammadu Buhari Administration came under criticism yesterday over its suppression of unarmed #RevolutionNow protesters. The presidential candidate of the African Action Congress in the last general elections, Omoyele Sowore, had called for a mass… August 6, 2019 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Police Force has accused the convener of #RevolutionNow Protests, Omoyele Sowore and the Global Coalition for Security and Democracy in Nigeria of trying to force a regime change in the country. The Police said inciting Nigerians, home and abroad, to join a planned ‘revolution’… August 4, 2019 In "Top Stories"