By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The administration of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has come under severe criticism by the Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Following a meeting of the State Executive Committee, the party challenged the present administration to a public debate on the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) and acclaimed expenditures of the state government. According to the State Publicity Secretary, Taofik Gani, this formed part of the resolutions of the party reached at the end of its meeting held on Monday. It faulted the ruling APC over purported claims that it has given advice and progressive suggestions to the governor, both privately and publicly in the interest of the resident. The opposition party accused the APC of failing and extorting the people, describing the party as “very arrogant and incompetent,” as well as not fit and proper for the present challenges in the state. It also resolved to take up the ruling party – vote for vote, and strategy for strategy ahead of the forthcoming bye-elections and the general elections in 2023. The PDP stressed that the inadequacies identified in the Sanwo-Olu led administration would be its winning asset going into any future election in the state. It noted that those aspiring for elective posts would commence their screening on Tuesday, saying the PDP remained resolute as a united party to winning the bye-elections in the state. The meeting also congratulated the newly set-up South West Caretaker Committee, saying it has confidence in the committee to steer the geo-political zone of the party to electoral victories. It assured aspirants in the bye-elections that there would be a level playing field and urged them to accept the results of the screening and primaries in the spirit of sportsmanship. The party also asked them to direct all valid information concerning the PDP to the officially recognised party secretariats at the state and local government area (LGA) levels. It warned individuals who act reactionary, especially those coming from outside the state to steer clear of Lagos or be publicly exposed and disgraced. Source By Bolaji Buhari Lagos - The Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has urged the new Governor of the state, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to stay focused and do his best for the people. The Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr Taofik Gani, gave the advice in a… May 29, 2019 In "News" By Bolaji Buhari   Lagos -   The All Progressives Congress (APC) Deputy Governorship Candidate in Lagos State, Dr Obafemi Hamzat, on Wednesday urged Nigerians to totally reject the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in 2019. Hamzat, a former Commissioner of Works and Infrastructure in Lagos, gave the advice at the… December 12, 2018 In "Politics" Bolaji Buhari Lagos - A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos State,  Sen. Olamilekan Adeola (Lagos West) on Monday said President Muhammadu Buhari had recorded remarkable achievements in the fight against corruption. Adeola made the statement while addressing members of  the  party, residents and other stakeholders in… January 22, 2019 In "Politics"