Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The 2023 Campaign Posters of the national leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Former House of Reps Speaker, Yakubu Dogara have emerged online. The posters, which have elicited different reactions from Nigerians online has strengthened rumours that Tinubu may nurse a presidential ambition. It will be recalled that Dogara recently left the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP for the APC, further creating suspicions that he is gunning for the vice-presidential position in 2023. Last week, Dogara held a closed-door meeting with Asiwaju Bola Tinubu in Lagos State. Others at the closed-door meeting with the former Governor of Lagos State were, Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, Bauchi State APC Chairman, Uba Ahmad Nana and Bauchi Central Senator, Halliru Dauda Jika. Also, the Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP), said that APC may have lured Dogara into APC, using the propaganda of northern Christian VP to Tinubu. CUPP, in a statement signed by its spokesman, Ikenga Ugochinyere stated: “I hope they have not used the propaganda of northern Christian VP to Tinubu to lure my very good friend to the APC party that might not survive the upcoming intraparty 2023 crisis.” Ahmed Bola Tinubu is arguably the self-proclaimed leader of the Yoruba in Nigerian politics. It couldn’t be more obvious than during the 2015 presidential election when he got many Yoruba to vote for President Muhammadu Buhari. Buhari so literally worshipped him that had Tinubu sneezed, Buhari would have easily caught… December 6, 2018 In "Opinion" By Edegbe Odemwingie & Jonathan Nda-Isaiah Against all odds, Senator Bukola Saraki and Hon Yakubu Dogara emerged Senate president and Speaker of the  House of Representatives, last Tuesday. JONATHAN NDA-ISAIAH and EDEGBE ODEMWINGIE, in this report, look at factors that led to their emergence After weeks of politicking and horsetrading,… June 14, 2015 In "News" •Senator Bola Tinubu Screeching on television in February 2018, Remi Tinubu, wife of Ahmed Tinubu, the Jagaban of Borgu, let out a bellow. She said her husband was ‘’trashed’’ (her word) after the 2015 election. Her wailing: “I was hurt [by] what they did to my husband after the campaign… June 25, 2020 In "Opinion"