Hundreds of women and youths have walked on the streets of Benin, capital of Edo in solidarity with Governor Godwin Obaseki and his deputy, Philip Shaibu. The supporters of Obaseki, the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the September 19 governorship election, also called for peaceful campaigns and poll. But 17 anti-Obaseki members of Edo Assembly led by Victor Edoror, maintained they would still sit on Friday at the Assembly complex. They said Obaseki’s intimidation through heap of granite at the entrance of the Assembly and removal of roofing sheets of the complex at Ring road won’t deter them. The seven pro-Obaseki lawmakers, led by Francis Okiye, also claimed to be in charge despite withdrawal of his security details by authorities of police and the Department of State Services (DSS). Adequate security is afforded Edoror and the 16 other lawmakers backing the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. DSS operatives, policemen and other security personnel are on standby at the Assembly complex in Benin to prevent breakdown of law and order. Details shortly… The Nation The Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation Abubakar Malami has ordered the Inspector General of Police to provide security for the 17 anti-Obaseki members of the Edo Assembly. In a letter dated August 5 based on a petition to his office by Idahosa-West Chambers, Malami said the… August 7, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - There was pandemonium on Thursday as large number of policemen stormed the Edo State House of Assembly sending panic and fear in Benin City, Edo capital. Passers-by took to their heel, shop owners close to the Assembly locked their shops as they sensed… August 7, 2020 In "News" As the fallout between Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State and his predecessor Adams Oshiomhole deepens, the latest move from the Oshiomhole camp is said to involve a plot to impeach Obaseki. Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is said to have intimated to some of… July 10, 2019 In "Politics"