By Awayi Kuje Lafia  – A lawmaker in Nasarawa state, Mr Mohammed Omadefu, on Monday assured students of his Keane constituency of his support and partnership to bring development to the area and the state at large. Omadefu, who is also the Chairman, Committee on Information, Nasarawa State Assembly, gave the assurance when he received members of the Keana Students Forum (KESFO), Nasarawa State University, chapter, who paid him a visit in Lafia. The lawmaker while appreciating the students for the visit, assured them of his continued determination to improve on the lives of the people of the area. ” I appreciate you for the show of love and solidarity. You have touched my heart. I will continue to support you to succeed, we will synergize to take Keana to greater height. ” I will continue to key into good policies and programmes that will have direct bearing on the lives of our people and the state at large ,” he said. Omadefu also assured of continued sound and quality representation in the state legislative body. He urged the students to continue to be hard working in order to excel in their academic pursuits. The lawmaker also appealed to his constituents and people in the state at large to live in peace and tolerate one another for positive development. Earlier, Mr Oshafu Isa -Iliya, the President of KESFO, said that the visit was to identify with the lawmaker and assure him of their 100 per cent support to enable him succeed in the task ahead of him. ” We will continue to support you to succeed, ” the KESFO President said. They described the Omadefu as a responsible lawmaker while urging him to keep the flag flying. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the forum presented a birthday cake to the lawmaker to mark his birthday. (NAN) By Awayi Kuje   Lafia   -    A member of the Nasarawa State House of Assembly, Alhaji Mohammed Alkali, has advised students in the country to eschew indiscipline, examination malpractice and other social vices that could undermine their future. Alkali (APC-Lafia North) gave the advice on Monday in Lafia after he… July 16, 2018 In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - Mr Salihu Iyimoga,member, Nasarawa State House of Assembly,has urged students to shun examination malpractice, cultism and other social vices in the interest of  their future Iyimoga made the call on Friday in Lafia while receiving Doma Students Association, Nasarawa State University, (NSU) Keffi chapter… December 6, 2019 In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - Mr Salihu Iyimoga,member, Nasarawa State House of Assembly,has urged students to shun examination malpractice, cultism and other social vices in the interest of  their future Iyimoga made the call on Friday in Lafia while receiving Doma Students Association, Nasarawa State University, (NSU) Keffi chapter… December 6, 2019 In "News"