By Naomi Sharang Abuja –  The Senate on Monday queried the management of the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) over what it called 11 years non-profitable venture with StarTimes StarTimes is a Chinese electronics and media company with strong presence in Africa. StarTimes offers digital terrestrial television and satellite television services to consumers, provides technologies to countries and broadcasters that are switching from analog to digital television. Chairman Senate Joint committee on Finance and National Planning, Sen. Solomon Adeola gave the query when the Director-General NTA, Yakubu Ibn Mohammed appeared before the committee during a public hearing in Abuja. Adeola asked “Mr DG are you telling this committee that for solid 11 years ,the joint venture agreement NTA had with StarTimes has not yielded any profit despite using your facilities for over one million subscribers. “This is completely unfair to Nigeria. Something is cooking. You must come with the MD of your subsidiary unit overseeing the contractual and operational agreement”, he said. The D-G, Mohammed said “As an Executive Director in 2009 in NTA, not a single kobo was made from the joint venture with StarTimes, the same situation I met in 2016 when I returned as D-G. ” In fact , on assumption of office as D-G , that was the first question I asked , upon which records of non- profitability was presented by the NTA subsidiary outfit running it . “The non- profitability status of the venture remains till today,” he said . Consequently, the DG was ordered to appear before the committee again on Tuesday along with the Managing Director of NTA TV Enterprises, Maxwell Loko, supervising the the joint venture with StarTimes. (NAN) By Jacinta Nwachukwu/ Uche Bibilari   Idu ( FCT)   -      NTA-Startimes has donated 20 sets of direct to home satellite TV decoders, two sets of satellite projector TV receiver complete with solar power supply and a set of 32 inches digital TV to Hulumi Village. Mr Yakubu… August 11, 2017 In "News" BEIJING Ninety-seven African countries may not meet the June 17, 2015 deadline to switch-over from analogue to digital television broadcasting as a result of insufficient funding and poor infrastructure. Telecommunication experts at the 5th African Digitalisation Seminar in Tianjin- Beijing on Friday agreed that unless there was a miracle, only… June 13, 2015 In "Foreign" Abuja - Some Abuja-based subscribers of Startimes Nigeria, one of Nigeria’s pay television, on Thursday decried the company’s recent 40 per cent hike in tariff. The subscribers told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that the new subscription was a way of exploiting and cheating them, adding that… June 4, 2015 In "News"