Baghdad  – The Iraqi Foreign Ministry on Wednesday cancelled a planned visit by the Turkish defence minister to Baghdad and summoned the Turkish ambassador to Iraq following a Turkish airstrike. Report says the airstrike kills two Iraqi officers and one soldier in Iraq’s northern semi-autonomous region of Kurdistan. A statement by the ministry said that it “announces the cancellation of the Turkish Defence Minister’s visit to Iraq, slated for Thursday.” It also said the ministry “will summon the Turkish ambassador, Fatih Yildiz, to hand him a strongly worded letter of protest, and to express Iraq’s rejection to his country’s attacks and violations.” “Iraq categorically rejects, and strongly condemns the blatant attack carried out by a Turkish drone inside Iraqi territories in Sidekan area in Erbil province,’’ the statement said. According to the statement, Iraq also threatened to reconsider working with Turkey after it failed to respond to Iraq’s demands to stop violating its sovereignty and to withdraw Turkish forces from their bases inside the Kurdish region. On Tuesday, the Iraqi Joint Operations Command said that a Turkish drone bombed a military vehicle of border guards in the Sidekan area in Kurdistan region, killing the commander of the 2nd border guard brigade, commander of the brigade’s 3rd regiment, and the driver. Turkish forces frequently carry out ground operations, airstrikes and artillery bombardments against the positions of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) militants in northern Iraq, especially the Qandil Mountains, the main PKK base. The PKK is listed as a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the U.S. and the European Union. (Xinhua/NAN) Baghdad - Thousands of Iraqis, including senior politicians, attended the funeral of a top Iranian general and Iraqi militiamen in Baghdad on Saturday, following a U.S. airstrike that sharply escalated tensions across the region. The attack near Baghdad airport killed Qassem Soleimani, the commander of Iran’s elite Quds Force, and… January 4, 2020 In "Foreign" Baghdad - A powerful Iraqi militia backed by Iran on Monday said that U.S. airstrikes in western Iraq had left 25 militiamen dead and 50 others wounded, thus increasing Sunday’s death toll. On Sunday, the U.S. military said it carried out “precision defensive strikes” in Iraq and Syria against the… December 30, 2019 In "Foreign" Karbala (Iraq) - A months-long political stand-off in Iraq has created the conditions that allowed recent U.S. and Iranian attacks in the country, argued Iraq’s most influential Shiite cleric, Ali al-Sistani, on Friday. Last week, the U.S. killed a top Iranian commander in an airstrike in Baghdad. Iran retaliated by… January 10, 2020 In "Foreign"