By Funmilayo Adeyemi Abuja  – The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it is considering new date for the commencement of the 2020 admission processes from the earlier announced date of Aug. 22.The board disclosed this in its bulletin made available to newsmen in Abuja on Sunday.According to the Board, it will be meeting all the tertiary institutions on Aug. 10 to brainstorm on the possibility of shifting the commencement of admissions to a date that would better accommodate the vagaries of the COVID-19 Pandemic.“As a responsive organisation whose mantra is equity and fairness, the Board desires that every aspiring candidate who had taken its UTME be given equal opportunity to compete with his/her peers for the available openings.” This is the reason for its call for another meeting with all the institutions with a view to amending the earlier and mutually-agreed date for the conduct of Post-UTME screening and other processes.“As intellectuals, it is incumbent on the Board and the various tertiary institutions to always provide practical solutions to perceived challenges for the smooth running of the sector without being prompted by the government.” Such solutions, when arrived at, would then be forwarded to the relevant Ministries or Agencies for further inputs and necessary approvals, ” it saidIt further said that the Board was working to pre-empt any unpalatable situation that may arise if institutions conduct their admissions without accommodating the vast number of candidates that are about to take their O’level examinations.JAMB added that the meeting would be looking at the possibility of ensuring that the various institutions either delay or prolong their screening to accommodate candidates who would be taking the 2020 O’level Examinations to be conducted by WAEC, NECO, NABTEB, etc.The public will recall that owing to the lockdown occasioned by COVID-19 Pandemic, candidates who had sat the Board’s UTME under the Awaiting Results stipulation, were unable to take the Senior School Certificate Examinations conducted by the West Africa Examination Council (WAEC), National Examinations Council (NECO), National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB) etc., as scheduled.It would also be recalled that owing to the further relaxation of the COVID-19-inspired restrictions by the Federal Government, the West African Examination Council has fixed the commencement of its examinations from Aug. 17, and end them on Sept. 12.National Business and Technical Education Board would conduct its series of examinations from 21st Sept. 21 to Oct. 15, while the National Examinations Council would commence its own examination from Oct. 5 to Nov. 17. (NAN) By Veronica Dariya   Bwari   -     The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), on Tuesday, announced that the Direct Entry (DE) application, which began in December 2017, would close on June 4. The Board’s Head of Media, Dr Fabian Benjamin, made the announcement in an interview with the News Agency… May 29, 2018 In "News" By Veronica Dariya Bwari (Abuja) - The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has set 160 and above as cut off mark for 2020/21admissions into universities across the country.The Registrar of the board, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, disclosed this during a presentation of the policy considerations at the 2020 Policy Meeting… June 16, 2020 In "Education" By Veronica Dariya   Bwari   -      The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) on Thursday urged all institutions preparing for post-UTME and other processes leading to admissions to update their candidates’ list from the Central Admission Processing System (CAPS). The board’s Head of Media, Dr Fabian Benjamin,… July 19, 2018 In "News"