By Clara Egbogota Asaba  -The Ministry of Basic and Secondary Education in Delta has approved 10 private schools as centres for the Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) organised by the National Examination Council (NECO).The Commissioner in charge of the ministry, Mr Patrick Ukah, made the disclosure in a statement on Tuesday in Asaba.He explained that the examination was for only JSS 3 students in private schools, who registered for the national BECE, whose resumption was today( Tuesday)“The schools are Master Care Secondary School, Asaba; Heaven Point High School, Asaba; Deeper Life High School, Opete; Udu, DSC Tech High School, Udu.“Top Grade College, Umunede, Wingate Schools, Warri; James Hope College, Agbor, Graceville College, Asaba; Graceville High School, Okpanam and Day Spring Christian College, Opete.“The students are to revise for two weeks before the examination scheduled to start on Aug. 24,” the commissioner said.He said that the committee set up to monitor compliance with the approved COVID-19 protocols would go round the schools, warning that any of them found wanting would be shut down.Ukah said that other schools whose names were not mentioned but were billed yo present students for the examination should seek the ministry’s clearance.“JSS 3 students in public schools, who registered for the state BECE, are expected to resume on Sept. 8, 2020, to start revision for their examination billed to begin on Sept. 21, 2020,” he said.Ukah appealed to stakeholders for patience, saying that the decision to stagger the resumption of schools in the state was to ensure that health of teachers, students and pupils was not jeopardised.(NAN) Lagos- The Registrar, West African Examination Council (WAEC), Dr Iyi Uwadiae, on Tuesday pleaded with the Federal Government to give the examination body an opportunity of conducting  the Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE). Uwadiae made the appeal in Lagos at the opening ceremony of the 63rd Annual Council Meeting of the… March 25, 2015 In "News" The 2017 Junior School Certificate Examination (aka Junior WAEC) timetable has been released. This is for all students who will be writing the Basic Education Certification Examination (BECE). The 2017/18 Junior WAEC timetable is meant to prepare for their exams and also guide them through date and times for papers… March 13, 2017 In "Education" By AbdulFatai Beki Ilorin - The Kwara Government has warned principals in public and private secondary schools in the state to comply with Coronavirus (COVID-19) protocols as schools resume or face sanctions. The State Commissioner for Education, Hajiya Ahmed Fatimah-Bisola gave the warning on Wednesday in a message she sent… August 5, 2020 In "News"