Big Brother Naija season 5 housemate Kiddwaya has said he’s not sure he has feelings for fellow housemate, Erica. Recall that the two have been all romantic and even engaging in sexual act in the house. When he was put on the spot on Sunday during the live eviction show, Kiddwaya opened up that he’s not sure he has feelings for Erica. According to him, he only loves her smile and her vibes. He also noted that she is a lively person with a lovable personality, but he was not sure if he was ready to take the friendship to the next level. “I’m not sure I have feelings for her. If I have feelings, I’ll tell her I have feelings for her. I don’t know if I have feelings but I definitely enjoying my time with her. She is a great person,” he said. However, Kiddwaya concluded his speech by saying Erica will be the first to know if he finally falls in love with her. Kiddwaya and Erica have been in a complicated relationship. The latter had ended the relationship last week but was soon seen locking lips with Kiddwaya. Watch video below: “Everyone who knows me, knows this is me just being me,” Kidd addresses questions bordering about flirtatious behaviors and the relationship between himself and Erica.. . . . . . #bbnaija #bbnaijareunion #bbnaija2020 #pepperdemreunion #bbnaijaupdates #bbnaijalockdown #bigbrothernaija A post shared by  BBNaija Lockdown  (@bigbrotherradio) on Aug 9, 2020 at 12:34pm PDT Source Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, has revealed the kind of man she would like to settle down with. Erica disclosed that she wants a man with the kind of mind Laycon has and the body build of her love interest, Kiddwaya. The 26-year-old BBNaija housemate disclosed this during… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija housemate, Kiddwaya, has told fellow housemate, Nengi that he is not in the reality show to have a girlfriend. In their one-on-one conversation last night, Nengi said she didn’t want to stand between Kidd and other female housemates. Nengi felt her closeness to Kidd was causing tension… August 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"