Closed-circuit television (CCTV) footage has reportedly exposed a 30-year old man simply identified as Jomaph, as the rapist of an 11-year old girl in Sapele, Delta state. According to The Nation the incident reportedly happened last Wednesday morning. Although details surrounding the incident were not clear as of the time of filing this report, it was gathered that the victim was assaulted when she went to use a convenience. However, she returned minutes later, crying that she had been abused by the suspect, said to be a neighbour. Jomaph was said to have denied violating the young girl and sought the arrest of the victim and her family members. Unfortunately for him, a CCTV camera installed by another neighbour for business, reportedly exposed him in the act. The Delta State Police Command confirmed the incident, Tuesday to The Nation. The Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Onome Onowakpoyeya, who noted that she was yet to get official statements of the case, said “the incident happened in Sapele. They said, initially, the man denied, until they brought the CCTV footage and so, he owned up. “They are trying to compile the case appropriately and transfer to the State CID.” The Nation The police in Ebonyi State have arrested a 75-year-old grandmother for allegedly flogging and pouring pepper into the eyes and private parts of her 11-year-old house help. The woman, who gave her name as Mrs Comfort Obi, was arrested by the personnel of the Ekumenyi Police Station in Abakaliki on… April 16, 2020 In "News" By Danielle Ogbeche A suspected serial rapist who reportedly raped and stabbed a 60-year-old woman, Francisca, in the neck is currently on the run. The fleeing suspect also brutalized his victim’s 10-year-old daughter identified only as Marvelous for daring to raise the alarm. According to reports, the incident which happened… July 13, 2016 In "Metro" A 43-year-old farmer, Francis Joseph, has defiled a 12-year-old to daughter of his neighbour in Lugbogi area of Ondo, in Ondo West Local Government Area of Ondo State. Joseph, who is married with four wives and nine children, was said to have lured the underaged girl to his house and… June 11, 2019 In "Metro"