Ebonyi has banned under aged herders from operating in the state. It warned under aged herders caught will be arrested while the chief herdsman would be arrested and prosecuted. These were part of the communiqué at the end of an expanded Security Council Meeting in Abakaliki, the state capital. The meeting had in attendance leaders and members of the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association in the state. Heads of various security agencies were also in attendance at the meeting chaired by Governor David Umahi. “The various communities are by this meeting empowered to arrest and handover to the police any under-aged herders within your community and the chief herder who is the custodian of such under-aged persons must be prosecuted by the police, in accordance with our law,” said the communiqué read by Deputy Governor Kelechi Igwe. It warned henceforth members of Miyetti Allah and their leadership must take responsibilities for any destruction of farms, crops, properties, including attacks on any community in Ebonyi. “They must produce within seven days for arrest and prosecution the perpetrators of such bastardly acts from amongst their membership,” the communiqué added. It added community leaders and traditional rulers, development centre coordinators; local government council chairmen and political office holders must take responsibility and produce attackers and killers of herdsmen or the cows for arrest and prosecution within seven days whenever such occurs. “Henceforth, herders must reside in the community where they graze their cattle. “All persons carrying cow by foot on the tarred road, on our concrete roads must be arrested and handed over to the police within seven days of prosecution by the community within which such infractions come,” the communiqué added. The Nation Ebonyi state governor, David Umahi, reacted to the clash between herdsmen and farmers at Enyanwu Igwe Igbeagu community - The governor ordered the herdsmen in the community to vacate immediately - He said he can't watch and let killings like that of Benue happen in his state Governor David Umahi… March 14, 2018 In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki -   The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association has condemned Monday’s clash in Onunwakpu community of Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi which led to the death of three farmers and a herdsman. The National Secretary of the association, Alhaji Baba Usman, made the condemnation on… March 13, 2018 In "News" By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri - The lawmaker representing Oguta Constituency in Imo, Mr Frank Ugboma, has called on his constituents to remain calm over the alleged killing of a community leader in Agwa Community by herdsmen. The lawmaker made the call in Oguta on Monday when he met with representatives… June 16, 2020 In "Politics"