According to The PUNCH, the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has asked the aviation authorities and airline operators to begin the process for the restart of international flights. With the reopening of domestic airports for domestic flights in July after over four months of closure due to the coronavirus pandemic, travellers had been in high hopes for the resumption of international flights. But the PTF National Coordinator, Sani Aliyu, during a briefing on Thursday in Abuja, said the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority and other agencies, as well as airlines, should commence the process for the restart of international flights. According to Aliyu, passengers would arrive three hours before flights when the country’s airspace finally opens for international operations. He said, “Specific to air transportation, as you are aware, domestic flights have already resumed, the railway sector has also restarted. For international travel, we have made recommendation to the aviation industry to commence the process for opening international airport provided all existing international and local Covid-19 protocol are in place. “We have modified the protocol for passenger arrivals at the airports. Domestic passengers arriving at the airports are advised to arrive one hour before their flights and three hours before international flights when this restarts.” Ahead of the resumption of commercial flights in the country, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria has advised non-travellers to stay away from airports. It also enjoined persons coming to pick up arriving passengers to remain in their cars until travellers exit airports’ entrances. The Authority made this known on… June 17, 2020 In "News" The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has said that passengers must arrive at least three hours before their take-off time when commercial operations resume at airports later this month. Stating this on Monday, June 15 on its Twitter handle, FAAN said that passengers’ early arrival would enable efficient checks… June 15, 2020 In "News" •Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika LAGOS - The Federal Government on Saturday said that the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) is 90 percent ready to open up the airways for domestic flights in the country to fly. It said even though it is not 100 percent satisfied with what it’s… June 27, 2020 In "News"