By Segun Giwa Ondo town (Ondo State)  -A former governor of Ondo State, Olusegun Mimiko, says he will not respond to the various allegations levelled against him by the incumbent, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, until the governorship campaigns begin. Mimiko said this on Sunday in Ondo town when he hosted the Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi, at his residence. Ajayi had defected to the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in the hope of clinching the party’s gubernatorial ticket for the Oct. 10 election. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Akeredolu had decried the abandoned projects by the previous administration in the state, describing this as a disgrace to governance and a disservice to the people. Akeredolu spoke while inaugurating four projects completed by his administration at the Agagu University of Science and Technology (OSAUSTECH), Okitipupa. Mimiko, however, said the time to compare his government with that of his successor, had not come. He said any party or government that would not meet the needs of the masses at the point of their yearnings was not progressive. According to Mimiko, ZLP is the only party that loves helping the poor to achieve their dreams. Mimiko, who described the deputy governor as a seasoned politician, added that ” all his good and bad sides we know, we do not expect surprises.” The former governor thanked Ajayi for joining ZLP, describing him and his followers as true progressives. Earlier, Ajayi had said he joined ZLP not only to contest the gubernatorial election, but to help promote good governance in the state. (NAN) Ondo State Accountant General, Mr Laolu Akindolie, might soon be sacked for being allegedly loyal to the Deputy Governor, Hon Agboola Ajayi. Hon Ajayi has fallen out with the Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu and is being expected to defect to the opposition People’s Democratic Party. Alleged loyalty of the Accountant General… June 9, 2020 In "Politics" Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains are warming up for next year’s governorship election in Ondo State. Correspondent DAMISI OJO writes on the scramble for power in the Sunshine State. Although the guidelines for next year’s governorship election in Ondo State are yet to be released… June 22, 2015 In "News" Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, on Monday broke silence on alleged withdrawal of security details of his Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi. Ajayi had last week raised the alarm that the State Commissioner of Police, Salami Bolaji ordered withdrawal of his police escort and therefore put his life, family and staff… June 29, 2020 In "News"