By Kingsley Okoye  Abuja  – Former Speaker of the Parliament of the Economic Community of West African States, ECOWAS Parliament, Sen. Ike Ekweremadu, has congratulated President of the African Development Bank, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, on his re-election. Reacting to the development, the former Deputy President of the Nigerian Senate described Adesina’s reelection as “a landmark victory, not only for Nigeria, but also for Africa as a whole”. Ekweremadu in statement signed by his Media Adviser, Uche Anichukwu in Abuja on Thursday said: “After rain comes sunshine and I congratulate you on your reelection, which is both vindication for your character and competence and a well-deserved reward for all the successes and spectacular progress the African Development Bank has made under your leadership. “You have proven yourself a true son of Africa, unapologetically and unrepentantly committed to the socio-economic emancipation of the continent and it is my hope that you will lead the Bank to surpass the successes of your first tenure. “I must also commend President Muhammadu Buhari and the people of Nigeria for the leadership and solidarity shown in your matter. “Importantly, there is one big lesson from the entire episode: When we speak with one voice, the world listens.” Ekweremadu wishes Adesina well and prayed God to grant him the grace to continue on the part of excellence. (NAN) ABUJA - The minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr Akinwumi Adesina, has emerged president of the African Development Bank (AfDB). Mr Musibau Azzze, National Coordinator of RUFIN confirmed on Thursday in Addis Ababa that, Nigeria’s Agriculture Minister, won the AfDB elections. Adesina will now take over from outgoing bank… May 28, 2015 In "News" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja - The National Fish Association of Nigeria (NFAN), has lauded Africa’s vote of confidence in the President of African Development Bank (AfDB), Dr Akinwumi Adesina, which paved way for his reelection for another term of five years. Mr Chidike Ukoh, National Publicity Secretary of NFAN, made… August 28, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Immediate past Speaker of the Parliament of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Parliament, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, on Thursday expressed regrets that the Supplementary Act on the Enhancement of the Powers of the ECOWAS Parliament by the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and… February 4, 2016 In "Top Stories"