Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The flagbearer of the Peoples Democratic Party in the forthcoming election in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede has visited former President, Olusegun Obasanjo for his support in the coming gubernatorial election in the State. Eyitayo visited Obasanjo in Abeokuta to seek his support to defeat the All Progressives Congress, APC, candidate and incumbent Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu. Eyitayo disclosed the visit to Obasanjo on his Twitter handle on Saturday and he displayed the picture he took with the former President. He wrote: “Seeking support of the elders, the next 63 days will no doubt be decisive, we will succeed. God our help!” The former Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Ondo State, had on August 22, 2020 emerged the candidate of the PDP for the Ondo State governorship election. Jegede, emerged the winner of the party’s primary after he scored 760 votes to defeat Hon Saka Lawal, his only rival, who scored 22 votes. Jegede had on July 23 resigned from his appointment in preparation to contest the governorship election by November 2016. Chairman of the PDP Primary Election Committee for Ondo State and the Governor of Bayelsa State, Seriake Dickson, announced the results of the primaries at the International Cultural and Event Centre (The Dome), Akure. By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - Mr Eyitayo Jegede (SAN) has emerged as a candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) for the Oct. 10 governorship election in Ondo State. Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, who was the Chairman of the PDP primary committee, announced that Jegede scored 888 to… July 23, 2020 In "Politics" The winner of the governorship primary of the Peoples Democratic Party in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede, has said his emergence as the party’s candidate would end the reign of Governor Rotimi Akeredolu in the state. Jegede emerged winner of the PDP primary on Wednesday night, having polled 888 votes, defeating… July 23, 2020 In "Politics" Okitipupa -  A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo state, Mr Larry Ogunmusire, has said that the party would win the Nov. 26 governorship election in the state. Ogunmusire, who is the Chairman of Okitipupa Local Government Area, said this in an interview with the News Agency… August 26, 2016 In "Politics"