By Deji Abdulwahab  Abuja  – The All Progressives Congress (APC) has called on Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo to ensure fair and peaceful process in the Sept. 19 governorship election. Mr Patrick Obahiagbon, Vice Chairman, Communication and Publicity of the APC National Campaign Council, gave the advice on Friday at a news conference in Abuja. According to Obahiagbon, nobody’s ambition was worth the blood of any Edo resident. “The protection of the integrity of the Edo Governorship election from the brooding and sprawling violence is a collective obligation. “This must be shared by all well-meaning citizens and groups interested in the survival of democracy and the constitutional rights and freedom of the people to determine the leadership of their state and their representatives in government,” he said. He urged the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) led-government in Edo to uphold the rule of law, democratic ethics and constitutionalism to ensure peaceful conduct of the election in the state. (NAN) By Yetti Bada Abuja - The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, on Thursday congratulated the Governor-elect of Edo, Godwin Obaseki, for his election victory. This is contained in a statement released to newsmen by Mr Edegbe Odemwingie, APC Assistant Director Publicity, in Abuja Odigie-Oyegun… September 30, 2016 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Edo state chapter of the All Progressives Congress has accused the Governor Godwin Obaseki-led Edo State Government of “hatching a plot to illegally detain” Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, a former National Chairman of the party who has joined the campaign for its candidate, Pastor Ize-Iyamu, over… July 27, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) Chief Wole Olanipeku is leading four other SANS in cases of certificate forgery and perjury instituted against Government Godwin Obaseki of Edo State. The plaintiffs are asking the court to disqualify the governor and his deputy from participating in the September… July 19, 2020 In "News"