By Nefishetu Yakubu  Benin  – The Edo House of Assembly on Wednesday impeached its Deputy Speaker, Yekini Idaiye over alleged gross misconduct. The impeachment was sequel to a motion moved by Henry Okhuarobo, member representing Ikpoba-Okha and seconded by Marcus Onobun representing Esan West. Okhuarobo said, “Mr Speaker, with me is a notice of impeachment of the deputy speaker of the house signed by two-third members of the house. “The impeachment of the deputy speaker is on the grounds of gross misconduct and divulging of official secrets,” Okhuarobo said. The lawmakers after deliberations on the petition, unanimously adopted the motion through a voice-vote. The Speaker, Francis Okiye, thereafter, pronounced the deputy speaker impeached. Meanwhile, the house leader, Roland Asoro was made the deputy speaker shortly after he was nominated and administered oath of office and oath of allegiance by the speaker. The motion for the nomination of Roland Asoro as the new deputy speaker was moved by Emmanuel Okoduwa representing Esan North East and seconded by Ephraim Aluebhosele representing Igueben constituency. Also during plenary, Henry Okhuarobo, the former chief whip was elevated to the position of the Leader of the house, while Marcus Onobun, deputy leader was made the chief whip and Sunny Ojiezele as Deputy leader. Ephraim Aluebhosele was elevated to the position of the deputy whip, while Emmanuel Okoduwa was made a co-opted member of the principal officers council. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that only seven members were in the house when they took the decision. All efforts to reach the impeached deputy speaker proved abortive, while he had also switched off his phone. (NAN) By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - The Edo House of Assembly on Monday adopted a resolution lifting the suspension on Philip Eguaroje, the vice chairman of Akoko-Edo Local Government Area of the state. The move was sequel to the consideration of the report of an ad-hoc committee on the impeachment of… February 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Ojo Oluwafemi   Akure    -        The Ondo State House of Assembly on Friday impeached its Speaker, Bamidele Oloyelogun, and his deputy, Iroju Ogundeji. Assemblyman Sunday Olajide (APC-Akure Constituency 2) moved the motion for the impeachment, while Assemblyman Oluyede Feyide (APC- Ose Constituency) seconded the motion.… November 9, 2018 In "News" By Obike Ukoh Ebonyi and Edo Houses of Assembly have been in the news for some time now. The centre could not hold in the two legislatures; resulting in factionalisation and election of two speakers. In respect of the Edo Assembly, each of the faction is sitting and carrying out… August 30, 2014 In "News"