Multiple airstrikes conducted by the Air Task Force of the Operation Lafiya Dole, have destroyed Boko Haram storage facility in Yamud along Gulumba Gana-Kumshe axis of Borno State, The Nation has learnt. Scores of the terrorists were also reportedly killed in the attack. The Coordinator Defence Media Operations, Major General John Enenche, in a statement noted that the operation was carried out after series of credible intelligence reports. According to the statement, “the Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE has destroyed a Boko Haram Terrorists’ (BHTs’) logistics storage facility and neutralized several of their fighters at Yamud along the Gulumba Gana-Kumshe axis of Borno State. “The operation was executed yesterday, 11 August 2020, on the heels of credible intelligence reports indicating that the settlement was one of the locations where the terrorists store their logistics and assemble to launch attacks.” It added that, “series of follow-up aerial surveillance missions also showed significant number of terrorists within the settlement and also identified some compounds that were being used as storage facilities and meeting venues. “Accordingly, the Air Task Force detailed its fighter jets to attack the location scoring accurate hits leading to the destruction of the designated target structures as well as the neutralization of several of the terrorists.” The Nation By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE has destroyed a Boko Haram terrorists’ logistics storage facility. It also neutralized several of their fighters at Yamud, along the Gulumba Gana-Kumshe axis of Borno. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in a… August 12, 2020 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Defence Headquarters says the Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation Lafiya Dole, on Friday, killed several Boko Haram terrorists in air strikes at Mina along the Gulumba Gana-Kumshe axis in Northern Borno. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, in a statement on… July 4, 2020 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje ABUJA - The Defence Headquarters says the Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation Lafiya Dole has destroyed Boko Haram’s logistics base and killed scores of terrorists in an air raid in Borno.The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, in a statement on Saturday, said the successful… June 27, 2020 In "News"