Ex-Head of House, Lucy has expressed her determination to ensure the 15 Housemates lose the fifth-week wager challenge. Lucy’s anger stemmed from Kiddwaya’s stand on how Housemates should give their all to the wager challenge scheduled for Thursday night. In her fit of rage, Lucy told Wathoni and Praise she cares less about the wager task but self-respect. Lucy, who was the Head of House for week two, said she won’t have Kiddwaya and Erica disrespect her just because of the position he occupies. She bluntly told Praise and Wathoni she would ensure the Housemates lose the wager for the fourth time – having won it once in the last five weeks. Although Kiddwaya had called for a truce and apologised for his words and the tone he used with the Housemates, it is unsure if Lucy has accepted the apology. Lucy has recoiled into her shell and even had a confrontation with Prince earlier on Day 31. She had told Prince to stay on his line and not talk to her if possible. Prince was Lucy’s Deputy during her reign as the Head of House in the second week of the show. The Nation A total of N3 million has been splashed on the remaining 16 Housemates after they won a Guinness sponsored game. The 16 Housemates won the cash prize after the two groups in the house, Blue Team and Black Team, carried out the task with confidence and guts. The Tuesday night… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica's attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment"