London  -British Airways (BA) is increasingly likely to face strike this autumn, as the trade union representing cabin crew said that new contracts offered to the airline’s remaining staff did not offer enough stability. The union, Unite, also said that the new contracts could cut pay substantially. The trade union first threatened BA with strike in July. After a union meeting on Thursday, a spokesman said that he would instruct lawyers to proceed to industrial action. However, any strike, which would need to be approved by a vote, is likely to be some weeks away, given that Unite has yet to formally start the process. BA said that it had received no notification of any ballot for industrial action, the first step in a weeks-long process which precedes any strike. British Airways, owned by IAG (ICAG.L), however, said it was battling to survive after the pandemic wiped out international travel. It has been burning through 20 million pounds a day and has said it needs to axe up to 12,000 jobs. While flying restarted in Europe in June, new restrictions continue to be imposed. On Thursday, Britain brought in quarantine rules for Austria and Croatia, creating a problem for travel demand in markets served by BA. Unite says that the cuts BA is trying to make go too far. It also argues that staff who keep their jobs at the airline face contracts which provide no stability or security, and involve pay cuts of up to 43 per cent. “Enough is enough. We will now instruct our legal specialists to proceed to industrial and legal actions, which will hit BA in the autumn,” Unite said in a statement. (Reuters/NAN) British Airways is to make up to 12,000 staff redundant in response to the coronavirus pandemic. The airline has cut 94 per cent of its flights and its parent company, IAG, lost almost half a billion pounds in the first three months of 2019, with much heavier losses expected. As… April 29, 2020 In "Foreign" Johannesburg - South African Airways (SAA) signed a wage deal with trade unions on Friday to end an eight-day strike that brought the cash-strapped state airline to the brink of collapse. SAA said it would restore its flight schedule to normal over the weekend and promised to delay talks with… November 22, 2019 In "Foreign" By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja    -    The Federal Government has expressed regret over the reported deaths of some workers of the defunct Nigerian Airways occasioned by the delay in the payment of their entitlements. The defunct national carrier was liquidated by former President Olusegun Obasanjo regime in 2005, and since… September 21, 2017 In "News"