By Aminu Garko Minna –   The Police Command in Niger has confirmed the killing of a foreign national by suspected bandits, who was abducted together with a Nigerian between Yankila and Regina villages in Rafi Local Government Area of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) reports that the Command had earlier confirmed their abduction. Mr Adamu Usman, the Commissioner of Police, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Minna on Tuesday, that corpse of the victim was recovered by the police in a bush in Pangu Gari, Gunna district of Rafi local government area. He said the corpse had been conveyed by the police to Minna General Hospital for autopsy, while investigation is in progress. Usman solicited the support of rural dwellers in volunteering information that would aid in apprehending the bandits and rescue of the Nigerian still in the kidnappers custody. Usman said that the victims were handling the rehabilation of the bad portion of the federal road in the area when they were abducted. “They have not informed the command of their operations in the state. We only knew their presence in the state due to this incident”, he said. (NAN) By Aminu Garko Minna - The Police command in Niger has confirmed the abduction of a foreign national and a Nigerian by suspected bandits between Yankila and Regina village of Rafi Local Government Area of the state. Mr Adamu Usman, Commissioner of Police, confirmed the incident in an interview with… August 18, 2020 In "Metro" By Aminu Garko Minna - The Police in Niger on Monday confirmed the repel of attack by bandits on Malfa village in Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. Alhaji Adamu Usman, the state Commissioner of Police, confirmed the development in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… January 20, 2020 In "News" By Aminu Garko Minna - The Police in Niger have arrested one Mohammed Isa, 27, of Dogon Ruwa village of Bosso Local Government Area of the state, for allegedly shooting and killing his neighbour, Umaru Abubakar, 30, with a Dane gun. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Usman Adamu,… December 7, 2019 In "Metro"