Mike Edward, an ex-housemate of the Big Brother Naija reality show, has announced the arrival of a new child with Perri, his wife. The actor-cum-entrepreneur took his Twitter page on Friday to share pictures from the labour room, where he bore the child in his arms, holding it towards his bare chest as his wife lay on the bed. “Black women are five times likely to die in pregnancy and childbirth. In the words of John Boyega, We need to care for them. They’re us. They’re our future. We can’t demonize our own,” he said. “We are the pillars of the family. To my wife, @itspsd you’re nothing short of amazing, and I’m so proud to be your husband and twice as excited that you’re the mother to our baby boy.” Mike, who emerged the runner-up of the 2019 BBNaija, had recounted how he went from being a “homeless athlete” — fighting to represent Nigeria — to a household name who calls attention in public. “I can’t just walk into a local grocery store or bank because I cause too much attention, plus I hardly ever turn down a selfie with my people,” the reality TV star had said. “I’ve had incredible opportunities present themselves, and it’s exciting thinking about the plans. Last year, I was a homeless athlete fighting to represent Nigeria, and now I’m a household name.” After his emergence as champion at the SPAR British Athletics Indoor, the businessman, whose father is Jamaican and mother is Nigerian, had in 2018 told TheCable that he was overlooked for years. Black women are five times more likely to die in pregnancy and childbirth…To my wife, you’re nothing short of amazing, and I’m so proud to be your husband and twice as excited that you’re the mother to our baby boy. Labour & Delivery story link: https://t.co/M8vaSVtybc pic.twitter.com/oj4t44a014 Matthew Olaoluwa Edwards  August 26th 2020 7:00am • Labour & Delivery story live on our ‘Mike and Perri’ YouTube Channel https://t.co/M8vaSVtybc pic.twitter.com/RBT3LS7FVb Perri has been enjoying Nigeria since she came from the United Kingdom. She recently spoke to the media about the challenges she had when her man was away. Mike easily won the heart of Nigerians at the Big Brother Naija house. "It was really hard that I wasn’t going to… October 14, 2019 In "Entertainment" Perri Shakes-Drayton, the wife of Big Brother Naija housemate, Mike has reacted after Tacha rained insults on her husband. The drama occurred just after the Saturday night party in the Big Brother House. While they were in the changing room, Tacha picked on Mike and other guys for getting drunk… July 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" Wife to Big Brother Naija Housemate, Mike has broken silence on her husband's decision to feature in this year's reality show despite being married. Mike on Sunday had told the housemates that he is married. However, one of the housemates, Ella seems to be getting closer to him. His wife… July 3, 2019 In "Entertainment"