By Gabriel Yough Jalingo –   The Joint Public Service Negotiating Council in Taraba on Wednesday gave the State Government a seven-day ultimatum to sign the N30,000 minimum wage agreement or face industrial action. The Chairman of the council, Mr Wilfred Kwanchi, gave the ultimatum in Jalingo while addressing newsmen on the plight of workers in the state. Kwanchi decried the inability of the state government to implement the N30, 000 national minimum wage as agreed between it and labour, accusing the government of insensitivity to the plight of workers in the state. He demanded for the implementation of the minimum wage in the September salaries, threatening that workers would embark on strike if the government failed to implement the new wage. “The minimum wage of 30, 000 was signed into law in Nigeria on April 8, 2019 and the law allowed states to negotiate and pay the minimum wage based on their ability and capacity. “In Taraba State, mandate was obtained, negotiations commenced and concluded on March 3, 2020 and the report presented to the Governor for consideration and further directive. “Government requested for a grace of three months to implement the negotiated minimum wage in the state in view of the ravaging effects of Coronavirus on the global economy which Taraba state was not immuned from. “Five months down the line, there is no indication by government to sign the agreement, let alone implement its content. “We, therefore, demand the immediate signing of the agreement within seven days and implementation of same in the September salaries, beyond which we will embark on industrial action,” he warned. In a swift reaction, Special Adviser to the State Governor on Media and Publicity, Mr Bala Dan-Abu, pleaded with the council not to embark on strike, saying that negotiations were ongoing. (NAN) Bukola Adewumi   Abuja    -      The Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Tuesday insisted organised labour would commence strike from early hours of Thursday, Sept. 27, following Federal Government’s failure to honour its ultimatum on the new minimum wage. A statement signed by Mr Musa-Lawal Ozigi, TUC, Secretary General in Abuja… September 25, 2018 In "News" By Chinyere Bassey   Lagos   -     With President Muhammadu Buhari about to roll out a new salary package for civil servants, an influential workers union has promised tough times for governors who may not pay the new salary structure. The Secretary-General of the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria… January 16, 2019 In "News" By Bukola Adewumi   Abuja   -    The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has directed its 36 state councils to commence mobilisation of workers in readiness for its nationwide strike, schedule to commence on Sept. 27. The General-Secretary of the NLC, Dr Peter Ozo-Eson, gave the directive in a bulletin… September 26, 2018 In "News"