Berlin  -The German Federation of Journalists (DJV) has called on the German government to impose penalties on Belarus for its crackdown on journalists, including some from Germany. Because Germany currently holds the rotating presidency of the European Union Council, Berlin has a particular responsibility to respond to the systematic suppression of press freedom and the harassment of journalists, DJV Chairman Frank Ueberall said on Sunday. “The fact that Foreign Minister Heiko Maas wants to summon the Belarusian ambassador is an important signal,” said Ueberall. But he argued it shouldn’t stop there. “Economic sanctions against Belarus must no longer be taboo,” he said. In recent days, journalists in Minsk and other Belarusian cities were harassed, temporarily detained by security forces, or had their accreditation withdrawn. Meanwhile, thousands of people have begun streaming into the centre of Minsk for a mass protest against contested Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko, according to a dpa reporter. In spite of a ban of the mass demonstration by police, people began marching to Independence Square, which was sealed off earlier by police forces. “We are protesting nevertheless in some places in the city,” said Maria, a 33-year-old participant. Police immediately began arresting people, carrying peaceful protesters away into prisoner transport vehicles, while protesters yelled “shame”. The Interior Ministry has warned citizens not to take part in the unauthorised rally and has threatened violence. (dpa/NAN) Brussels - European Union leaders holding an emergency summit were expected to endorse sanctions on Belarusian officials blamed for election fraud, but signalled reluctance to take steps that might be seen as a bid to pry the country from Moscow’s orbit. President Alexander Lukashenko has faced mass street demonstrations since… August 20, 2020 In "Foreign" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Ambassador of Republic of Belarus to Nigeria, Mr Vyacheslav Bril, has commended the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) for its role in combating insurgency and other forms of criminality in the country. NAF’s Spokesman, Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, said in a statement on Thursday that… March 14, 2019 In "News" MOSCOW - Moscow and Kiev have both said they do not expect much to come of talks to be held in Berlin on Monday about the ongoing civil conflict in eastern Ukraine. The Ukrainian representative, Mr Alexei Makeyev, said he did not rule out the possibility of new problems arising… January 5, 2015 In "Foreign"