By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu  Awka  -Two persons were confirmed dead on Saturday night in an accident involving a bus and a motorcycle at New Jerusalem along Nanka-oko Road in Orumba North area of Anambra. Mr Andrew Kumapayi, the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka on Sunday. Kumapayi said that the accident, which occurred around 8:40 p.m, was caused by overspeeding. The FRSC boss said that four people, all male, were involved in the accident, but two died. “The crash involved a Mitsubishi L300 bus with enlistment number FGG212XV and a Honda C75 Motorcycle with registration number AKL843QH. “The bus driver and the rider of the motorcycle were reportedly on top speed and had a head-on-collusion as they tried to avoid potholes. “The two victims on the motorcycle were rushed to St. Joseph Hospital, Nanka by FRSC rescue team from Nanka Outpost. They were confirmed dead by doctors at the hospital, ” he said. Kumapayi said that the incident had been referred to the Nigeria Police Force for further investigation. While condoling with the families of the dead, he warned motorists against overspeeding, especially within built-up areas. ” Drivers should drive within stipulated speed limits, ensure maximum concentration and must tolerate other road users. Mostroad accidents are avoidable, ” he said. (NAN) By Lucy Osuizigbo Awka - The Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Monday confirmed that one person died in an accident involving an 18-seater bus  and a tipper on Nteje-Awka Expressway, in Oyi area of Anambra.The sector Commander,   Mr Andrew Kumapayi, told the News Agency… August 12, 2019 In "Metro" By Peter Okolie Awka - Three people were confirmed dead, while eight others sustained injuries in an accident  involving two vehicles at Amansea near Awka, along Awka – Enugu old road on Saturday. Mr Pascal Anigbo, Public Relations Officer of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Anambra, confirmed the… February 15, 2020 In "Metro" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - One person died on Saturday, while nine others sustained injuries in a fatal accident involving two buses. Mr Andrew Kumapayi, the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Anambra Command, who confirmed the death said 10 persons were involved in the accident. Kumapayi said the… November 23, 2019 In "Metro"