Moscow –   President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that Russia had become the first country in the world to grant regulatory approval to a COVID-19 vaccine after less than two months of human testing, a move hailed by Moscow as evidence of its scientific prowess. The development paves the way for the mass inoculation of the Russian population, even as the final stage of clinical trials to test safety and efficacy continue. The speed at which Russia is moving to roll out its vaccine highlights its determination to win the global race for an effective product, but has stirred concerns that it may be putting national prestige before sound science and safety. Speaking at a government meeting on state television, Putin said the vaccine, developed by Moscow’s Gamaleya Institute, was safe and that it had even been administered to one of his daughters. “I know that it works quite effectively, forms strong immunity, and I repeat, it has passed all the needed checks,” said Putin. He said he hoped the country would soon start mass producing the vaccine. Its approval by the health ministry foreshadows the start of a larger trial involving thousands of participants, commonly known as a Phase III trial. Such trials, which require a certain rate of participants catching the virus to observe the vaccine’s effect, are normally considered essential precursors for a vaccine to receive regulatory approval. Regulators around the world have insisted that the rush to develop COVID-19 vaccines will not compromise safety. But recent surveys show growing public distrust in governments’ efforts to rapidly produce such a vaccine. Russian health workers treating COVID-19 patients will be offered the chance of volunteering to be vaccinated soon after the vaccine’s approval, a source told Reuters last month. More than 100 possible vaccines are being developed around the world to try to stop the COVID-19 pandemic. At least four are in final Phase III human trials, according to WHO data. (Reuters/NAN) Vladimir Putin, president of Russia, says he would work remotely after shaking hands with a doctor who tested positive for the coronavirus. Denis Protsenko, who heads the country’s main coronavirus hospital said he tested positive for the disease, but that he feels well. “I have tested positive, But I feel… April 1, 2020 In "News" Moscow - Melita Vujnovic, World Health Organisation (WHO) representative in Russia, said WHO has received certification requests for 40 coronavirus tests, as 20 vaccines are being developed. Vujnovic made the statement in an interview with sputnik on Friday. “As of this moment, the WHO has received 40 requests to consider… March 20, 2020 In "Foreign" Moscow - Two Russian activists involved in a campaign against what they say are President Vladimir Putin’s illegal plans to remain in power were detained by authorities on Thursday. “While four others had their homes searched,’’ an anti-Kremlin group said. Moscow’s Investigative Committee, which looks into serious crimes and the… July 9, 2020 In "Foreign"