The Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari is currently meeting with the All Progressives Congress, APC, governorship candidate in the Edo State September 19 election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu at the Presidential Villa Abuja, Vanguard reports. The Edo State APC governorship candidate was led to the Presidential Villa by the Chairman, Caretaker Committee of the ruling party and Governor of Yobe State, Mai Malla Buni, accompanied by Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje. Although it was rumoured that the national leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu will be part of the delegation, as at the time of filing this report, the former Lagos State Governor was yet to be sighted at the seat of power. It was reliably gathered that the party came to present the APC governorship candidate to the President for his endorsement and support for the forthcoming elections. It was further gathered that the party wants President Buhari to be part of the campaign to give more acceptability to it. Source After his controversial dissolution of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Thursday, President Muhammadu Buhari is making moves to break the ranks of the sacked NWC members who have rejected the president’s action. The Hilliard Eta-led 18 members of the NWC, in a statement on… June 26, 2020 In "News" Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics" •Governor Godwin Obaseki and Asiwaju Bola Tinubu ABUJA - Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State was in talks with the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, as part of his last-ditch effort to pick the party's ticket in the upcoming primaries in… May 31, 2020 In "Politics"