Maj-Gen Ibrahim Yusuf, Force Commander, Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) has given assurance that the recently surrendered Boko Haram/Islamic States West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists would be given humane treatment. Yusuf made the promise in a statement by Col Timothy Antigha, MNJTF Chief of Military Public Information on Tuesday in N’Djamena, Chad. He was quoted to have given the assurance during an interaction with the surrendered fighters in Mora, Extreme North Region, Cameroun. He said that the Boko Haram /ISWAP idea was misplaced and orchestrated by few misguided individuals who desired to inflict suffering on millions of people in the Lake Chad Basin, for their own selfish and personal interests. He said that countries affected by Boko Haram insurgency had developed their respective Disarmament, Demobilization, Reintegration and Resettlement (DD/RR) programmes to address the peculiar challenges introduced by the Boko Haram insurgency. The Commander urged them to encourage their former colleagues and friends who are still in the bush to come out and surrender. In his reaction, the spokesperson of the group (name withheld) commended MNJTF authorities for accommodating and catering for them and their families. The spokesperson noted that contrary to a widely held opinion that fighters who surrendered are being killed, members of his group are safe. According to the representative, their commanders told them that they will be killed if they surrender. ”But here we are being treated like human beings,” the spokesperson said. The representative expressed regret over the atrocities that they were misled to commit and prayed for forgiveness. The statement noted that the Force Commander also used the opportunity to operationalise the EU funded direct supply of Petroleum, Oil and Lubricants to Sector 1 of the MNJTF. ”It will be recalled that fortnight ago, the MNJTF launched the programme in Sector 4 Diffa (Niger Republic). “All sectors of the MNJTF are benefiting from the EU intervention,” it added. Sun News By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Multi National Joint Task Force (MNJTF) has received 47 members of Boko Haram/Islamic States West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorist groups who surrendered to its troops in the Lake Chad and surrounding areas. The Chief of Military Public Information MNJTF N’Djamena – Chad, Col. Timothy… July 24, 2020 In "News" By Johnson Eyiangho Abuja - The Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) in Chad, says the leadership of the Boko Haram terrorists group is currently overwhelmed and in disarray. Col, Timothy Antigha, the Chief of Military Public Information of the MNJTF, confirmed this in a statement made available to newsmen in… March 12, 2019 In "News" ABUJA - Mass surrender has reportedly hit Boko Haram and the Islamic State of West Africa (ISWAP) terrorist groups. Reporting on this, Colonel Timothy Antigha, Chief of Military Public Information, Multi National Joint Task Force (MNJTF), said on Thursday from N’Djamena – Chad: “Incessant power tussle in the top echelon,… July 24, 2020 In "News"