Sydney  – Google on Monday warned Australians that the government’s proposed new media laws could inhibit their access to free services and compromise their personal data. In an open letter published online, Google expressed worry over the government’s plan to make it and other tech giants such as Face book pay for news they take from Australia’s traditional media outlets. Google claimed the code that sets bargaining procedures and penalties to force tech giants to reach an agreement with media companies to pay to use their news would provide users with a “dramatically worse” Google Search and YouTube products. Google said “it could lead to your data being handed over to big news businesses, and would put the free services you use at risk in Australia. “Under this law, Google has to tell news media businesses ‘how they can gain access’ to data about your use of our products,” adding that there is no way of knowing if that data would then be protected. According to Melanie Silva, the managing director of Google Australia, Google already pays news media businesses millions of dollars and sends them billions of free clicks every year. She said the code would give big media companies’ special treatment and encourage them to make “enormous and unreasonable demands.” Some of the country’s largest media companies have argued for annual payments of between 600 million Australian dollars (430 million dollars) and one billion dollars from the tech platforms for use of their news. The draft code is open for discussion until Aug. 28, and is expected to be implemented by the end of the year. (dpa/NAN) Google will pay partnered media publishers in three countries and offer some users free access to paywalled news sites, the tech giant said Thursday. The announcement comes after legal battles in France and Australia over Google’s refusal to pay news organizations for content. In a blog post, the firm said… June 25, 2020 In "News" Facebook and Google will be forced to share advertising revenue with Australian media companies after the treasurer, Josh Frydenberg, instructed the competition watchdog to develop a mandatory code of conduct for the digital giants amid a steep decline in advertising brought on by the coronavirus pandemic. In its response to… April 20, 2020 In "News" By QUENTIN HARDYSAN FRANCISCO — Nothing concentrates minds at a tech start-up like living in the middle of a price war between Amazon and Google.Just ask executives at companies like Box, Dropbox and Hightail. They pioneered a new kind of Internet service that allows people and companies to store all kinds of… August 25, 2014 In "News"