Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Erica has opened up on why she can not be friends with single mother of one and fellow housemate, Wathoni. This comes after the two were involved in a messing fight over billionaire’s son and fellow housemate, Kiddwaya few days ago. Trouble started when after Erica mentioned she doesn’t like to chase guys. But, Wathoni indirectly disagreed, saying Kiddwaya who is Erica’s love interest did not chase any girl in the house. This got her angry and led to the confrontation with Wathoni. Erica during the argument made reference to Wathoni’s son and asked her to act her age. Wathoni has since then remained hurt and refused to talk to Erica. On Tuesday, she told Laycon not to talk to her about Erica and wished she could be evicted from BBNaija house. However, Tolanibaj, speaking to Erica on Wednesday night, asked if she had reconciled with Wathoni. Responding, Erica said she tried to make peace but Wathoni hesitated and she has made up her mind not to be friends with her. Erica said; “All the times I tried to be cool with her she’s still weird and giving negative energy. “When you know someone does not like you, it would show and always be fake. “You cannot be friends with everyone, so, abeg I’ve left her,”. Source Big Brother Naija housemate, Kiddwaya, has told fellow housemate, Nengi that he is not in the reality show to have a girlfriend. In their one-on-one conversation last night, Nengi said she didn’t want to stand between Kidd and other female housemates. Nengi felt her closeness to Kidd was causing tension… August 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, has revealed the kind of man she would like to settle down with. Erica disclosed that she wants a man with the kind of mind Laycon has and the body build of her love interest, Kiddwaya. The 26-year-old BBNaija housemate disclosed this during… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment"