 Abuja (Sundiata Post)  –  The Nigeria Police Force has invited a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr. Obadiah Mailafia, to its Abuja office on Monday. The police probe comes despite a separate investigation of the former CBN governor by the Department of State Services. The DSS had last week invited Mailafia to its Jos office over comments he made during a radio interview wherein he stated that an unidentified northern governor was a Boko Haram commander. Mailafia, who was the Presidential candidate of the African Democratic Congress in the last election, said he got the information from some former Boko Haram fighters. In an invitation letter addressed to Mailafia, however, the police did not reveal the reason for the invitation. The letter was signed by the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Admin) Umar Sanda, on behalf of the Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Force Criminal Investigation Department, Abuja. In the document with reference number 3000/X/FHQ/ABJ/VOl.245/8 dated August 20, 2020, the police asked Mailafia to be at the Force Criminal Investigation Department Complex, Garki Area 10, on Monday, August 24, 2020 by 11am. The letter titled, ‘Re: Investigation Activities, Police Investigation’, was marked ‘confidential’. The letter stated that we “wish to inform you that this office is investigating a case in which your name featured prominently. “In light of the above, you are invited to in an interview with the Deputy Inspector-General of Police, FCID Abuja, through the undersigned on Monday, August 24, 2020 by 11am at Room 407, 3rd Floor, FCID Complex, Area 10, Abuja. “Accept the assurances of the Deputy Inspector-General of Police, FCID.” Mailafia is currently a member of the Directing Staff of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies, Kuru. When contacted on the telephone on Friday, he refused to speak with The PUNCH and directed this reporter to his lawyer.(Punch). The former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and stakeholder in Southern Kaduna, Dr. Obadiah Mailafia, has been invited by the Department of State Services DSS to its Jos office over the statement he made recently made during an interview about a Northern governor being the commander of… August 12, 2020 In "Politics" The Former Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Deputy Governor, Dr. Obadiah Mailafia on Monday stormed the office of Department of State Services (DSS) in Jos, Plateau state. Mailafia, who was a guest of the DSS last week, was interrogated for six hours but later released unconditionally. The DSS was said… August 17, 2020 In "News" The National Broadcasting Commission has fined a radio station, Nigeria Info, N5m, for a recent comment made by a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr Obadiah Mailafia. This was contained in a statement signed by the NBC management on Thursday titled, ‘The National Broadcasting Commission Fines… August 13, 2020 In "News"