By VIctor Adeoti  Osogbo  – Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun has urged leadership of the Federal Character Commission(FCC) to ensure equity and fairness in the discharge of their duties. Oyetola said this while receiving the delegation of the Commission led by its Commissioner from Osun, Mr Adeoye Rasak, in his office on Thursday in Osogbo. The governor said it was incumbent on the leadership of the commission to imbibe the culture of equity, fairness and evenness among government agencies and reflect same in its dispositions. The governor, who described the Commission as a reflection of Nigeria as a federating unit, urged the Commission to oversee what belongs to each of the federating units and ensure even distribution of commonwealth, be it appointments or infrastructure. “Federal Character Commission is a reflection of the fact that we are a federating unit.It is a Commission that oversees what belongs to all of us. ” It is a Commission that should ensure even distribution of commonwealth be it appointment or infrastructure. “So my charge is for you to ensure equitable distribution of the nation’s resources be it appointment or infrastructure,” he said. According to him, I am glad that you said there is a reasonable level of cooperation between your Commission and our Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs). “We have heard instances of non-citizens taking the slots of Osun when it comes to positions distribution, that is not fair, that is criminal. So, you need to seriously look into that and find a way to move forward,” he added. Earlier in his remark, Rasak lauded the state government for creating an enabling environment for all the agencies of government operating in the state to thrive. He commended the governor for the sustenance of harmonious relationship between the state and the Commission. Rasak called for improved working relationship between the Commission and the MDAs in the state. (NAN) By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun on Tuesday, sworn in Justice Foluke Awolalu as the new President of Osun State Customary Court of Appeal. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Awolalu was appointed following the death of the former President of the court, Justice… January 21, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Character Commission (FCC) says it will use its mandate to tackle youth restiveness by ensuring fairness and equal representation in government recruitment in the country. Mr Ojo Christopher, Commissioner for Ekiti in the commission, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Friday that… May 16, 2014 In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Gov. Adegboyega Oyetola on Wednesday inaugurated members of the Osun Independent Electoral Commission (OSIEC) ahead of the local government poll in the state. Oyetola, during the inauguration in Osogbo, urged members of the commission to conduct a free, fair, credible and peaceful election. The governor… June 10, 2020 In "News"