London –   Tottenham Hotspur have signed Joe Hart on a free transfer, with the former England and Manchester City goalkeeper signing a two-year contract, the English Premier League (EPL) club said on Tuesday. The 33-year-old left Burnley at the expiration of his contract in June, having made three appearances in all competitions last season. That was after he found himself behind compatriot Nick Pope in the pecking order. Hart, who was capped 75 times by England, will compete with first-choice goalkeeper Hugo Lloris and Argentinian Paulo Gazzaniga at Spurs. “We are delighted to announce the signing of Joe Hart on a contract until 2022,” Spurs said in a statement. Hart won the league twice with Manchester City but lost his place in the team after the appointment of manager Pep Guardiola in 2016. He later had loan spells at Italian side Torino and West Ham United before signing permanently for Burnley in 2018. He is Spurs’ second signing of the transfer window, following the arrival of Denmark midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg from Southampton in a deal reportedly worth around 15 million pounds (20 million dollars). Spurs finished sixth in the league and will play in next season’s UEFA Europa League qualifiers. The new Premier League campaign begins on Sept. 12. (Reuters/NAN) Burnley    -     Burnley have signed central defender Ben Gibson from Championship club Middlesbrough for a fee of 15 million pounds. It is the English Premier League club’s first move of the transfer window. The Clarets said that the fee for Gibson equals the club’s record transfer fee paid last year… August 5, 2018 In "Sports" Abuja -  Manchester City FC have signed goalkeeper Claudio Bravo from FC Barcelona of Spain for 18 million euros (about £15.4 million). The Spanish club has however indicated that the fee for the 33-year-old Chile international could rise with £1.7m of add-ons. Bravo, who has signed a four-year contract, is… August 25, 2016 In "Sports" London - Tottenham Hotspur had two men sent off and failed to make sure of a Premier League top-four finish after slipping to a 1-0 defeat by Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium on Saturday. With Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United — Tottenham’s rivals for third and fourth places — not… May 4, 2019 In "Sports"