Big Brother Lockdown housemate, Neo suprised Vee for her 24th birthday as he went all out for her by sacrificing all his BBNaira to get fresh flowers for her. The love between the pair is obviously waxing stronger than ever. Well, it was not a straightforward path for Neo to get the special gift for Vee, as he made the biggest sacrifice, and it was obviously worth it as she was all smiles upon receiving the gift. Neo had reminded Biggie about his intention to surprise and celebrate Vee’s birthday with a bouquet during his Diary session. Neo was subsequently asked to sacrifice all his BB Naira for the week and any of his personal belongings. He ultimately gave up a shirt and all his BBNaira. Neo’s decision to sacrifice his entire BBNaira for the week to get flowers for Vee is not unconnected with Vee’s dream of having a special and memorable 24th birthday. Neo had also noted that Vee had always told him how much she loves flowers. Watch a video of the moment he gifted her the flowers below; Awwnnn Lover Boy Neo comes through for Babe @veeiye with some goodies Happy Birthday Vee Continue to Age gracefully!!!#LayconandVee #bbnaijialockdown #BBVee Venita Mercy #BBNaija #NaijaNinja #Deltaday pic.twitter.com/ScsXjJS7Z2 Source Big Brother Naija ‘lockdown’ housemate, Neo took a romantic step to settle a quarrel earlier today with Vee. He bent his knee and apologized to her. Earlier in the day while clearing their room, Neo had sent his love interest, Vee away from his corner. Few minutes after Neo had… August 14, 2020 In "Entertainment" Housemates Vee and Neo have exchanged letters following their face-off in the Big Brother House. Vee and Neo, who have been talked about as the best couple in the house, are currently having a serious fight. The whole fuss started after Neo was sighted by Vee dancing with Kaisha in… August 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Former housemate of the ongoing BBNaija show Lilo has warned that Nigerians to be careful of people like Vee. This comes after she realized that Vee who was her closest friend was among those who voted her out of the show. The two were close owing to the closeness between… August 18, 2020 In "Entertainment"