Femi Fani-Kayode, a former Minister of Aviation and Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said he would dump the party alongside Governor Ben Ayade and many others, if the party structure in Cross River State is taken away from its Governor. FFK who dished out the threat in reaction to the ongoing battle on who becomes the next Chairman of the PDP in Cross Rivers, said it would be a big mistake for the PDP National Working Committee (NWC) to undermine a sitting Governor or attempt to humiliate him in his own state and before his people. He Tweeted; “It would be a big mistake for the NWC of the @OfficialPDPNig to take the party structures in his state away from Ben Ayaade, Gov. of Cross Rivers state, and hand them over to anyone else. If this is done and Ayade leaves the party be rest assured that many of us will leave with him. “You cannot and must not undermine a sitting Governor or attempt to humiliate him in his own state and before his people. Some of those that are advocating and behind this nonsense would never allow it to happen in their own states. A word is enough for the wise. “No-one, no matter how big or powerful, should think that they own the @OfficialPDPNig. If there is any attempt to undermine Ayade it will spark off a crisis in the party that will split it right down the middle and the consequences will not be limited to Cross Rivers state.” While Ayade is backing Alphonsus Eba (a.k.a Okadigbo) for the state chairmanship of PDP, other aggrieved groups are totally behind the former PDP national publicity secretary and former Commissioner Venatius Nkem, in the chairmanship race of the party. Source Nigeria has so many worthless politicians who bestrode the political space, priding in empty dignity, but simultaneously flaunting a badge of puritanism gulfed absolutely by even its surficial value. The grand master of these mischievous games is former Aviation Minister and jailbird, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode (aka FFK). Since his party,… August 8, 2018 In "Opinion" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Former Vice-President and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Atiku Abubakar paid a visit to Cross River State in continuation of his consultations with stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) across the country. He met with Governor Ben Ayade and other members of the party… May 14, 2018 In "Photo News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The South South Governors Forum and a former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, have urged the Chief Justice of the Federation, Justice Walter Onnoghen, not to appear before the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) on Monday for trial. The South South Governors rose from an… January 14, 2019 In "Top Stories"