By James Samuel. Minna (Sundiata Post) –  The governor of Niger State, Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello has described the activities of the International Fund for Agricultural Development, (IFAD) as a laudable programme that is capable of stimulating the country’s economy from the grassroots. Alhaji Sani Bello made this known when he hosted the Market and Enterprise Development Advisor of Federal Government of Nigeria on International Fund for Agricultural Development and Value Chain Development programme, led by Hajiya Fatima Muktar Buhari at Government House, Minna, the State Capital. The Governor who said IFAD has done creditably  well in the State also noted that there is the need for a communication link to monitor the activities. He therefore called on governments at all levels to partner the donors agencies to increase productivity that will eradicate poverty. The Governor added that he will open up discussions with Minister of Water Resources on how the dams in the State can be distilled to boost rice farming activities in the State. Alhaji Abubakar Sani Bello then assured the team of his administration’s support for the programme to achieve its set objectives. In her remarks, the Market and Enterprise advisor of Federal Government of Nigeria, IFAD/ Value Chain Development Programme Nigeria,, Hajiya Fatima Muktar Buhari said they were in the State to visit some Local government areas where they have ongoing programmes. Earlier, the State Programme Coordinator, Dr Matthew Ahmed explained that the programme is to support rice and cassava in boosting production as they are basic commodities in the State for now being focus on, with the hope to include Shea butter, cowpea and yam soon. By Obinna Unaeze Wushishsi (Niger) -   Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger on Friday inaugurated a cassava processing industry established at the cost of N150 million in Lokogoma, Wushishi Local Government Area of the state. The cassava industry was established under the International Fund for Agricultural Development Value Chain Development… July 13, 2018 In "Business" By Obinna Unaeze   Minna   -     The Niger Government on Tuesday commended the Value Chain Development Programme of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD-VCDP) for initiating the Commodity Alliance Forum (CAF) for farmers in the state. Malam Haruna Dukku, the Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, conveyed the commendation… June 26, 2018 In "Business" By Obinna Unaeze     Minna,    -       The International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) Assisted Value Chain Development Programme (VCDP) in Niger says it has trained 10 women on how to turn cassava by-products into confectioneries and food. Dr Matthew Ahmed, the State Programme Coordinator (SPC),… August 12, 2018 In "News"