Tehran  – The Iranian Health Ministry, on Wednesday, urged caution over the new Russian coronavirus vaccine Sputnik-V, which has drawn international criticism for not completing phase three clinical trials. “Before all clinical trials are completed, the use of vaccines is like a Pandora’s Box and, therefore, potentially dangerous,’’ spokesperson, Kianush Jahanpur, tweeted. In Greek mythology, the box opened by the curious Pandora contained all the evils in the world, including sickness. Jahanpur added that countries should remember that the goal of a vaccine must be the safety and health of the population. Like many countries, Tehran has said it is also working on a vaccine. Iran has been hit hard by the pandemic, with more than 330,000 infections and 18,800 fatalities. Moscow’s announcement, on Tuesday, that it was the first country in the world to register a vaccine drew scepticism over the speed of its regulatory approval and because Russia had not shared data from large-scale clinical trials. (dpa/NAN) By Olanrewaju Akojede Lagos - The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Tuesday called on nations to form a united front in an effort to battle the ravaging COVID-19 Pandemic. The call was made at the COVID-19 Virtual Conference which was coordinated at the WHOs headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The World… April 28, 2020 In "News" The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 on Monday revealed that coronavirus patients will be used as part of the global trial test of the vaccines developed for the treatment of coronavirus disclosed on Monday. Already, Nigeria has informed the World Health Organisation (WHO) that it wants to be part… May 5, 2020 In "Health" Moscow - President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that Russia had become the first country in the world to grant regulatory approval to a COVID-19 vaccine after less than two months of human testing, a move hailed by Moscow as evidence of its scientific prowess. The development paves the way… August 11, 2020 In "Top Stories"