Athens  – Greece and Bulgaria on Monday signed an agreement on involving state gas company Bulgartransgaz in the construction of a Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) terminal in the Greek city of Alexandroupoli.Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis and his Bulgarian counterpart, Boyko Borissov, were present at the signing ceremony. “This major investment has been launched with the end goal of turning our easternmost European port into a global energy center,” Mitsotakis said. The project is worth about $453 million, according to the Greek prime minister. “Thanks to these investments, Alexandroupoli opens its gates to liquid natural gas from various suppliers, including the U.S.,” Mitsotakis added. The Alexandroupoli terminal is scheduled for launch in late 2022-early 2023. Its main suppliers are said to be companies from the U.S., Qatar, and other countries.The move by Bulgaria is part of efforts it is making to move away from its almost complete dependence on gas from Russia. (Sputnik/NAN) Athens - Greece will tighten border controls to prevent the spread of coronavirus, focusing on island routes used by migrants to enter the country, Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis said on Thursday. His comments came as Greece reported two new cases of coronavirus, bringing its total of confirmed cases to three,… February 27, 2020 In "News" Athens - Greece says it will ask for an emergency meeting of the EU Foreign Affairs Council to take a stand on a row with Turkey over gas reserves in the eastern Mediterranean. The statement from Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis’ office on Tuesday came after he met Foreign Minister Nikos… August 11, 2020 In "Foreign" Athens - Greece has tightened sea and land borders with Turkey after developments in the Syrian region of Idlib, government sources said on Friday. A senior Turkish official said Turkey would no longer stop Syrian refugees from reaching Europe, as Ankara responded on Friday to the killing of 33 Turkish… February 28, 2020 In "Foreign"