By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba  –  Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has congratulated the Deputy President of the Senate, Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, as he clocked 57 on Aug. 3. Okowa, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Olisa Ifeajika, on Monday in Asaba, said Omo-Agege had made Deltans proud with his outstanding performance as one of the senators with the most number of Bills in the 9th Assembly. He said that Omo-Agege, who represents Delta Central Senatorial District, remained an amiable and very illustrious son of the state in whom Deltans were extremely delighted for his sterling and audacious political accomplishments. “On behalf of my family, the government and people of Delta, I congratulate my brother and friend, the deputy president of the senate, an illustrious son of Delta and a leader of inestimable value, distinguished Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, on the occasion of his 57th birth anniversary. “Your Excellency, you have made invaluable contributions to nation-building, especially with your no fewer than 18 Bills in the 9th senate, including the recently-passed Sexual Harassment Bill which seeks to combat sexual harassment as part of a broader move to uphold ethics in the nation’s tertiary institutions. “As a committed patriot, diligent and focused leader, Deltans and indeed, Nigerians, can attest to your unrelenting commitment to the fight against corruption in our institutions of government. “You have also demonstrated a strong commitment to the welfare of our citizens with the number of persons you have touched their lives in many ways, including employment. “On this special day of your 57th birthday anniversary, it is my prayer, that God will grant you many more years in good health to use your good offices to attract more developments to our state as we navigate toward bequeathing a stronger Delta for our people,” the governor said. (NAN). By Ifeanyi OlannyeAsaba. -. Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has congratulated the newly elected Presiding Officers and members of the 9th National Assembly on their successful inauguration. Okowa in a statement from the Government House, Asaba made available to newsmen on Wednesday, commended the resilience and political sagacity of the… June 12, 2019 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has congratulated the people of Delta State on the 28th anniversary of the creation of the state. The lawmaker representing Delta Central in the National Assembly, said though Delta has not attained its prime place… August 27, 2019 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy President of the Senateh, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has expressed deep shock and grief over the death of Mr. Anthony Chucks Obuh, a one-time leading governorship aspirant in Delta State. This was made available to newsmen in a statement signed by the… December 16, 2019 In "News"