By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos –  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Lagos State, on Monday notified electorate of its readiness to conduct both the Lagos East Senatorial District and Kosofe State House of Assembly Constituency bye-elections on Oct. 31. The INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner, Mr Sam Olumekun made this known in a statement obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. Olumekun said that the notices would be served at the Lagos East Senatorial District and Kosofe State House of Assembly Constituency. The commissioner, however, noted that this was in line with Section (30)3 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “The section states: “in the case of a bye-election, the Commission shall not later than 14 days before the date appointed for the election publish a notice stating the date of the election. “The bye-elections are necessitated by the demise of the Senator representing Lagos East Senatorial district, Senator Adebayo Osinowo and member representing Kosofe State house of Assembly, Hon.Tunde Buraimoh. NAN recalls that late Sen. Osinowo was a Nigerian businessman and politician. Osinowo, until his death was representing Lagos East in the Senate and also, the Chairman, Senate Committee on Industries. He died on June 15 at the age of 64. Also, late Tunde Braimoh until his death, was a member representing Kosofe Constituency II and Chairman, House Committee on Information, Strategy and Security. The deceased died on July 10, at the age of 59 after a brief illness. (NAN) The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has assured that the nation’s democracy and electoral process cannot be truncated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Commission therefore insisted that all elections will go on as scheduled despite the Coronavirus scare, adding that “while the Commission takes the COVID-19 pandemic seriously, our democracy… May 30, 2020 In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Lagos    -     The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it will continue to register any association that meet legal requirements for registration as political party ahead of 2019 general elections. Chairman of INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, disclosed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria… July 1, 2018 In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has assembled more than 1,500 card readers for the Dec. bye-election in Ifako-Ijaiye Federal Constituency to achieve seamless exercise. Mr Clement Oha, the Administrative Secretary of the commission, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Saturday… November 12, 2016 In "Politics"