Big Brother Naija ‘lockdown’ housemate, Neo took a romantic step to settle a quarrel earlier today with Vee. He bent his knee and apologized to her. Earlier in the day while clearing their room, Neo had sent his love interest, Vee away from his corner. Few minutes after Neo had finished cleaning his corner, he went after Vee to request a cuddle on his bed but Vee rejected and gave him the only condition for cuddling him. She asked Neo to kneel before her and apologise to which Neo did without blinking. He knelt before Vee and blurted the words, “I am sorry.” A surprised Neo wondered aloud and responded saying “it’s not a big deal to kneel and apologise to a lady. “You won’t know now until you get yourself into trouble and you need forgiveness.” Vee smiled and asked Neo who his mummy was to which he responded, ‘You’ See video below: He has apologized Vee said: kneel down and beg, who is your mummyNeo: youThis two are the cutest thing ever #VeeNeoPremiumShip #bbnaija pic.twitter.com/ALsaou9Rt9 Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate Dorathy, has warned Ozo to keep his distance from her during their time in the house. This might come as a surprise to many who actually felt the pair could go all the way with their friendship in the ongoing show. Things have taken a… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija housemate, Erica has during a recent conversation with TolaniBaj and Vee, spoken about her feelings towards Laycon and Kiddwaya. During the conversation, Erica disclosed how she’s mentally attracted to Laycon and physically attracted to Kiddwaya. Erica expressed how she really desires to have a guy with Kidd’s… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, has revealed the kind of man she would like to settle down with. Erica disclosed that she wants a man with the kind of mind Laycon has and the body build of her love interest, Kiddwaya. The 26-year-old BBNaija housemate disclosed this during… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment"