By Victor Adeoti Osogbo  – Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun has called for collective efforts in the fight against insurgency in the country. Oyetola said that collaborative effort and patriotism remain the tool that both the military and civilians require for the nation to win the war against insurgency. The governor made the remarks at the 10th edition of the Social Media Seminar organised by the Department of Civil-Military Affairs of the Nigerian Army in conjunction with Security Affairs Limited on Monday in Osogbo. The programme was organised for social media influencers, bloggers, online journalists and members of Civil Society Organisations. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the theme of the seminar was ‘Civil-Military Relations: The Evolving Role of the Social Media in Support of the Nigerian Army’s Non-Kinetic Line of Operations’. Oyetola said that a blend of active and soft forces was required to win the war against insurgency and perpetually restore peace to Nigeria. The governor, who described security as sine qua non to sustainable democratic governance, peace, unity and stability of any nation, saluted the vision of the leadership of the Nigerian Army for engaging in military-civil relations activities. According to him, such cordial relationship is part of the non-kinetic operations designed to improve army operations and restore peace to the nation. Oyetola said the seminar came at a challenging time when fake news was menacingly fuelling the raging insecurity and hampering the modest efforts of the military to stem the tide. The governor, who noted that the statutory duties of the military and the media were complementary, said both have responsibilities for the peace and wellbeing of the people and their fatherland. He said the seminar came at a time the social media was evolving as a medium of huge global reach and strong capacity for moulding opinions in a technology-driven world. In his remarks, the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, lauded the continued support of the administration of Oyetola for the Nigerian Army. He said the seminar was one of the fora being used by the army to disseminate prompt information to curb the menace of fake news. The Chief Of Army Staff was represented by the Chief of Policy and Plans, Nigerian Army Headquarters, Lt.- Gen. Lamidi Adeosun. He acknowledged the hands of fellowship that the army had been receiving from the civil populace, saying the seminar would further strengthen cordiality between the military and civil populace. Buratai said the army was ever ready to end the raging security challenges as it would leave no stone unturned in curbing criminal activities. (NAN) By: Hamza Suleima Maiduguri - Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, the Chief of Army Staff (COAS),   on Saturday called on the media to support the military to defeat Boko Haram insurgents. Buratai made the call during a dinner and interactive session organised for editors and defence correspondens in Maiduguri. He said that… December 23, 2018 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Authority of the Nigerian Army has organised a workshop to train social media, bloggers and online editors in Sokoto on how to report security issues. The representative of the Nigerian Army who is also the Chief of Civil-Military Affairs, Major General US Mohammed, disclosed that the workshop… February 11, 2020 In "Top Stories" Lagos - Prof. Isaac Albert, the Regional Board Chairman, West Africa Network for Peace building (WANEP), on Thursday said there was need for the Nigerian Military to have a more active public relations outfit. Albert, who is also a professor of Peace and Conflict Studies, University of Ibadan, made the… August 27, 2015 In "News"