John Obi Mikel has arrived Stoke City for a medical ahead of a move to the Sky Bet Championship side. He was pictured arriving at the club around 11:15 am on Monday. The picture of the former Nigeria international, which circulated on social media, showed him heading to the club’s Clayton Wood training ground. The 33-year-old is a free agent following his departure from Trabzonspor in March. Stoke City are set to sign former Chelsea midfielder John Mikel Obi on a one-year deal. The former Nigeria captain, 33, is a free agent having left Turkish side Trabzonspor by mutual consent in March. Mikel made 249 Premier League appearances for Chelsea in an 11-year spell, which ended when he left Stamford Bridge in 2017. He won the Champions League and Europa League, two Premier Leagues, three FA Cups and the League Cup with the London side. After leaving Stamford Bridge he joined Chinese side Tianjin TEDA and had a brief spell at Middlesbrough in 2019. Mikel won 89 caps for Nigeria, playing in two World Cups and helping the Super Eagles win the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations, before announcing his retirement from international football last summer. Championship side Stoke won three of their last four games in 2019/20 to pull away from relegation trouble and finish 15th under former Northern Ireland boss Michael O’Neill. The Nation By Lexi Elo John Obi Mikel The Super Eagles midfielder nine-year spell at Chelsea seems to be coming to an end as Jose Mourinho is believed to be considering replacements. Mikel could be on his way over the coming weeks and months. The Pensioners have been linked with moves for… July 2, 2015 In "Sports" Super Eagles captain, John Obi Mikel, has joined Turkish Super Lig club Trabzonspor. Mikel Obi has been without a club, since he left Championship club Middlesbrough at the end of the 2018/2019 season. “A two-year and an additional year agreement was signed with the free captain of the Nigerian national… July 1, 2019 In "Sports" Champions League winner John Mikel Obi says promotion to the Premier League with Middlesbrough would rank as one of his finest moments in football. The 31-year-old midfielder collected two Premier League titles, a Champions League, Europa League and three FA Cup winners medals with Chelsea, and joined Boro on a… March 6, 2019 In "Sports"