The United Kingdom (UK) High Commission in Nigeria has said it will replace expired 30-day visas for free as it reopens its Visa Application Centres (VAC). According to a statement issued by the High Commission on its official Twitter handle on Thursday, the replacement of the expired visas for free is due to the COVID-19 pandemic. “If an individual’s 30-day visa to travel to the UK for work, study it to join family has expired, or is about to expire, they can request a replacement visa with revised validity dates free of charge until the end of this year,” the statement explained. “This does not apply to other types of visas. The process will be in place until the end of 2020. The replacement visa will be valid for 90 days.” It said due to the travel disruptions caused by the pandemic, the High Commission is experiencing a high demand for the replacement of vignettes for 30-day visas to travel to the UK. “To request a replacement visa, individuals can arrange to return their passport, to their Visa Application Centre in Nigeria without an appointment,” the High Commission added. It, therefore, called on customers to be patient as it works on the issues causing delays in its normal operations. Read the full statement below: Source: Channels TV ABUJA - The British High Commission in Nigeria has said visa applications centres in the country would open from July 28. The Commission noted that Nigerians hoping to visit the UK could do so once international flights resume. The Federal Government had in March shut the country’s airspace to domestic… July 22, 2020 In "News" Abuja - The UK has launched Super Priority Visa Service in Nigeria to allow customers to process their applications within 24 hours. The British High Commission, in its website, said the new service was to particularly meet the needs of those who required urgent service to travel. The High Commission… August 10, 2016 In "News" By Folasade Adeniran and Lucy Osuizigbo Lagos  -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday said that the Federal Government would continue to encourage and facilitate Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) to promote made in Nigeria goods. Buhari, who gave the assurance at the 9th Bola Tinubu Colloquium in Lagos, said that… March 28, 2017 In "News"