Massachusetts (U. S.)  – Dustin Johnson said he is targeting a lengthy stay at the top of the world rankings after reclaiming the number one spot with a 11-shot victory at the Northern Trust Open on Sunday. The 36-year-old American became the fifth player to be ranked number one this year after he leapfrogged Jon Rahm, Justin Thomas and Rory McIlroy following his dominating display at TPC Boston. Brooks Koepka was also No. 1 this year. Johnson last held the number one ranking in May 2019. “Its something that I’m very proud of to be number one in the world, and I’d like to stay there for a little while,” Johnson told reporters. “Obviously its been jumping around a bunch here the last few months, but the last time I was number one, I think I stayed there for quite some time, and that’s another goal of mine is just to see how long I can stay at number one.” The Northern Trust Open was the first of three playoff events that culminated with the Sept. 4-7 Tour Championship in Atlanta and the 15 million dollars prize to the FedExCup champion. Johnson said he was determined to finish as the season’s champion for the first time in his career. “Its something I haven’t won. Its something I’ve been close to winning a few times, and its just something that I would really like to have on my resume when I’m done playing golf,” he added. “Its a big title. It means a lot to all the guys out here. It definitely means a lot to me.” (Reuters/NAN) Augusta, Georgia, U.S. - Tiger Woods’ final-round rally to win the Masters on Sunday in Augusta, Ga., boosted him to No. 6 in the Official World Golf Rankings, which were updated Sunday evening. Woods, 43, entered the tournament at No. 12 in the world, equaling his highest ranking since late… April 15, 2019 In "Sports" Memphis (U.S.) - Justin Thomas clinched his 13th PGA Tour victory on Sunday, winning the WGC FedEx St. Jude Invitational by a three-stroke margin and claiming the world number one ranking in the process. The 27-year-old American put up a near-flawless, five-under par 65 to win at TPC Southwind in… August 3, 2020 In "Sports" By Mark Lamport-Stokes OAKMONT, Pennsylvania  - Long-hitting American Dustin Johnson, seeking major redemption after several near-misses in recent years, won the 116th U.S. Open on Sunday amid high drama and initial uncertainty over his victory margin. In pursuit of his first grand slam crown, the world number six played clutch… June 20, 2016 In "News"