Newcastle –   Arsenal’s head of football, Raul Sanllehi, is leaving the club with Managing Director, Vinai Venkatesham, set to take over, the Premier League side announced on Saturday. Sanllehi, who was formerly Barcelona’s Director of Football, was initially appointed the club’s head of football relations before taking on the role of head of football in 2018, following a restructuring. “We have no doubt that Venkatesham is the right person to take the club forward. “He has shown outstanding leadership during the current crisis and is held in high regard internally and externally. “We know everyone will rally round him so we can move forward successfully,’’ Stan and Josh Kroenke said in a statement on behalf of owners, Kroenke Sports & Entertainment. Venkatesham, who has been at the club since 2010, said there was “much work to do” to ensure Arsenal were competitive again. “While this will not happen overnight, I believe we have many of the critical ingredients to do so. “There are many positives to build on across the club,’’ Venkatesham said. Arsenal sparked a social media backlash this month when the club announced plans to lay off 55 staff, less than a week after winning the FA Cup and qualifying for the Europa League. “I’m proud and pleased with the contribution I’ve made at Arsenal over the past three years and I look forward to enjoying the club’s future success. “Arsenal is a true footballing institution,’’ Sanllehi said in the statement. (Reuters/NAN) London    -      Arsenal’s Head of Football Raul Sanllehi has admitted that forward Danny Welbeck’s long-term injury could force the Premier League club to recruit in the January transfer window. Welbeck, often used as a backup striker by Manager Unai Emery, underwent two operations after suffering a broken ankle against Sporting… November 21, 2018 In "Sports" Doha - Spaniard Mikel Arteta, in talks to be the next Arsenal coach, has “no experience” as a manager and will need help, former Gunners manager Arsene Wenger said on Wednesday. Former Arsenal captain Arteta, assistant to Pep Guardiola at Manchester City, is the leading candidate to succeed Unai Emery… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has tested positive for coronavirus and the club's game against Brighton on Saturday has been postponed. The Gunners have closed their training ground and club staff who had recent contact with Arteta will now self-isolate. The Premier League will hold "an emergency club meeting" on Friday… March 13, 2020 In "Sports"