A mother of four, Modupe Oyelade, on Wednesday petitioned a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan, seeking dissolution of her marriage of 17 years to husband, Aderemi on grounds over alleged attempt to use her for money ritual. Modupe who lives at the Iyana-Church area in Ibadan, told Chief Ademola Odunade, the court’s President that her husband is trying to kill her to make him rich. ”He lied to me that he went to school. He has no certificate to show for it. “After my husband had frustrated my efforts to further my education at the university, I got assistance from friends and I graduated. “He wants to get rich quick and I am his target. I bleed every time I sleep with him. I see sacrificial calabash on my head in my dreams and in the bedroom. “Sometimes when we are in bed, my husband does some magical things at midnight that suggests his evil intention towards me. READ ALSO: ‘My hubby pushed me into adultery’“When I saw these signs, I abandoned the home to him, but our Pastor intervened and I returned once more. “I eventually packed away, but he traced me about with hired killers who confessed and warned me to be careful,” he said. The respondent, however, opposed the suit and denied all the allegations leveled against him. Aderemi argued that his wife was adulterous who lays about with men. “I did not make any attempt to use Modupe for money ritual. I have also been responsible for my children,” Aderemi stated. Delivering judgment, Odunade, dissolved the marriage citing threat to life for the court’s decision. He awarded custody of the four children to the plaintiff and ordered the defendant to pay N20, 000 as their monthly feeding allowance, in addition, to be responsible for their education and other welfare. The Nation LAGOS - A laboratory technician, Modupe Ajayi, on Wednesday told an Igando Customary Court, Lagos, that she once caught her husband in bed with her best friend. Modupe, 40, was responding to Ajayi’s petition, urging the court to dissolve his 12 years marriage for alleged threat to life and lack… August 20, 2014 In "News" By Deborah Akpede   Igando   -     An Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Monday saved a four-year-old marriage between Mrs Musilimotu Olashuyi and her husband, Gbenga, who conspired with a cleric to sleep with her. Musilimotu, had earlier approached the court, seeking to end her marriage, claiming… June 4, 2018 In "News" Abuja(SundiataPost) -Chief Ademola Odunade, the President of a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan, on Wednesday dissolved a three year-old marriage between Tawakalitu Adeoye and Hakeem over threat to life and ritual making. Odunade held that the court does not joke with any issue that had to do with life, hence… December 19, 2018 In "News"