The convoy of Imo state governor, Hope Uzodinma was ambushed on Monday August 17, while the Governor was on his way to the 34 Attilary Brigade in Obinze, to inaugurate an officers mess built by the state government. While the hoodlums armed with guns and machetes claimed to be staff members of the Imo State Oil Producing Areas Development Commission (ISOPADEC) and also disclosed they were protesting non-payment of their salaries, the state government said its position that most of the protests in the state were sponsored by the opposition had been vindicated. The state Commissioner of Police Isaac Akinmoyede who confirmed the arrest of 15 suspects linked to the attack, said they were arrested with one locally-made pistol, two machetes, a mask, a chain and a padlock. He also disclosed that the incident which occurred around Concord area of New Owerri, did not claim any life. Akinmoyede Said; “They attacked the vehicles in the convoy with a locally made pistol and machetes. “But in the process, windscreens of some of the vehicles in the convoy were smashed and the vehicles damaged.” The police commissioner added that the suspects have been handed over to state Criminal Investigation Department for further investigation. Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Imo State Police Command on Monday paraded 15 hoodlums suspected to have attacked the convoy of the State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, at New Owerri while on his way to a function at Obinze.The Imo State Police Command on Monday paraded 15 hoodlums suspected to have… August 17, 2020 In "News" Security operatives in a bid to curtail attacks and isolated killings in Southern Kaduna have arrested some bandits and criminals suspected to be members of gangs disturbing the area. The Sector Commander of Operation Safe Haven in Kafanchan, Colonel David Nwakonobi told newsmen that eight suspects were arrested at different… August 10, 2020 In "News" By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - The Ebonyi Police Command has arrested five suspected kidnappers that abducted one Mr Chigozie Igwe in front of his residence at Goddy Ogbaga Avenue in Abakaliki. Mr Awosola Awotunde, the Commissioner of Police in Ebonyi, said in Abakaliki on Friday that the victim was kidnapped… June 8, 2019 In "Metro"