Stephanie Okereke Linus, a veteran Nollywood actress, has revealed that she once suffered a ghastly motor accident that nearly crashed her dream of becoming an international movie star. The ex-model in an exclusive interview with Vanguard Allure described the incident as the most horrifying experience she has had in her life. According to the beautiful thespian, she had fears she was going to lose her face and legs and would not be able to continue pursuing her passion. “This was several years back when I had a terrible road accident. I thought I was going to lose my legs and my face, and won’t be able to do what I loved anymore. I’m grateful that God saw me through that period and brought me out of it stronger and better.” she said. In April 2012, the model married Linus Idahosa in Paris, France, at a private wedding ceremony, and they did not have their first child until October 2015. There is no doubt that Stephanie Okereke has made so much fame and gained so much recognition over the years through her hardwork and talent. She has, therefore, remained a great sensation in the Nigerian film industry. Source By Anita Eboigbe Abuja -  Nollywood actress and producer Stephanie Okereke-Linus has announced the return of her reality TV show ‘Make Me Fabulous’ for the second season on Aug. 12. The multi award winning producer of ‘Dry’ shared the news on return of the couple themed show on her Instagram… July 25, 2018 In "Entertainment" Stephanie Okereke-Linus is one of Nigeria's best Nollywood actresses, what with her talented ways of interpreting roles given to her. In fact, she stands out as one of the few actresses who gives their best when it comes to acting in Nigerian movies that many had predicted that she would… July 10, 2014 In "Style" Abuja -  Nollywood Actress, Stephanie Okereke-Linus has signed an agreement with ARC Entertainment based in Nebraska, for the distribution of her film ‘Dry’ in the United State of America. A statement from Okereke-Linus obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Abuja said the film ``is a response to… January 13, 2016 In "Style"