Canberra  – Australia’s national science agency has opened the country’s first accredited face mask testing facility to help in the fight against COVID-19. Larry Marshall, the Chief Executive of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), said this while launching the facility on Thursday. Marshall said it would deliver rapid results on testing for surgical face masks and fast-track the delivery of masks to frontline healthcare workers. For the first time Australian face mask manufacturers will not have to send masks and materials overseas to be tested, saving time and money. “It’s inspiring to see Australian science enabling Australian businesses to supply life-saving surgical face masks to protect our frontline health care workers – yet another way science is tackling the COVID-19 pandemic. “This new facility will give Aussie businesses another solution from science to stop the spread of COVID-19 and save lives. “Science is guiding us through COVID-19, and science will help us grow on the other side. “There’s not much Aussie innovation can’t solve, whether it’s finding the right vaccine or creating Australia’s first National Association of Testing Authorities (NATA) accredited face mask testing facility,” Marshall said. The Australian government in March secured 54 million masks for the National Medical Stockpile, which have steadily been released to state and territory governments for distribution to medical and aged care professionals. Face masks have been made mandatory outside of the home for all Victorians as the state struggles to contain COVID-19 outbreaks and are strongly recommended in New South Wales. As of Thursday, there had been a total of 19,862 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Australia, and the number of new cases in last 24 hours is 483, according to the latest figures from Department of Health. (Xinhua/NAN) By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan -The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), University of Ibadan (UI) chapter, has produced 3,000 pieces of face masks for its members and vulnerable groups to stem further spread of COVID-19 pandemic. The Chairman of the association, Prof. Ayo Akinwole stated this while unveiling the customised… May 10, 2020 In "Education" The Embassy of Israel in Nigeria on Thursday donated 2,000 protective face masks to support Nigerian medical personnel in the ongoing fight against the coronavirus pandemic. Ambassador of Israel to Nigeria, Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan, while delivering the face masks to the Minister of Health, Mr Osagie Ehanire, said the items… May 7, 2020 In "News" Windhoek - The Chinese government on Wednesday handed-over the second batch of medical supplies to aid Namibia combat the COVID-19 epidemic. The donation to Namibia’s Health Ministry, valued at 4.3 million Namibia dollars (260,000 dollars), included 5,000 disposable medical protective clothing, 15,000 face masks for medical use and 150,000 surgical… July 15, 2020 In "Foreign"