Lionel Messi has been named as the richest player in world football – edging his long-standing rival Cristiano Ronaldo in the rankings. France Football have compiled a list of the top 10 best-paid players in 2019, which predictably saw two of the game’s greatest-ever players sit first and second. Messi made a staggering £120million last year, £11m more than Ronaldo who enjoyed his first full campaign at Juventus. The pairs were also the only players to surpass the £100m mark. The figures are made up of wages, bonuses, endorsements, commercial revenue and other streams. Following on from the top two, the gap starts to widen. PSG superstar Neymar collected £87m for his efforts last year while Real Madrid outcast Gareth Bale received £35.45m in what has been a dramatic fall from grace during his career at the Bernabeu. Bale narrowly pips Antoine Griezmann to fourth, with the Frenchman earning £200,000 less than the former Tottenham winger. Meanwhile, Ronaldo has been ‘offered to Barcelona’ to set up Messi link-up. According to Spanish football expert Guillem Balague, Ronaldo’s agent Jorge Mendes has been touting his client to other clubs amid interest from PSG, with Barcelona also among those contacted. The Nation Former Spain international, Marcelino believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi, arguing that the Real Madrid superstar is "the most complete player in the history of football". Ronaldo bagged his third hat-trick in four Liga games - a record-equalling 22nd in the Spanish top flight - in his club's… October 6, 2014 In "Sports" Madrid -  Ballon d’Or winner Luka Modric has criticised Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi for choosing not to attend this month’s ceremony where he was given the award. He said their decision was unfair to fellow players and voters. Croatian captain Modric broke Messi and Ronaldo’s decade-long stranglehold on the… December 15, 2018 In "Sports" By Iain Rogers MADRID - Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo hit his quickest hat-trick on the way to netting his first five-goal haul in a 9-1 drubbing of Granada on Sunday but there was no change at the top of La Liga as leaders Barcelona edged a 1-0 win at… April 6, 2015 In "Sports"