Washington  -U.S. first lady Melania Trump, on Tuesday said she was set for a starring role on the second night of the Republican National Convention.Trump and the other speakers are expected to pursue the previous day’s main themes, defending President Donald Trump and lambasting the rival Democrats.The first lady is set to deliver the evening’s marquee address from the Rose Garden at the White House, stoking criticism of Trump for using federal property for his campaign.Her speech at the 2016 Republican convention was marred by accusations of plagiarism over lines that appeared to have been lifted from 2008 remarks by former first lady Michelle Obama.U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also plans to address the convention on Tuesday.His decision to speak has come under fire, since Pompeo is delivering address during an official visit to Middle East as top U.S. diplomat, and senior cabinet members stay away from partisan events while on job.Two of Trump’s children are also in the line-up for the evening, which is themed “land of opportunity.”Meanwhile, the president himself is due to appear at each night of the convention, which will culminate in his acceptance speech on Thursday.After being officially re-nominated for president on Monday, Trump made an unscheduled appearance at the convention which kicked-off in North Carolina. The move was in contrast to the Democratic National Convention, which was conducted largely online.Trump is trailing Biden in national polls and in key battleground states. It will be crucial for the Republicans to make a case that only they can rebuild the economy and handle the coronavirus. (dpa/NAN) By Gordana Katana BANJA LUKA  - A Bosnian Serb factory on Monday presented two pairs of shoes as a gift for the wife of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, Slovenian-born Melania, in a gesture of support for Trump's White House campaign. Many Serbs in the Balkans back Trump, ill-disposed… August 29, 2016 In "News" CLEVELAND - Donald Trump's wife Melania, in her first major political speech on Monday, portrayed her husband as a talented, compassionate and unrelenting leader who would unify rather than divide the country if elected to the White House. The Slovenian-born jewellery designer and former model delivered the speech, part of… July 19, 2016 In "News" By Harrison Arubu New York -U.S. Democratic Party has officially nominated former Vice President, Mr Joe Biden, as its candidate for the Nov. 3 presidential election. Joe, whose nomination came on the second day of the party’s virtual National Convention on Tuesday night, will face incumbent President Donald Trump in… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign"