By Segun Giwa Akure –  Ondo State Football Agency (ODSFA) has announced the departure of Sunshine Stars Coach, Kabiru Dogo. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen by the Media Officer of Sunshine Stars, Chris Okunnuwa on Monday in Akure. It said that the ex-gaffer formalised his exit from the club on Monday. Chairman of ODSFA, Tajudeen Akinyemi and Club Director, expressed gratitude to Dogo and wished him well in his future endeavour. “Dogo has done his best for us, sadly we could not fight for our collective dreams till the end on the pitch in the outgone season. We are grateful for his services and time here, nonetheless. “He will be missed as a perfect gentleman with an impeccable character, but you know it is like that in this profession. We wish him all the best in his future adventures,” Akinyemi stated. Dogo on his part also thanked the entire club and people of Ondo State for making his two-year stay pleasant and memorable. “I want to appreciate the entire management of Sunshine Stars, the entire staff that I worked with, the fans and the good people of Ondo State for the love shown me while in charge of the team. “Though I have to move on, honestly I don’t regret a bit of my time in Akure; it was a lovely experience that I cherish and will surely miss. Sunshine Stars is a big team and I pray greater heights for the Club,” Dogo said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Dogo joined Sunshine Stars from Nasarawa United in 2018. (NAN) By Segun Giwa Akure - The Director of Sunshine Stars FC of Akure, Tunde Ogunja, says the Technical Adviser of the team, Kabir Dogo, is contract bound with the club and cannot sign for another club. Ogunja is reacting to speculations that Dogo has signed a contract with his former… January 29, 2020 In "Sports" By Segun Giwa Akure -  The Ondo State Government on Wednesday said former Sunshine Stars FC chief coach Duke Udi remains its employee in spite of his being disengaged from the Akure-based club’s coaching set-up. The state’s Commissioner for Sports and Youth Development,Saka Yusuf-Ogunleye, told newsmen in Akure that Udi… March 14, 2018 In "Sports" AKURE - The Chairman, Ondo State Football Agency (ODSFA), Akin Akinbobola, on Monday commended the performance of Sunshine Stars FC at the just-concluded first round of the Glo Premier League. Akinbobola, who was a former Nigerian Premier League Board member, told newsmen in Akure that the performance of the Akure-based… June 9, 2014 In "Sports"