Following the lock up of the shops of some Nigerians in Ghana, the Ghanaian authorities have explained the actual reason they decided to lock the shops amid an ongoing controversy about the Ghana Investment Promotion Council (GIPC) registration. It was earlier reported that the requirement for GIPC registration is $1 million minimum foreign equity, while registration fee is 31,500 cedis. Reacting to the controversy that has trailed the GIPC registration in an interview with Starr News, Boakye Boateng, the head of communications in the country’s trade ministry said it would be unfair for the Nigerian traders to complain of insensitivity. He further alleged that the traders were pardoned for over a year following the intervention of President Nana Akufo-Addo. Boateng Said; “It cannot be that we’ve been insensitive. If that is what they’re saying, I’ll be disappointed because I’ll rather say they have rather been unfair to us as a regulatory body because we have given them more time than enough to the extent even the Ghanaians thought that the ministry was not on their side or the ministry wasn’t ready to even enforce law. “So, it’s very surprising to me for them to say that we’ve not given them enough time. If you recall as far back as December last year, these shops were locked, the president intervened and we asked that the shops be re-opened because the very law that gives GUTA the right to be the sole traders in our market, that same law requires that a certain group of people are those who can go and do law enforcement and not you, so allow us to do our work. “They complied, the shops were opened. Since then we have given them an opportunity to regularise the document and submit it to us for verification, that has not been done. Now, this exercise started from Abossey-Okai on Monday. Because we have never been to Abossey-Okai for this exercise, when we went there we did not just start locking shops. We went there, we inspected the shops and we gave them notices that in 14-days they should ensure that all their necessary documentations be complete. These people have been served notices for over a year now.” Source By Isaac Aregbesola Abuja -  The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, has summoned the High Commissioner of Ghana to Nigeria, Amb Rashid Bawa, over the continued closure of over 400 Nigerian shops in Ghana. Foreign Affairs Minister Geoffrey Onyeama on Friday said the Ghanaian envoy was invited to give a definitive… November 2, 2018 In "News" By Fortune Abang Abuja - Mr Chukwuemeka Nnaji, President of Nigerian Traders Union in Ghana, on Saturday decried Ghanaian authorities’ closure of shops owned by Nigerians doing business in the country.Nnaji, who made this known in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), urged the Federal Government… August 15, 2020 In "News" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Tuesday sought for inquiry on the alleged closure of more than 600 shops and businesses  belonging to Nigerians by Ghana Union of Traders Association (GUTA) on Dec. 2. The resolution of the Senate to wade into the matter followed a motion sponsored… December 17, 2019 In "News"