Nigerian Air Force jets attached to Operation Thunder Strike have reportedly neutralized several Ansaru terrorists and bandits at their camp in the Kuduru Forest area of Kaduna State. This was achieved during the airstrikes carried out on Thursday on the heels of intelligence reports indicating the convergence of bandits linked to the Ansaru terrorist group led by one Mallam Abba, at the location. Aerial surveillance missions conducted over the area also observed several bandits wielding weapons in the forest. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj. Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this on Saturday in a statement titled, ‘Operation Thunder Strike hits bandits’ camp at Kuduru Forest, Kaduna.’ It read, “Several of the bandits were killed as the attack aircraft strafed the area, while others attempting to escape were mopped-up in follow-on attacks.” A video clip showing the attack captured the terrorists fleeing shortly before the jets bombed the location. Punch Scores of bandits operating in Walawa, Yadi and Kuduru hills in Kaduna State were flushed out from their hideouts by Nigerian Air Force fighter jets. Many of the bandits were killed and their logistics supplies were destroyed in the joint air and ground operation. The Director Public Relations and Information,… March 18, 2020 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Military says the Air Component of Operation Hadarin Daji has neutralised some notable leaders and several members of the criminal group in air strikes in the Zamfara State section of the Kagara Forest. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in… July 10, 2020 In "News" •Terrorists ABUJA (Press Release) - Special Operatives of Operation Puff Adder of the Nigeria Police backed by the Special Forces of the Police Airwing, in a daring offensive operation, stormed one of the largest operational camps of the Ansaru Terror Group (also housing other bandits and kidnappers) located in Kuduru… February 5, 2020 In "News"