Madrid  – Spain on Monday introduced new restrictions in several regions, following a surge in coronavirus cases, the authorities said. Regional President, Quim Torra, announced that Catalonia had banned meetings of more than 10 people. “The situation is not stable anymore, instead the numbers are rising constantly,” Torra said. Catalonia is also to reduce the size of school classes and to make 500,000 Covid-19 tests available in the education sector, although teachers and classrooms are in short supply. Students will go back to school in early September and many employees are expected to return from their summer holidays, stoking fears that the number of cases could increase even further. In the South-Eastern region of Murcia, meetings of more than six people not from same household were banned. Authorities in Madrid, which has been hard hit, have urged everyone to avoid non-essential social contact. In the Balearic island of Mallorca, authorities admitted that a second wave was ongoing, with the virus’ rapid spread hindering contact tracing. Spain has seen a dramatic increase in the number of cases, with more than 3,000 new infections registered daily in the past days. In June, the number of new cases in a 24-hour period had fallen to below 100, but the figure started growing in July. (dpa/NAN) Madrid -  Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez said on Wednesday he would stand firm against what he called “inflammatory” Catalan separatist rhetoric. The Prime Minister said this during a session at Parliament in Madrid, Spain, The declaration represents hardening his stance towards the region and upping the stakes in a… December 12, 2018 In "Foreign" Abuja(SundiataPost) -Police dragged Catalan separatist protesters off highways on Friday as Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez began a cabinet meeting in the regional capital Barcelona. Observers said that the meeting was an attempt at reconciliation. Dozens of protesters, some wearing high-visibility vests, sat on the AP 7 highway, which runs… December 21, 2018 In "Foreign" Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak, in Pozuelo de Alarcon MADRID (Reuters) - Spain's coronavirus death toll rose for the first time in three days on Sunday, as some businesses prepared to reopen under an easing of the country's strict lockdown regime. A total of 619 people died over the past 24… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign"