Former housemate of the ongoing BBNaija show Lilo has warned that Nigerians to be careful of people like Vee. This comes after she realized that Vee who was her closest friend was among those who voted her out of the show. The two were close owing to the closeness between their partners – Eric and Neo – while in the house. She called her fake and Judas. In the now deleted tweet, Lilo warned people and wrote: “beware of people like Vee #fake #judas #lilo”. Last nights eviction show has been a hot topic on social media, and Lilo obviously couldn’t resist jumping on the thread. She made the comments after today’s afternoon diary session where Vee revealed why she voted Lilo out and saved Praise and Eric. See some reactions to the Tweet below; @stimuli88: Erica fans are shouting snake on Lilo’s post as if y’all like Lilo that much.We know its your hatred for Vee that’s leading you there. @supremeLY_1: Vee was closer to Praise and Eric than to Lilo! (that is why she didnt vote them out) that weekLilo said herself that she was closer to Kidd who infact voted her out;but its Vee’s hill she has decided to die on? lmaoooo!!! @Ceecneve: Lilo tweeting Vee is fake when she got out of the house claiming that Eric took advantage of her when we know they were both invested in their affair in the house. Lilo and Vee were “close” cause of Neo and Eric I don’t think I saw them conversing other than relationship @mr_salmanbash: You can be very close to someone and that person is not that close to you. Lilo felt she was close to Vee but unfortunately Vee didn’t feel that way about her. It doesn’t make her a snake. Its what its #BBNaija She went further to retweet this tweet by a fan below: It’s a game Yh, but when someone tells you “I got your back homie”, you expect them to actually have your back. Only for her to be saying shii now, abeg It’s okay for @liloaderogbaa to feel the way she feels. Source Kaisha, Trikytee, Eric and Tochi were the last housemates put up for eviction last Sunday. However, Eric and Tochi were eventually evicted last Sunday night. The reason why Eric and Tochi were evicted is because they got the leaset votes from fans. Recall that Biggie had asked the remaining housemates… August 10, 2020 In "Entertainment" Eric, the Evicted Big Brother Naija housemate has given reasons he didn’t pursue a relationship with Wathoni. Eric who was evicted last Sunday told Ebuka in an interview that their age differences stopped him from having a romantic relationship with her. “I like Wathoni, it’s just the age that stopped… August 13, 2020 In "Entertainment" Ex-Big Brother Naija housemate, Omashola, has offered advice to current housemates, Nengi and Lilo on their stay in BBNaija house. Owing to his experience, Omashola on his Twitter page advised Nengi and Lilo to keep record of their wins during arena games so that their reward won’t be given to… July 26, 2020 In "Entertainment"