Over 100 people have died and more than 4,000 injured in the graphic blast that occurred in Lebanon yesterday. It has been claimed that the huge explosion in Beirut, Lebanon was caused by a welder at work. Close to where the welder was working, there was “highly explosive sodium nitrate” confiscated from a ship by Lebanese authorities and placed in one of the warehouses located near the harbour. The ammonium nitrate – more than 2,750 tons – had been stored in the warehouse for six years. Security sources in the country have claimed the welder sparked the initial fire that in turn ignited the chemicals, causing a blast that has been compared to a “nuclear bomb”. The blast sent seismic shockwaves through the city on Tuesday evening, August 4, destroying buildings and shattering windows. Pray for Beirut  #BeirutBlast pic.twitter.com/NAOWCDlQWb Over 100 people died in the blast and more than 4,000 sustained varying degrees of injuries. Many people are feared to still be trapped under the rubble, including those trapped inside their damaged homes. As at this morning, smoke was still rising from the port, where a towering grain silo was shattered. Toxic gases were been reported in the aftermath along with strange orange clouds, with the US Embassy warning any Americans in Beirut to stay inside. The head of Lebanon’s Red Cross said: “What we are witnessing is a huge catastrophe. There are victims and casualties everywhere.” Ammonium nitrate is mainly used as a fertilizer but has also been linked to terror attacks after being used in homemade bombs. General Security chief Abbas Ibrahim said it had been confiscated years earlier, reportedly from a ship. Lebanese President Michel Aoun has declared a state of emergency for Beirut for two weeks – and vowed the “harshest punishments” for those responsible for causing the explosion. Prime Minister Hassan Diab described the disaster as a “national catastrophe” and added that “those responsible will pay the price”. His wife and daughter were injured in the explosion after it damaged his residence at The Government Palace. More photos below. Source An explosion killed 65 people Saturday as it ripped through a factory in eastern China, state media said, injuring 150 in what appeared to be an industrial accident. The blast in Kunshan, a city in the eastern province of Jiangsu near Shanghai, “has resulted in 65 deaths”, state broadcaster China… August 2, 2014 In "News" The archbishop of Jos in central Nigeria has said more must be done to protect ordinary people, after at least 30 were killed in twin bomb attacks. Archbishop Ben Kwashi told the BBC that most of the victims were poor and defenceless. Thursday's attacks on a crowded market have been… December 12, 2014 In "News" Istanbul - A suicide bombing on Tuesday in the tourist heart of Istanbul left 10 dead, with officials saying the attacker was a man with links to Syria. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] Deputy Prime Minister Numan confirmed that foreigners are among the dead, but did not specify nationalities, rather he only identified… January 12, 2016 In "Foreign"