Cairo  –  The Confederation of African Football (CAF) has abandoned plans to play the semi-final and final matches of the 2019/2020 African Champions League in a single venue. The continental football ruling body has now set a date of Oct. 16 and Oct. 17 for the continental decider. Cameroon had been earmarked to host the final stages of the competition. But, following their withdrawal, CAF confirmed the semi-finals will be played over two legs on a home and away basis, with the final potentially at a neutral venue. Both semi-finals feature Moroccan clubs against Egyptian opposition as Raja Casablanca take on Zamalek, while Wydad Casablanca meet Al Ahly. The first legs of both ties will be played in Morocco on Sept. 25 and Sept. 26, with the return legs in Egypt on Oct. 2 and Oct. 3. Should the two winners be from the same nation then the final will be in that country in mid-October. But, if not, CAF has asked member associations to bid to host the decider at a neutral venue, setting a deadline of Aug. 17 for interested parties. CAF has also confirmed the dates for the African Confederation Cup’s closing stages that will be played in Morocco. Pyramids of Egypt meet Horoya from Guinea in Casablanca on Sept. 22, while on the same day there is an all-Moroccan clash between RS Berkane and Hassania Agadir in Rabat. The final will be staged at the Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium in Rabat on Sept. 27. (Reuters/NAN) By Victor Okoye   Abuja   -      Mike Idoko, the Vice-Chairman, Lobi Stars Football Club, on Friday in Abuja said the club was set to boost the squad depth ahead of the CAF Champions’ League group stage slated for Jan. 19. The Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) side… January 4, 2019 In "Sports" Abuja- The Nigeria Football Association (NFA), has charged the Golden Eaglets to build on the 2-0 victory recorded against host Niger Republic at the ongoing CAF Under-17 Championship. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Eaglets will on Wednesday play Guinea in their second group match. Musa Amadu, Secretary-General… February 17, 2015 In "Sports" The Confederation of African Football Executive Committee on Tuesday announced the postponement of the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. It said the competition will now hold in Cameroon in January 2022. The decision was reached after the committee met via video-conference to discuss the future of competitions and other related… June 30, 2020 In "Sports"