Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has lashed out at a journalist who had asked the source of funding for his recent tours In a trendy video, Fani-Kayode described the journalist as ‘very stupid’. According to CableNG, The ex-minister recently took a tour of some South-South and South-East states. The journalist had during a press conference in Calabar, Cross Rivers State, asked him if he was being bankrolled by any politician or political group – a question that attracted the verbal assault. “I’m saying this live on TV, put that thing down, what kind of stupid question is that? Bankrolling who? Do you know who you are talking to? I will not take any further questions from this man. “Who you do think you are talking to? Go and report yourself to your publisher. I don’t want to take questions from this man, very stupid,” Fani-Kayode said angrily. “I could see from your face before you got here how stupid you are. Don’t ever talk to me like that. I’m not a poor man and will never be, bankroll who? A former minister, a lawyer, don’t ever try that with me again, see me well, don’t ever. You are very rude, it’s not the standard of Daily Trust at all and I will report you to your publisher,” he said. Watch the video below; During my tour of the South and after a long and successful press conference in Calabar, Cross Rivers state, a journalist put up his hand for the last question and said,"Well we do not know who is bankrolling you".This is not a question but an assertion and an insult…1/4 pic.twitter.com/uWImIknjN3 Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has queried silence of the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 election, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, on his silence on the Ruga policy of the Federal Government. The Federal Government had during the week suspended the implementation of the Ruga… July 6, 2019 In "Top Stories" Restructuring: You Have Forgotten Who You Are, Where You Are Coming From – FFK Tells Osinbajo August 4, 2017 In "Top Stories" •Femi Fani-Kayode By Elochukwu Nicholas Ohagi Earlier today, I was not surprised reading once again another bashing of Ndị Igbo on Femi Fani-Kayode's Facebook page. I am not surprised because I have seen and lamented this earlier, but got the bashing of my life from people who after reading insults… April 21, 2020 In "Opinion"