By Segun Giwa Akure  -Plans are underway to inaugurate the Ondo State chapter of the Nigeria Football Fans Club in September, an official said on Monday in Akure. Kingsley Ossai, Chairman of the Ondo state chapter, disclosed this during a courtesy visit to the Executive Committee of the state chapter of Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN). “Being a new body in the state, we have decided to tap from the experience of sports writers to ensure a smooth take-off,’’ Ossai said. He added that the chapter would only register its first 100 members in the first year of existence for a smooth take-off. Wahab Bankole, the state’s Chairman of SWAN, urged the club to always carry sports writers along in all their activities. Bankole commended the brains behind the planned inauguration of the club, with Ondo State being the fourth state in the country to have the club. He praised the chairman of the club, who is also the proprietor of Akure City FC, for always supporting grassroots football in the state. The Nigeria Football Fans Club is led by Kemi Ogunfuwa. (NAN) By Yetunde Fetungase Abeokuta - The Ogun chapter of the Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN) will hold its 2019 SWAN Week  from Sunday to Friday, Feb. 1. Wole Otayemi, Chairman of the 2019 Ogun SWAN Week Committee, disclosed this in a statement in Abeokuta. He said the Ogun SWAN Week which… January 25, 2019 In "Sports" By Segun Giwa Akure -  The Ondo State Government on Wednesday said former Sunshine Stars FC chief coach Duke Udi remains its employee in spite of his being disengaged from the Akure-based club’s coaching set-up. The state’s Commissioner for Sports and Youth Development,Saka Yusuf-Ogunleye, told newsmen in Akure that Udi… March 14, 2018 In "Sports" AKURE - The second edition of Mimiko International Soccer Tournament (MISTON) will hold between Sept. 24 and Oct. 4 in Akure, the organisers, Caring Heart Sports Foundation (CHSF) said on Monday. Mr Akin Akinbobola, Director of the foundation, said in a statement on Monday in Akure that preparations for the… May 5, 2014 In "Sports"