By Muhammad Nasir Bello Sokoto –  Sokoto State House of Assembly on Wednesday amended the state Fiscal Responsibility Law 2019, making a provision for the state government to publish its indebtedness online. The development followed a motion by Alhaji Bello Ambarura (APC- Illela), after the Assembly’s consideration of the House Committee on Finance and Appropriation report presented by its Chairman, Alhaji Malami Mohammed (PDP-Sokoto South II). Mohammed recalled that the state Governor, Aminu Tambuwal submitted the Executive bill, which was referred to the committee for scrutiny and recommendation to the Assembly. “However, the Committee in pursuant of the mandate swung into action and held meetings with the various relevant stakeholders, who recommended for some amendments in respect of the bill,”he said. The Deputy Speaker, Alhaji Abubakar Magaji, who presided over the sitting put the motion into a voice vote and was unanimously accepted by the members. In another development, the Assembly has also amended the Bureau of Public Procurement and Price Intelligence Law, 2013. This also followed a motion moved by Ambarura, the Majority Leader, after the consideration of the Finance and Appropriation Committee report. Meanwhile, the bill for a law to regulate the minimum standard for health care facility, sponsored by Alhaji Faruk Mustapha (PDP- Gudu) has passed second reading at the Assembly. The Assembly has also adopted a motion urging the state government to rehabilitate Illela-Kalmalo-Ruwa Wuri road linking Illela and Tangaza local government areas of the state. (NAN) By Nasir Bello Sokoto - The Sokoto State House of Assembly on Tuesday passed the state’s 2020 Appropriation Bill of N202.4 billion.This followed the adoption of the report of the House Committee on Finance and Appropriation at plenary.Presenting the report, Chairman of the Committee, Alhaji Malami Muhmmad (PDP-Sokoto South II),… December 24, 2019 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bello Sokoto - The Sokoto State House of Assembly (SSHA) on Thursday in Sokoto passed into law a Bill for a law to amend the states appropriation law 2019. The bill provided for a balanced budget and effective resource utilisation by the government. The News Agency of… November 14, 2019 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bello   Sokoto    -     The Sokoto state House of Assembly on Wednesday adopted report of the House Committee on Education on a bill to establish the College of Nursing Sciences in Tambuwal. The Committee Chairman, Aminu Bala, (PDP- Bodinga South), who presented the report at plenary, said… January 9, 2019 In "News"