Lionel Messi has been told he lacks respect and the only condition that will see him leave Barcelona peacefully is if he pays the club £628million to cancel Barcelona contract, Mirror reports. Reports from tycsports.com indicate that the Argentine maestro made his intentions to leave Barca known via a bureaufax message. And according to presidential candidate and ex-director at the Toni Freixa, Messi handled the issue in a very unfortunate way adding that the only option the Argentine has is to pay the club £628million then he can leave. “I am not overly concerned about Messi leaving because everything has an end,” he told Radio Marca. “What is important is that he did it in such an unfortunate way and without respecting the club.”I am surprised and disappointed as a Barcelona man. I am disappointed by what Messi has done. “The contracts are to be fulfilled and what Messi has to do is come with €700m (£628m) and leave.” Former Barca director and current presidential candidate Toni Freixa says he’s not too bothered about Messi’s decision though. “The contracts are to be fulfilled and what Messi has to do is come with €700m (£628m) and leave.”Reported by @MirrorFootball#FCBarcelona #Messi pic.twitter.com/gt7ym63umM— efootball.in (@EfootballI) August 26, 2020 It is understood that the Barcelona legend is ready to activate a clause that would enable him to terminate his contract with the club. But the club claims Messi had until June 10 to terminate the contract and that it is in the hands of the legal services at this point. Messi had one of the most unforgiving seasons of his otherwise glittery career in 2019/2020, in a campaign which was summed up by a humiliating defeat at the hands of Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final. Lionel Messi is reportedly livid after he was told that Samuel Umtiti wants to join Man Utd Ex Manchester United star Gerard Pique reportedly told Messi that Umtiti wants to leave Barcelona star Lionel Messi is said to be currently livid after he was told that Samuel Umtiti is considering… March 3, 2018 In "Sports" Barcelona captain, Lionel Messi, has reportedly told the club on Sunday that he wants to leave Camp Nou this summer, according to Esporte Interativo. Messi is not happy with the lack of dedication from the Barcelona squad and the way the Blaugrana board are running the club. This follows their… August 17, 2020 In "Sports" Barcelona (Spain) - FC Barcelona captain Lionel Messi has called off negotiations over renewing his contract with the club, according to a report by Spanish radio station Cadena Ser on Friday. The report added that the Argentina captain was even ready to leave the Catalans when his current deal expires… July 3, 2020 In "Sports"