By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu  Awka  – Anambra House of Assembly has passed the state legislative funds management bill to ensure accountability, transparency, effectiveness and efficiency in the utilisation of funds. The Assembly passed the bill after the third reading at plenary on Wednesday. The lawmakers took turns to effect some corrections in the 16-clause bill before it was finally passed. The Speaker, Mr Uche Okafor, conducted a voice vote on each of the sections of the bill before the passage. Okafor said: “Having considered the third reading of a Bill for a law to provide for the management of funds of the Anambra State House of Assembly and for related matters 2020, the bill is hereby passed’’. The speaker after passage of the bill, directed the Clerk of the Assembly, Mr Pius Udo, to forward a clean copy of the bill to Gov. Willie Obiano for his assent. According to the bill, all moneys due to the House of Assembly for capital and recurrent expenditure shall be paid by the Accountant-General into the Assembly’s account in monthly instalments, in accordance with provisions of the 1999 Constitution as amended. It also stated that the account of the Assembly shall be audited annually by the auditors appointed from the list of auditors, in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Auditor-General of the state. “The administration of the Assembly shall ensure the management of funds accruing to the state House of Assembly from the consolidated revenue fund of the state to ensure accountability, transparency, effectiveness and efficiency in the utilisation of funds,’’ it stated. (NAN) By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu Awka - The Anambra House of Assembly has passed a bill to regulate the financial management of the state to ensure all revenue, expenditures, assets and liabilities of government are managed efficiently to meet current and future challenges. The assembly passed the bill after third reading on… March 4, 2020 In "Politics" By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu Awka - The Anambra State House of Assembly has passed a bill to enforce measures initiated to prevent the spread and eradicate Coronavirus (COVID-19) and other dangerous infectious diseases in the state. The Assembly passed the bill during an emergency plenary on Friday, with strict observation of… April 17, 2020 In "News" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - The Ogun House of Assembly on Thursday acknowledged receipt of a bill for a law to establish Security Network Agency, code named “Amotekun Corps’’ from Gov. Dapo Abiodun. Mr Olakunle Oluomo, the Speaker of the House, read the governor’s letter during plenary in Abeokuta. Oluomo… February 13, 2020 In "Politics"