BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica’s attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the first to show interest, Laycon persistently drew close to Erica and recently told her how he feels about her. However, Erica has now set the records straight with him. While having a discussion last night, she informed him that she is mentally attracted to him but physically attracted to Kiddwaya. When Laycon asked if she is attracted to him, she replied: “I’m mentally attracted to you and physically attracted to Kiddwaya”. She asked that they remain just friends, but Laycon said he feels awkward whenever he sees her with Kiddwaya. Meanwhile in another conversation with Prince and TrickyTee last night, Laycon said he finds it irritating and disrespectful whenever Kiddwaya kisses Erica in his presence. Watch The Videos Below; I’m mentally attracted to you and physically attracted to #kiddwaya – #Erica  . . . . #bbnaija #bbnaijareunion #bbnaija2020 #bbnaojalockdowngist #pepperdemreunion #bbnaijaupdates #bbnaijalockdown #bbnaijahotgist2020 A post shared by  Big Brother Naija™ (@bbnaija_lockdowngist) on Aug 4, 2020 at 3:30pm PDT Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Dorathy shocked viewers by revealing that controversial former senator, Dino Melaye is her celebrity crush. It was Kiddwaya who made the revelation about Dorathy's crush during Thursday night arena games. Biggie had asked housemates to answer questions about each other. While revealing that Dino is… July 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Fans of Big Brother Najia Lockdown show were left stunned after catching, Erica and Kiddwaya having sex while other housemates were sound asleep. It all started with an intense make-out session under the sheet which left Erica moaning loudly. Earlier the day, the pair were first seen on the couch… August 3, 2020 In "Entertainment"