Bayo Odusami, the former manager to defunct music duo, P-Square, popularly known as Howie-T is dead. According to reports, he died on Saturday, August 8, 2020 after battling with Stroke for about four years. He was an entertainer to reckon with from his days as a full time disc jockey, rocking fun-lovers at Enter the dragon (western house, Lagos), Sunrise nite club (Victoria island, Lagos), Club Towers (Victoria island, Lagos). to when he became general manager at Ibinabo Fiberesima’s Pyramid nite club. He was very popular for managing the now-defunct music duo, P-Square. Confirming the sad incident, Peter Okoye, one half of the P-Square brothers wrote about Howie-T on Instagram. “There are certain people in life that your story or journey is incomplete without, Howie T is one of such people. I honestly believed you’d pull through this time and I’m thankful I got to spend some time with you recently, reliving some of the early days and talking about what the future holds. Thank you Howie for believing and being there for us. Thank you for your tremendous contribution to my career and the Nigerian entertainment industry. My family and I, our thoughts and prayers are with Tunrayo and the girls at this very difficult time. Good night big man.” he wrote There are certain people in life that your story or journey is incomplete without, Howie T is one of such people.  I honestly believed you’d pull through this time and I’m thankful I got to spend some time with you recently, reliving some of the early days and talking about what the future holds.  Thank you Howie for believing and being there for us. Thank you for your tremendous contribution to my career and the Nigerian entertainment industry. My family and I, our thoughts and prayers are with Tunrayo and the girls at this very difficult time.  Good night big man. A post shared by  Mr P (@peterpsquare) on Aug 8, 2020 at 1:09pm PDT Source  Skales, one of Nigeria's biggest artistes, has announced an opportunity to give one lucky fan or a group with 10,000 US dollars! The star artiste announced the competition at a world press conference in Lagos, Nigeria where the rave of the moment also announced that he has signed under renowned… July 28, 2014 In "Style" Lago- Some U.S., South African and Nigerian entertainers partied into the early hours of Monday during the Corporate Elite Nite at the Eko Hotel and Suites on Victoria Island, Lagos State. Stars such as Freddie Jackson, Cameo, Mario, Ice Prince, Dru Hill, Shina Peters, Praiz, Sound Sultan and Micasa from… November 24, 2014 In "Entertainment" Abuja -   Fans of the P-Square duo, the popular Nigerian R&B group, on Tuesday in Abuja expressed disappointment towards moves by the awards winning identical twin brother to path ways. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] The reactions of the fans was sequel to the recent release of solo by P-Square-Peter Okoye on… March 16, 2016 In "Entertainment"