Four Chinese workers abducted from a quarry site in Cross Rivers state have been freed, police said Sunday. Unknown gunmen seized the Chinese nationals in Akpabuyo in Cross Rivers state last month and killed their police guard. “We were able to secure the release of the Chinese nationals in Akpabuyo at about 1700 hours on Saturday,” state police spokeswoman Irene Ugbo told AFP. Ugbo could not say if the ransom was paid. READ ALSO: Police arrest 11 suspected cultists during initiation in Calabar “They are currently receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospital and no arrest has been made yet,” she said. “I am not also aware of any payment of ransom for their release,” she added. Chinese firms are working in Nigeria on multi-billion dollar infrastructure projects that include railways, airports, and roads. Their workers have been repeatedly targeted by kidnap gangs. Kidnapping for ransom is common in Nigeria, especially in the oil-rich south. The victims are usually released after a ransom is paid although police rarely confirm if money changed hands Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Cross River Police Command has confirmed the kidnap of the state Chairman of Nigeria Labour Congress, Ben Ukpepi at his residence in Akpabuyo local government area of the state. The State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Irene Ugbo, disclosed this in an interview with News… December 18, 2019 In "News" The Police Command in Cross River has assured residents of Akpabuyo and Bakassi Local Governments of adequate safety as they go about their lawful businesses. The command’s spokesman, ASP Irene Ugbo, gave the assurance in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday . Ugbo described as… July 12, 2016 In "Metro" CALABAR  - Gunmen in southern Nigeria have killed a local driver and kidnapped as many as seven people, at least three of whom are Australian citizens and one an Australian resident, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Thursday. There was some initial confusion over the number of victims and… June 23, 2016 In "News"