By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)   Nasarawa State House of Assembly has suspended the Executive Chairman of Nasarawa Local Government Council, Alhaji Mohammed Sani Ottos over insubordination. The House also suspended the Deputy Chairman, Karu Local Government council, Lawal Yakubu Karshi for the same act. Speaker of the Assembly, Ibrahim Balarabe Abdullahi announced this after Chairman, House Committee on Local Government, Barrister Mohammed Alkali moved a motion on the insubordination activities of the affected council officials during the House emergency sitting in Lafia Monday. The Speaker said for the chairman of Nasarawa LGC and Deputy Chairman, Karu Local government council to abandon their official duties to attend the court case of the former Secretary to the Government of the state (SSG), Alhaji Aliyu Tijani Ahmed is disservice and act of insubordination. “The Chairman of Nasarawa Local Government Council is hereby suspended pending the investigation on his act of insubordination. “The Deputy Chairman of Nasarawa Local Government is hereby directed to take over the affairs of the council on acting capacity with immediate effect. “The Deputy Chairman, Karu Local Government Council should also proceed on suspension “And the Commissioner of Police is hereby directed to provide adequate security cover to the acting Chairman of Nasarawa Local government Council as the investigation lasts, ” he added. The Speaker expressed dismay on how the Nasarawa Council boss abandoned his people on the eve of election to attend court case that does not concern government instead of being on ground to assist the security agents in ensuring peaceful Nasarawa Central constituency bye election. According to him, The Chairman is paying more allegiance to the former SSG than this institution and the government which is uncalled for. The motion for the suspension of the chairman was moved by Hon Mohammed Alkali and seconded by Hon Daniel Ogazi. The Speaker also set up a seven man committee to investigate the two affected local government officials. “Members of the committee are Dr. Peter Akwe to serve as Chairman of the committee, Barrister Mohammed Alkali is the Deputy Chairman of the committee while other members of the committee are Hon Mohammed Omadefu, Hon Mohammed Agah Muluku, Hon Aliyu Dogara, Hon Danladi Jatau while the Deputy Clerk of the House Ibrahim Musa is the Secretary of the Committee. The Speaker gave the committee three months to work and submit its report. Lafia - The Nasarawa State House of Assembly on Wednesday recalled the suspended Clerk of the House, Mr.Ego MaiKeffi and directed him to resume duty immediately. The Speaker of the house, Alhaji.Ibrahim Balarabe, gave theduring the house plenary in Lafia, after announcing the receipt of a letter of apology from… August 26, 2015 In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - The Nasarawa State House of Assembly says it will resolve the crisis rocking the leadership of the Nigeria Union of Local Government Employees(NULGE) in the interest of peace and development of the state. Alhaji Mohammed Alkali, the Chairman of the Committee on Local Government… September 12, 2019 In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - Nasarawa State House of Assembly Committee on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs has decried the stagnant monthly salary of Local Government in the state in spite of retirement, death and changing of jobs. Alhaji Mohammed Alkali, the Chairman of the committee said this on… July 1, 2020 In "News"