By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The patrol team of the Department of State Security (DSS) was attacked in Enugu state on Sunday by members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), according to DSS spokesman, Peter Afunanya. Afunanya, in a statement, added that the Service lost two of its officials “in what was clearly an unprovoked violent attack”. The group, which is calling for the secession of the South-East region from Nigeria, has been proscribed by the Federal Government. The Service theregore condoled with families of the departed officers and also prayed for the repose of their souls. The DSS added that, all measures have been put in place to ensure that their killers and everyone involved in this dastardly act are promptly apprehended and brought to justice. Consequently, a full scale investigation will be carried out with regard to the incident. The Service used the opportunity to reaffirms its commitment to assiduously work with other security agencies to maintain public safety and order. The Security agency urged law abiding citizens and residents to go about their normal businesses without fear.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The leader of Nigeria’s secret police team that invaded the Federal High Court in Abuja to re-arrest a journalist, Omoyele Sowore, apologised to the judge whose courtroom was invaded, Sowore’s lawyer Femi Falana said on Sunday. Falana in a statement said the State… December 9, 2019 In "Top Stories" Abuja   -      The Department of State Services (DSS) has arrested a suspected Boko Haram and kidnappers medic, Yusuf Salisu, aka Bala at Sabon Birni village, Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The Public Relations Officer of the service, Mr Peter Afunanya, said in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday… November 21, 2018 In "News" Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has said he felt like abandoning the struggle for Biafra after revisiting the incident that claimed the lives of some of his members last Sunday in Emene, Enugu State, Sun News reports. Kanu in a letter to his… August 27, 2020 In "News"