Paris  – The opening match of Ligue 1 for the new season has been postponed from Aug. 21 after Olympique de Marseille said they had confirmed four cases of COVID-19, French professional soccer’s governing body, the LFP said on Tuesday. “In view of medical results passed on by Olympique Marseille, the LFP has decided to postpone the Olympique de Marseille/AS Saint-Etienne game to Sept. 16 or Sept. 17,” the LFP said in statement. The game was the only fixture set for Aug. 21, with the rest of Ligue 1’s first round of 2020/21 matches spread out over Aug. 22 and Aug. 23. The LFP told clubs last week it had set up a “COVID committee” to advise on whether to postpone matches. When a club reports more than three coronavirus cases postponement is likely, based on the “COVID protocol” the LFP sent out to the clubs. Among the “Big Five” European soccer nations, France was the only one to end its season prematurely due to the pandemic, with Paris St Germain awarded the Ligue 1 title. The Parisian club and Olympique Lyonnais have reached the semi-finals of the reformatted Champions League, the first time that two French teams will compete at that level. Olympique Marseille is France’s only winner of the biggest prize in European football. Almost 40 players from 11 Ligue 1 clubs out of 20 have tested positive for COVID-19, including some at Saint-Etienne. Spain’s Mediapro, which holds the rights to air top Ligue 1 matches for the 2020/2021 to 2023/2024 seasons, agreed in early June with TF1, France’s biggest private TV operator, to form a new channel to air top Ligue 1 league matches in the country. (Reuters/NAN) By Georgina Bode Paris - The French League (LFP) will take out a state guaranteed loan to pay clubs in its top two tiers. The loan was money they would have received from television broadcasts, if the season had not been abandoned due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it said on… May 4, 2020 In "Sports" •Pape Diouf Being the only black president of a top-tier European club was "a painful observation", Pape Diouf once remarked. Anne-Christine Poujoulat, AFP Former Marseille president Pape Diouf has died aged 68 after contracting the new coronavirus, the football club and a family source said on Tuesday. Diouf, who was… April 1, 2020 In "News" Former Marseille president Pape Diouf has died aged 68 after contracting coronavirus, the club have announced, according to BBC. The Senegalese was president between 2005 and 2009 when Marseille finished second in Ligue 1 twice and reached two French Cup finals. They went on to win a first French league… April 1, 2020 In "Sports"