ABUJA (SundiataPost) – Nigeria’s online deals marketplace, Dealboku, has released a set of frequently asked questions (FAQs) in response to inquiries by customers. The FAQs released by the project consultant, Hannah Atomode, reads:Question: How do I register as a customer?Answer: Kindly log into www.dealboku.com, click on sign in or join to register.Question: What do I need to do to register as a vendor?Answer: After you have logged in as a customer, you click on start selling and fill in your business details after which you start listing your goods.Question: What qualifies me to be a vendor?Answer: You must have quality products and good & services for sale and your must be ready to give a discounted price.Question: What is the coverage of your products delivery?Answer: We only cover FCT Abuja for now.Question: How long does it takes to get goods delivered?Answer: Delivery takes maximum of 48 hours.Question: How early can I enjoy the service purchased on Dealboku?Answer: You can go for the services immediately but ensure you make a reservation with the vendors.Question: Why do I see different prices for the same product and services?Answer: Dealboku is your trusted online marketplace that accommodates Nigerian entrepreneurs and we have many sellers competing for business. Therefore, you may see the same product and services offered by different sellers for different prices.Question: All the items in my order arrived as single package?Answer: If your order consists of items from more than one seller, your items will arrive separately. If your order consists of items from a single seller, your items may arrive together or separately. If your orders arrive separately, be rest assured that the remaining item(s) will be delivered shortly.Question: Can I buy more than one deal?Answer: You can buy as many deals as you desire.Question: How do you ensure that low quality of goods and services are not sold to customers?Answer: Quality control is built into our operations. Our team works very hard to ensure that high quality products and services are supplied and rendered as the case may be. In the case of services, proper checks are carried out at the merchant’s location to ensure that the business environment is neat and conducive to meet Dealboku standard.In the case of products uploads are done by our team and product images are checked to confirm that they are the same products to be sold.Question: Are the prices of goods and services really dismounted?Answer: Dealboku is set aside to bring across to you discounted deals so what we do is to bargain for you and bring down the price. You will still get same quality at lower price. By Peter Liu Considering you will start from scratch, and looking for quick results, I propose the following online business to actually start to earn a living and you will see significant results after half a year! Firstly, before I go into details How to do it, let’s bring forward… May 12, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds" Dealboku is an easy-to-use online marketplace. The process of registration is very simple. Kindly log on to https://dealboku.com/ and click on *Join* icon. It takes you to a registration page. You click on *register* , fill in all your credentials. A notification email will be sent to your email address… July 13, 2020 In "Technology" By Adeniyi Ogunfowoke Creating or starting a business is a huge commitment. It's not an uncertain path, and often features details you may never have considered. To make sure you have covered all your bases before kicking off your business adventure, Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency, shares some… July 28, 2017 In "Business"