By Akeem Abas Ibadan –  A socio-cultural group, Ogbomoso Community Foundation (OCF), has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for naming Omi-Adio train station after the late Premier of Western Region, Chief Ladoke Akintola. Retired Maj.-Gen. Oladayo Popoola, a leader of the group, gave the commendation on Wednesday in Ibadan. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that Popoola was a former military governor of Old Oyo State. NAN recalls that the president had recently named the railway stations in the country after some prominent Nigerians who had contributed to the development of the country. Among them were Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, former President Goodluck Jonathan, late Chief Obafemi Awolowo, late Chief Ladoke Akintola and late Lagos State governor, Brig-Gen. Mobolaji Johnson Popoola said that the honour bestowed on Akintola and other eminent Nigerians was in order, adding it was well deserved. “This is really a deserving honour considering the contributions of late Akintola to the development of the Western Region when he was Premier. “On behalf of the Ogbomoso community, I thank President Buhari for this honour. ” This has clearly showed that the contribution of people like late Akintola has not been forgotten,” he said. The former governor commended the president for his commitment to infrastructural rejuvenation. According to him, government ‘s giant strides reflected in the administration’s commitment to linking all the major towns and cities with modern train services. Also speaking, Alhaji Kelani Sanni, the OCF Chairman, described the honour done Akintola as a good gesture and a testimonial to the legacy projects of the former premier. “Naming the Omi Adio railway station is a recognition of the work of dedication to the common good which was the hallmark of the administration of late Akintola as premier. “History has been unfair to him considering the giant strides made by him at the time. We thank President Buhari for this gesture,” he said.(NAN) Ogbomoso (Oyo State) - Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State has described the late Premier of Western Region, Chief Ladoke Akintola, as a statesman, accomplished politician and administrator par excellence during his lifetime. The governor spoke at a memorial lecture held to mark the 50th remembrance anniversary of the late politician. The… January 15, 2016 In "News" Abuja - The Abuja-based chapter of Egbe Ogbomoso Ajisegiri, a socio-cultural group, has urged Sunday Dare, the Minister of Youths and Sports Development, not to relent in carving a niche for himself. The group pointed out that it was noteworthy that the Minister has hit the ground running in his… November 23, 2019 In "Sports" Ogbomoso (Oyo State)  -  A former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Tuesday in Ogbomoso said that he benefitted most from late IGP Sunday Adewusi. Alao-Akala spoke at a programme, ``A Day of Tribute,’’ organised by the Ogbomoso Community Foundation (OCF) in honour of the late Adewusi. ``The principle… April 6, 2016 In "Top Stories"