Madrid  -Rodrigo Moreno has turned into Spain’s leading striker after a career from the youth academies of Flamengo and Real Madrid to become a star at Valencia after spells at Benfica and Bolton Wanderers. The Brazilian-born Spain international could be set to be Leeds United’s marquee signing ahead of their return to the Premier League after a 16-year absence. Spanish media reported on Tuesday that Leeds owner Andrea Radrizzani and sporting director, Victor Orta have travelled to Valencia to negotiate a deal for Rodrigo, 29, valued at around 40 million euros. Leeds did not respond to a request to comment on the reports. Should he join Leeds, Rodrigo would be the latest high-profile departure from Valencia after captain Dani Parejo and Francis Coquelin left for rival Villarreal this month. Rodrigo is well versed in English football after making 17 Premier League appearances with Bolton while on loan from Benfica in the 2010/11 season. “England was good to me. You go to England, you know the physical demands you’ve got no choice but to adapt and that makes you grow,” he told The Guardian in 2018. “Working there daily helped. I was involved, it was my first senior season and I learned a lot,“he said. A wide player who attacks down the right wing, Rodrigo can link the forward line and is particularly effective on the counterattack. His qualities have made him the favoured forward of Spain coach Luis Enrique and predecessor Robert Moreno. The forward has repaid their faith by scoring six goals in his last nine starts for his country. He scored only seven goals in all competitions last season amid injuries and turmoil at Valencia, who sacked popular manager Marcelino in September and eventually finished ninth. His best season in front of goal came in 2017/18 when he scored 16 times in La Liga. He scored decisive goals against Ajax Amsterdam and Chelsea FC in 2019 as Valencia reached the knockout stages of the Champions League and netted in the 2-1 win over Barcelona in the 2019 Copa del Rey final. (Reuters/NAN) Valencia coach, Nuno Espirito Santo believes an expected takeover by Singaporean billionaire, Peter Lim can bring the glory days back to the club after years of financial problems. The protracted deal, which has been under negotiation since before January, has still not been signed and sealed. It should however now… August 20, 2014 In "Sports" By Richard Martin BARCELONA  - Lionel Messi squeezed home a stoppage-time penalty to grab a thrilling 3-2 win for champions Barcelona in a controversial La Liga match at Valencia on Saturday. Talisman Messi scored against Valencia for the 10th season in a row to put the visitors ahead in the… October 23, 2016 In "Sports" By Brian Homewood MONACO  - Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho is to meet one of his former clubs in the Champions League group stages while Paris St Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic will take on Malmo, the club where the Swede began his career. Premier League winners Chelsea were drawn in Group… August 28, 2015 In "Sports"