Air Peace has announced the sack of over 70 pilots cutting across its fleet types as a result of the negative impact of COVID-19 pandemic. The airline said the decision became painful, but rightful in the face of the devastating effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations and financial health, a report by The Nation revealed. It said the job cuts for pilots among it over 3000 workers became imperative because it could not afford to toe the path of being unable to continue to fulfill its financial obligation to its workers, external vendors, aviation agencies, aircraft maintenance organisations, insurance companies, banks and other creditors if it did not carry out restructuring of its entire operations to survive the times. In a statement, the airline said it took the decision realising that such move was critical to sustain its operations and survive the times. The airline said it realised that it was not immune from the challenges thrown up by the COVID -19 pandemic for the global transport industry as it had to act fast by protecting existing jobs with the hope of creating new ones in the future. The statement read: “The management of Air Peace wishes to state that it has taken a very painful but rightful decision, in the circumstances the airline has found itself as a result of the devastating effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations and financial health, to terminate the employment of some of its pilots. “This decision was taken for the greater good of the company and its almost 3000 workforce, the affected pilots inclusive. The airline cannot afford to toe the path of being unable to continue to fulfil its financial obligations…” Source Air Peace has sacked over 70 pilots across its fleet types as the negative impact of COVID-19 pandemic continues to take a huge toll on its operations. The airline said it had to take the “painful but rightful” decision in the face of the devastating effects of the COVID-19 pandemic… August 3, 2020 In "News" As the airline industry across the world continues to take a beating following the suspension of most local and international flights, Nigeria’s largest commercial airline, Arik Air, on Thursday informed staff it would cut the salaries of its employees by a whopping 80 per cent, PREMIUM TIMES reports. In an… April 24, 2020 In "News" Major airports in the country will begin operations in the next few days after weeks of inactivity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. The airports are the Murtala Mohammed Airport, Ikeja; Nnamdi Azikiwe Airport, Abuja; Aminu Kano Arport, Kano and the Port Harcourt Airport, Choba, Rivers State. The Federal Government… May 29, 2020 In "News"