Dorathy, one of the Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housematea on Tuesday night shared the bed with Laycon. This is the first time both housemates will spend the night on the same bed. In a video making the rounds on social media, Dorathy was seen touching Laycon’s hair and asked him not to leave when he made attempt to. This has stirred reactions from BBNaija viewers wondering what both housemates may have been up to last night. Accoridng to some opinions on Twitter, Dorathy has ‘Konji’, reason she slept on same bed with Laycon. Laycon has been rejected by his love interest Erica and has since been trying to move on. This could be a way of him trying to move on and get closer to other female housemates. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Tosyn777 “ Dora should not disvirgin my Laycon that doesn’t know anything oh.” @Timispicy “I like this tho! I don’t mind oh! For laycon and Dorathy! I think they are good together tho! E be things! @Aduke “ Just seeing this, what does Dorathy want ke ? Dorathy abeg no let devil use you oh.” @MarkOche3 “After 6 weeks, konji things is real.” @Maryayor “ My two favorites. Go for it girl. That’s if Laycon is interested.” OlisaOsega “Dorathy and Laycon are beginning to get too close. They now even share the same bed. Another ship loading? Or was it just because of yesterday’s task brought them together?Anyways, both of them might reach the final, so I’m here for it all.” @AbiAmek “Laycon please make sure Dorathy doesn’t touch your Penis Because she will fall for you and I don’t want to lose you please, seeing her touching your hair to put you to sleep.” @DelElegance “I feel for Dorathy. She needs a man in that house.” @Santripples “ Konji na bastard. Pele Dorathy.” @Ph_obidon “ This one na pure act of konji.” @SeyiAdejugbagbe “ Could this mean Laycon is getting Dorathy’s attention. “ @Ruchelopaz “ Laycon slept on Dora’s bed. She must have needed it because even after Laycon was fast asleep, she kept on playing with his hair as she also tried to fall asleep.” @Jajabae13 “ Dorathy flirted with Brighto and Laycon slept on her bed and at around 2am I saw her hands aggressively going through Laycon’s dada while Laycon was fast asleep or pretending to be sleeping,I am the only on seeing Dora’s desperation to booed up these days?@MrEbeano1 “ Konji na bast*rd oh, Dorothy in the mood.” @Tobisimeon “ Wetin wan they occur between Laycon and Dora o.” @Oy_simeon “ OMG!! BBnaija just gets interesting day by day lol.” Watch the vido below: I think #Dora is playing with fire #Laycon is not the smiling type. Don't wake a sleeping lion #Doraviral #LayconDorathy #BBNaijaLocdown2020 #BBNajia #BBNaijia2020 pic.twitter.com/TB5BRmunYu Source Praise, the Evicted Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, has revealed five housemates likely to be in the finals. Praise was evicted on Sunday after Kiddwaya saved Wathoni over him. During his media rounds on Tuesday, Praise predicted who he thinks will be in the top five final housemates. According to… August 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" There is no doubt at all that the Big Brother Nigeria show (BBNaija) is a game of numbers and to emerge winner of the competition you need more fans and supporters to help pull votes. According to google search trends and also based on viewers’ perception so far, it has… August 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Erica, has lashed out at Laycon following the drama of yesterday. Recall that Laycon and Erica were close before she chose Kiddwaya over him. Erica who says she's mentally attracted to Laycon is not happy that he talks about him at different times and locations… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment"