Now in its fifth season, Big Brother Naija is a TV juggernaut that shows no sign of slowing down. Interest in the show remains as high online as it is in general, but which contestants are dominating when it comes to online searches and do different regions have their own favourites? Overall, in the season five tagged #BBNaijaLockDown, Laycon, Nengi, and Erica have generated the most search interest, followed by Ka3na, Dorathy, and Kiddwaya. Already a hot commodity on the Nigerian music scene, Laycon’s appearance on Big Brother Naija has increased interest in his musical output, with “laycon songs” the second most-searched term related to his name (after “Laycon” itself). The next most popular Laycon-related term is “laycon bbnaija biography”, variations of which appear on all the contestants’ top searches. One of the notable top searches when it comes to 22-year-old entrepreneur Nengi, meanwhile is “nengi and ozo”, following the pair’s on-screen romance. Similarly, the chemistry between 26-year-old actress and model Erica and self-employed Kiddwaya saw “kiddwaya and erica” emerge as one of her top search terms. And while Laycon may have generated the most search traffic overall, Erica saw the biggest search spike. Given that Kiddwaya spiked at the same time, it’s likely that their ‘entanglement’ sparked this interest. Source Popular Nigerian Pastor, Prince Dickson has predicted Olamilekan Laycon Agbeleshe as the winner of the BBNaija season 5. The pastor, who is the General Overseer of SRI Pastor Wealthy Nations Ministry Abuja, made the prediction on Wednesday 22nd July 2020 via his social media handle that Laycon will be winner… July 28, 2020 In "News" Mercy and Tacha are the most searched for Big Brother Naija 2019 housemates, Google revealed on Wednesday. Mike, Ike and Seyi follow the two ladies on the search engine. Google West Africa Regional Communication and Public Relations Manager, Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, said that while the housemates struggle for the grand prize… August 29, 2019 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, has revealed the kind of man she would like to settle down with. Erica disclosed that she wants a man with the kind of mind Laycon has and the body build of her love interest, Kiddwaya. The 26-year-old BBNaija housemate disclosed this during… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment"