By Aminu Garko Minna  – The Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment has shut down seven fuel stations in different part of Niger state due to faulty meter pumps used by petroleum marketers. Alhaji Ibrahim Isa, Assistant Director, Department of Weight and Measures told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Minna. Isa disclosed this shortly after inspecting some petrol filling stations in Minna, Chanchaga, Bosso, Bida, Suleja and Gurara Local Government Areas. He said that the shut stations would be prosecuted to serve as a lesson. “Pinnacle filling station Minna road Suleja, Mohammmed Lalo filling station Izom, Halidu Gegu filling station Suleja and Nipco Round about Suleja. Others are Mobil Oil & Gas station, Madalla, Enyo Petroleum station along Kaduna road and Enyo Madalla along Rafin Sanyi in Suleja. He said that they were shut down due to their use of faulty meter pumps to dispense petroleum products to customers. ”We have supervised and inspected various facilities of about 100 filling stations and some of the marketers are doing well, while some are cheating buyers. ”We had to shut the 7 filling stations cheating buyers and invite them to our office for questioning. “We will make our findings available to our legal department, who in turn will forward the case before federal high court Minna for prosecution,” he said. He said that the ministry will continue to provide level playing field for commercial activities so as to boost confidence in the market place. Alhaji Labaran Rabiu, Zonal Coordinator North Central, said that the department of Weight and measure would ensure marketers pay all revenues due to the federal government. Rabiu said that the office would continue to monitor filling stations across the zone to ensure strict compliance. ”We will ensure proper collection of revenue from aall filling stations across our areas of supervision and promptly remit to appropriate channel,” he said. (NAN) Abuja- Petroleum marketers in Abuja said on Tuesday that they had sufficient products in stock for consumers in spite of the ongoing strike by oil workers' unions in the country. A cross section of the marketers told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that they had abundant stock and were… December 16, 2014 In "Business" By Aminu Garko   Minna   -      The lingering petrol scarcity continues on Wednesday across Niger State as only one truck was allocated to the state in the past two days. Mr Sunday Senchi, Head of Department of Petroleum Resources operations (DPR) disclosed this in an interview with… December 28, 2017 In "News" ABUJA - The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) said on Wednesday that 167 trucks of petrol were supplied to Abuja on Tuesday following the suspension of strike by oil sector workers on Monday. The Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) and the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior… May 27, 2015 In "Business"