By Peter Okolie Awka –   No fewer than 70 applicants from Anambra East and Anambra West Local Government Areas have so far been screened at the ongoing nationwide police recruitment.News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 3,000 candidates, who applied for the position of Constable from Anambra, are to undergo screening, which commenced on Monday in Awka, the state capital. The Assistant Inspector General of Police in-charge of Zone 13, Danmallam Mohammed, who visited the screening venue on Monday, expressed satisfaction with the turnout and level of compliance with the COVID-19 protocols. Mohammed said: “The Nigerian Police Force has been given the opportunity to recruit additional 10,000 men and women.“This is an excellent effort by the Federal Government to improve security coverage in the country.“We will ensure that we follow due process in recruiting the right candidates into the police force.”Meanwhile, Tuesday is slated for applicants from Orumba North and Orumba South LGAs of the state. (NAN) The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, on Tuesday said the statutory entry requirements into the Nigeria Police Force remain sacrosanct and would be thoroughly followed in the ongoing Police recruitment screening exercise. A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba, in Abuja said IGP’s reassurance became… August 25, 2020 In "News" By Joseph Edeh Abuja -  Nigeria Police Force on Monday says 133,324 applicants shortlisted for recruitment into the force will undergo compulsory psychiatric test. President Muhammadu Buhari recently gave approval for the recruitment of 6,000 police constables to address the nation’s security challenges. The Deputy Inspector-General of Police in charge… May 7, 2018 In "News" ABUJA - The Police Service Commission (PSC) on Thursday said it shortlisted 338,227 applicants out of the 911,438 that applied for recruitment into the Nigeria Police Force. The Chairman of the Commission, Mr Mike Okiro, who disclosed this at a news conference in Abuja, said screening of successful applicants would… June 3, 2016 In "Metro"