By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja  (Sundiata Post) –  African Union and leaders of the continent has been urged to fast track implementation of the high-speed rail to support the implementation of the continental free trade area. The call was made by participants at the webinar on the African High-Speed Railway Project which was held on 29 July, 2020 Moderated by Mr Olawale Rasheed of the African Railway Roundtable, the webinar was organised by the African Union Development Agency-NEPAD (AUDA-NEPAD) and facilitated by the agency’s Project Advisor Louis Napo Gnagbe, with top railway and infrastructure leaders on the continent participating. This was cobtained in a statement signed by Ms Mwanja Ng’anjo, Communication Unit, AUDA-NEPAD made available to Sundiata Post. Mr Raila Odinga, the AU High Representative for Infrastructure Development in Africa who chaired the event challenged the continent to walk the talk, stressing that, “If Europe and North America could transform their railway systems in the time they did, Africa can even do better now.” Mr Odinga noted the many railway developments across Africa said the continent has spent a lot of time on planning and emphasised that now is the time to hit the ground running as the world will not wait any longer. Citing the new free trade area, the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCTA), the AU High Representative said transport logistics and interconnectivity are critical to the success of the project, decrying the very low connectivity among Africans due to poor transport connection. The Director of Infrastructure and Energy at the AU Commission, Mr Cheikh Bedda noted the strategic importance of the high-speed rail to Africa’s development. He informed the meeting participants that the Commission is set to push ahead with the implementation process. While noting the disruption occasional by the COVID-19 pandemic, Mr Bedda said the commission leadership is committed to transforming the pandemic into opportunity, stressing that the commission is open to credible collaboration and partnership to make the project a reality. Among the many recommendations of the webinar was the need to launch implementation of the high-speed project after the design and planning issues have been sorted out. Other takeaways included the need to possibly shorten the implementation timetable; fast tracking of ratification of the Luxembourg protocol for rolling stock acquisition; engagement with African private sector; the need to create African Railway standard; enforcement of localisation to boost job creation, and; the urgent need to explore internal financing through sovereign wealth and pension funds, among others. By Abolade Ogundimu Abuja, - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the transformation of  the New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) into African Union Development Agency- NEPAD (AUDA-NEPAD) in line with African Union (AU) decision for improved service delivery. This was disclosed on Friday in a statement signed by Princess Gloria… May 24, 2019 In "News" ABUJA - President Goodluck Jonathan will depart Abuja on Saturday evening for Dakar, the Senegalese capital, to attend the African Union (AU) Summit on Financing Infrastructure Development billed for June 14 and 15. A statement issued by Dr Reuben Abati, Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, stated… June 14, 2014 In "News" By Okon Okon Abuja - The African Union Development Agency-New Partnership for Africa’s Development (AUDA-NEPAD), has said that it would collaborate with South Korea to enhance economic growth in Nigeria. Ms Gloria Akobundu, National Coordinator, AUDA-NEPAD, in a report entitled:“Good Governance: A Prerequisite for Development”, made available to News Agency… January 9, 2020 In "Foreign"