By Awayi Kuje Lafia –  A First class monarch in Nasarawa State, the Ohimege Opanda, Alh.Usman Abdullahi has lauded President Muhammadu Buhari and Gov. Abdullahi Sule for their relentless efforts in tackling insecurity in the state especially in Toto Local Government Area of the state.Abdullahi, who is the Chairman, Toto Traditional Council of Chiefs, gave the commendation while speaking with newsmen after he paid a thank you visit to Gov. Sule at the Government house, Lafia, on Saturday.The monarch expressed satisfaction with the recent efforts taken by both the national and state governments by deploying military personnel to tackle the security challenges along Toto-Umaisha axis.“Efforts of the president and the governor in deploying military personnel to tackle kidnapping, banditry and other forms of insecurity in my domain and its environ is yielding positive results.“I am in the government house to thank the governor in that direction.“For the past years now, we have been having sleepless nights in Toto local government area due to activities of bandits, kidnappers and other terrorists but God so kind, few days ago, the military was sent to the area.“The road between Toto to Umaisha, Abaji to Koton Karfe among other routes in Toto are now safe and we call for its sustenance,” the monarch said.He lauded the efforts of president Buhari in tackling security challenges in the country just as he appreciated Gov. Abdullahi Sule’s zeal in the fight against security challenges in the state, especially his prompt attention to security issues in Toto.The Ohimege Opanda, restated that the people of Toto local government area would continue to give security operatives the maximum support to flush out bandits, kidnappers and other criminal elements terrorising the area to make it safe for everybody.“I want to advice here that if they have successfully succeeded in flushing them out, government should ensure that the area is secure so that they will not regroup,” he said.Abdullahi also commended the efforts of the military and other security agents as well as the people helping to curb crimes in the area.He called for more efforts, understanding and prayers to completely end the security challenges facing the area.The monarch further urged the people of his domain and Nigerians to continue to live in peace and tolerate one another for development to thrive. (NAN) Olukayode Babalola Nasarawa-Eggon (Lafia) - Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa state has reiterated his administration’s commitment to supporting the federal government and security agencies in the fight against crime and criminality in the state.The governor stated this during the inauguration of the Police Mobile Force Training College, Endehu Hills in… August 13, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -President Muhammadu Buhari has received an update from Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State on political and security developments in the state. Speaking to State House correspondents after a closed door meeting with the president in Abuja on Tuesday, Sule said he briefed the president on… August 18, 2020 In "Politics" By Johnson Eyiangho Otukpo (Benue) - Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue said on Saturday that the state was now relatively peaceful since the deployment of troops in various operations to tackle the menace of armed banditry and suspected killer herdsmen. Ortom, however, pleaded with the military not to leave in… September 22, 2018 In "News"