By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan  – The Oyo State Government says it will give automatic employment to all physically challenged persons who meet the requirements in the ongoing recruitment exercise of the Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM). Mr Ayodele Adekanbi, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Persons Living with Disability, said this on Monday in Ibadan. Adekanbi spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) ahead of the Computer Based Test due to take place on Tuesday at the University of Ibadan. He said the Seyi Makinde administration would continue to be magnanimous to all, especially persons living with disability with a view to bringing succour to them. Adekanbi also said that the state government would organise its own version of N-Power programme to further reduce the rate of unemployment in the state. “When this version of N-Power programme is launched, physically challenged persons would be given a fair share and adequately taken care of. “Those who recently completed their two years N-Power programme under the Federal Government and were not retained can come to my office. “I know that some of them did apply into the current recruitment exercise in Oyo State. “Besides, those of them who only possess vocational skills would be empowered to make a living,” he said. NAN recalls that some physically challenged persons in Ibadan recently appealed to the Federal Government to convert their two-year N-Power service to permanent employment. (NAN) Sokoto -  The Overseer of the Sokoto State Zakkat and Endowment Committee, Alhaji Lawal Maidoki, on Friday disclosed that it had disbursed over N 429.3 million to physically-challenged persons and orphans between June and November, this year. Maidoki, who made the disclosure at a meeting with leaders of people living… December 4, 2015 In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has admonished Persons With Disabilities (PWDs) not to sell their votes in cash or collect any kind of gratification  during the forthcoming general elections. Mr Mutiu Agboke, the Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) in Oyo State, gave the admonition on… January 29, 2019 In "Politics" By Rukayat Adeyemi   Lagos   -     The physically challenged students of the Lagos State University (LASU)have appealed to the state government to give persons living with disability full scholarship at the tertiary level of education. Their representative, Miss Dorcas Yunana, made the appeal on behalf of others on the sidelines… August 29, 2018 In "News"