Huge crowd gathered at the secretariat of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in Akure to join the Ondo State Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi who declared for the party on Friday. Agboola resigned from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in June and joined the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) where he failed to secure the party’s ticket. He left the PDP to pitch tent with the ZLP having been promised the party’s governorship ticket. His name has been submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as the party’s candidate. Agboola told the huge crowd that he is running from one political party to anotherbecause of the people. He said he was in the race to give hope to the hopeless and restore good governance. The Ondo Deputy Governor urged his supporters to get their voter cards as well as defend their votes on Election Day. He assured the supporters that any planned rigging of the October 10 polls would fail. State Chairman of the ZLP, Hon Joseph Akinlaja, charged the people to return to their wards and begin massive mobilisation for the party. He said the ZLP would be victorious at the polls. The Nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi has resigned his membership from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Ajayi’s resignation from the PDP was coming six weeks after he dumped the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. Recall that the deputy governor came second… August 10, 2020 In "Politics" Ondo Deputy Governor, Hon Agboola Ajayi, has stayed away from the state congress of the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP). The Deputy Governor joined the PDP in June but refused to resign from office. He contested the party primary but lost to Eyitayo Jegede. After the loss, Ajayi denied plans to leave… August 4, 2020 In "Politics" The governorship candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, Barr. Eyitayo Jegede is currently under pressure to pick Deputy Governor of the state, Agboola Ajayi, as his running mate, party sources have said. Ajayi, who dumped the ruling All Progressives Congress (PDP) for the PDP last month,… July 23, 2020 In "Politics"