Igbaugba Ehigimetor  Benin  –  The Director of Protocol (DoP) in Edo, Mr Osayande Aisagbon, has been redeployed to the Ministry of Culture and Diaspora Affairs following alleged embarrassment suffered by Gov. Godwin Obaseki during a visit to the Palace of Oba of Benin. Gov. Obaseki visited the Benin monarch on July 25 for royal blessings as part of his reelection campaign, but was unable to present kolanut and gin in line with the palace tradition for the royal blessing. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Obaseki, accompanied by the party’s National Campaign Chairman, Gov. Nyesom Wike, were embarrassed when the monarch asked for the kolanut to offer prayers for the visitors to have a successfully campaign but none could be provided. A source in Government House Benin, who pleaded anonymity, said: “The governor was embarrassed. it’s the responsibility of the protocol department to handle such assignment, so somebody has to take responsibility.” In a memo obtained by NAN correspondent in Benin, the governor ordered for the redeployment of the DoP over the embarrassment. In the same memo, the redeployed DoP was replaced with Mr Mosis Obakpolor, also a staff of the Ministry of Culture and Diaspora Affairs. It would recalled that the campaign train also included Governors Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta; Aminu Tambuwal, Sokoto; Duoye Diri, Bayelsa; Seyi Makinde, Oyo and Bala Muhammed, Bauchi State. Other on the campaign team were, Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi, National Chairman of PDP, Uche Secondus, Chairman of DAAR Communications, Raymond Dokpesi, Chief Tom Ikimi, Sen. Clifford Ordia and Mr Ken Imasuagbon, among others. (NAN) The Benin Monarch, Oba Ewuare ll, has condemned in strong terms, the clash between supporters of APC and PDP last Saturday, that occurred at the gate of the palace. The clash occurred soon after the state Governor, Godwin Obaseki, some PDP governors and the leadership of the party, who came… July 30, 2020 In "Politics" By Louis Odion An epic display of cultural sovereignty, it was. On a certain day in July 2012, the ancient city of Benin literally quaked under the crushing weight of a presidential presence. Muscular presidential bodyguards had displaced the palace sentinels as Goodluck Jonathan led PDP supremos to the royal… May 5, 2016 In "Opinion" By Joy Odigie Benin - Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has urged the people of Esan-West Local Government Area of the state to vote for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming general elections. Obaseki hinged his reasons on the party’s leadership style as people-oriented. He noted that… January 31, 2019 In "Politics"