Popular Nigerian singer and songwriter, Augustine Miles Kelechi, popularly known as Tekno, has taken to social media to lash out at corrupt Nigerian leaders. The singer is obviously not pleased with some Nigerian leaders. Taking to his Twitter page, Tekno laid curses on “leaders stealing from their people.” He Wrote; ”If u a leader in this country stealing from your people and just can’t give back small to the people.. God will make u suffer in ways money can’t fix” See some reactions to his post below; @malfyogu: Lmao everyone here cursing the leaders when most of they themselves steal indirectly daily. Students stealing from parents and relatives, workers scamming their bosses, shop owners hiking prices of items, the list goes on. We are all just hypocrites in this country. @KissableQ: They will all die miserably. Karma doesnt have time limit, when it hits, you MUST feel it. Evil people always think they are winning until its too late. @Sadiksmart7: Politicians and Musicians are on the same level…One is wrecking the people economically while the other is wrecking the people Morally and spiritually”. Source Social media has various uses, and since its advent, individuals, celebrities and other public figures have used the platform to their advantage. While some persons troll people, others make money and even relate with fans through different social apps.Instagram is one application majorly meant for video and picture sharing and… December 20, 2019 In "News" The artiste, in the four-minute video, was seen throwing money suspected to be dollars at the young women.   The Federal Government has promised to bring sanity into the social lives of citizens and stop the debasement of humanity and the pride of Nigerian women by making scapegoats of some persons. The… August 12, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Federal Government has  threatened to use singer, Tekno as a scapegoat for releasing the controversial video which is said to send strong signals of intolerance to ‘nonsense and immorality’. Tekno and the half-naked ladies It was gathered that Tekno came under attack after being spotted in a viral… August 12, 2019 In "Top Stories"