Youths in Northern part of the country have thrown their support for the south to produce the president in 2023. They also rejected arguments by influential nephew of President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Mamman Daura, that competence, and not zoning, should determine the next President. According to TheNation, the youths, under the aegis of the Arewa Youths for Peace and Security (AYPS), said the south should be allowed to produce the next President because it will further unite Nigeria. President of the group, Alhaji Salisu Magaji, who stated this in a statement, on Sunday, argued it will be unfair not to allow the South take another shot at the presidency under the zoning arrangement before it is dropped. The Arewa youths said that while the group’s thought is in sync with Mamman Daura’s belief that it is time to discard zoning the presidency and embrace credibility, merit and qualification to vote the best candidate, it is in the interest of equity, fairness and justice the South should first produce a President before zoning is jettisoned. “Our view is that we support and encourage the zoning of the 2023 presidency to the South. They have a chance to bring a credible and competent candidate to run for 2023 presidency. “Our position is that the North should support the South for the peace, stability and tranquility of the nation,” they reiterated. The youths added: “It is our belief now that if we say the North should continue after President Buhari ends his second tenure it will affect the cohesion as nation and destroy its fabric. “So our candid advice is that the North should step aside to allow a Southerner to succeed Buhari. It is a sacrifice we must encourage. It is a sacrifice we must partake.” They advised those applauding Daura for his postulation of discarding zoning and replacing it with competence to tarry awhile. Source •Atiku Abubakar ABUJA - A broad-based political alliance involving eminent leaders and chieftains of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) across the six geopolitical zones is being put together with a two-pronged agenda, one of which is to neutralise the hold of former Vice President and presidential candidate of the… December 1, 2019 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A group of northern youths under the auspices of the Pan African United Youth Development Network wants the leadership of the All Progressives Congress and the Presidency to allow the south south geopolitical zone produce the Senate President in the 9th Senate in the interest of… March 7, 2019 In "Top Stories" The battle for 2023 presidency is currently leading to division among the Northern leaders over where the presidency should go to despite the insistence of some gladiators that the North must retain power beyond 2023. Saturday Telegraph exclusively gathered that while prominent leaders of the apex Northern group, Arewa Consultative… December 14, 2019 In "News"