A video has shown the moment a mother of two teenage girls tried to prevent the arrest of the pastor who allegedly raped and impregnated her daughters. It was reported that a certain Pastor Nduka Anyanwu, who claims to be a Minister at a Lord’s Chosen Church branch in Oshodi, raped two sisters, aged 13 and 17, over a lengthy period in the name of casting out evil spirits from them. He allegedly began raping the 13-year-old girl when she was 9 and began raping the 17-year-old girl when she was 16. Both girls recently became pregnant and he promised to marry the first one and asked her to keep the child while also allegedly promising to procure an abortion for the younger sister. For promising to marry her daughter, the mother of the girls was filmed protecting her daughters’ alleged rapist when police officers attempted to arrest him for his actions. “Leave him. I said he’s not going,” the mother of the girls said as she placed herself between the pastor and the police officer who was trying to take him to the station. Stop The Abuse Foundation, the NGO that reported the abuse to the police, said the parents of the girls were aware that the pastor has been defiling their daughters so as to cast out an evil mark that brings them badluck. Below is a video of the mother protecting her daughters’ alleged rapist. Moment mum tried to prevent the arrest of a pastor who allegedly raped and impregnated her two teenage daughters and promised to marry one A video has shown the moment a mother of two teenage girls tried to prevent the arrest of the pastor who allegedly raped and impregnated her daughters. Recall that it was reported that a certain Pastor Nduka Anyanwu, who claims to be a Minister at a Lord's Chosen Church branch in Oshodi, raped two sisters, aged 13 and 17, over a lengthy period in the name of casting out evil spirits from them. He allegedly began raping the 13-year-old girl when she was 9 and began raping the 17-year-old girl when she was 16. Both girls recently became pregnant and he promised to marry the first one and asked her to keep the child while also allegedly promising to procure an abortion for the younger sister. For promising to marry her daughter, the mother of the girls was filmed protecting her daughters' alleged rapist when police officers attempted to arrest him for his actions. "Leave him. I said he's not going," the mother of the girls said as she placed herself between the pastor and the police officer who was trying to take him to the station. Stop The Abuse Foundation, the NGO that reported the abuse to the police, said the parents of the girls were aware that the pastor has been defiling their daughters so as to cast out an evil mark that brings them badluck. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Aug 4, 2020 at 11:37pm PDT Source The Akwa Ibom state police command has arrested a 33-year-old Pastor identified as Inimfon Eyo Inyang for keeping eight teenage girls in his "deliverance centre" and allegedly raping one of them who is 15-years-old. Akwa Ibom police commissioner, Imohimi Edgal who paraded the suspect before newsmen on Wednesday June 25,… June 24, 2020 In "Local News" Security operatives are on the trail of a man who impregnated his 13-year-old daughter in Abia.   A father has been barnished from his community after he r*ped and impregnated his 13-year-old daughter who was born out of incest with his cousin many years ago. The father, Ugochukwu Nwonwu, a native of… August 17, 2019 In "Metro" It has been revealed that Edet Okon Asim, Special Adviser on Biodiversity to Governor Benedict Ayade of Cross River State who slumped and died on Tuesday, July 22, 2020 reportedly raped a 15-year-old girl many times. The teenage girl's uterus was reportedly damaged while carrying out a third abortion. Asim… July 30, 2020 In "Politics"