Melbourne (Australia)  – New South Wales (NSW) deputy premier John Barilaro says his state will be willing to act as a temporary host for major sports events such as the Australian Open tennis Grand Slam. Barilaro said on Friday however that this should be if those events cannot be held in neighbouring Victoria due to COVID-19. He said he had written to sports bodies and officials in Victoria offering help to stage the events, which he said held national significance. “Some of these events down in Victoria are national events hosted in Victoria,” Barilaro told 2GB radio in Australia. “It’s important for the economy, important for the Australian psyche when it comes to sport. “Absolutely we should be able to work with Victorians to find ways to make sure these all happen. These events are far too important in this crisis to not have.” Victoria is undergoing a second lockdown and has nearly 8,000 active COVID-19 cases, while NSW has about 800. The Australian Open, which has been held in Melbourne since 1972, is due to start in January. However, Tennis Australia (TA) said organisers had so far not drawn up contingency plans for the tournament to be moved out of Victoria. “Our focus is to get through the next few weeks and our team is in full planning mode to deliver a great Australian Open in Melbourne,” TA Chief Executive Craig Tiley said in a statement emailed to Reuters on Friday. “We obviously have great facilities in Melbourne and the AO is contracted and committed to Melbourne Park.” Melbourne is also home to the Australian Football League’s title-deciding Grand Final, scheduled for October. AFL Chief Executive Gillon McLachlan told reporters the Grand Final, which draws a capacity crowd to the 100,000-seat Melbourne Cricket Ground, was contracted to the stadium. He added it was “not appropriate” to look at alternative venues. The state capital also hosts the Spring Racing Carnival, the country’s biggest horse racing programme, from October to November. Racing Victoria said in a statement it had no intention of relocating marquee races such as the Nov. 3 Melbourne Cup. Victoria’s sports minister did not provide immediate comment. (Reuters/NAN) •A group of police and soldiers patrol the Docklands area of Melbourne on August 2, 2020, after the announcement of new restrictions to curb the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus.   AFP Australia imposed an overnight curfew on its second-biggest city Sunday and banned people from moving more than five kilometres… August 2, 2020 In "Foreign" Canberra - Tougher new measures have been announced in the COVID-19-ravaged Australian city of Melbourne, with retail businesses, shops, pubs, and hotels shut down amid rising coronavirus cases. “All Victorians are required to work from home, except where this is not practicable,” state Premier Daniel Andrews said on Monday. All… August 3, 2020 In "Foreign" Sydney - Australia urged nearly a quarter of a million people to evacuate their homes on Friday and prepared military backup as authorities said the next few hours could be “very, very challenging” even as rain poured down in some parts.Defence personnel stood ready to move to bushfire grounds if… January 10, 2020 In "Foreign"