Bangkok  -Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha on Thursday appealed for unity in a televised address to the nation, amid almost daily student-led anti-government protests since mid-July. Demonstrators are calling for the resignation of Prayuth, who first took power in a 2014 coup, and an end to the military domination of politics. “I am now appealing to every Thai citizen, reaching out to you directly to, please, say no to the politics of hate and division. “Also, say no to the politics that spreads the disease of tribalism of belief versus belief, or young versus old, or rich versus poor. “The future belongs to the young, let the young lead the way and provide the moral leadership to show us all how to take the hard path of collaboration with people who may disagree with us during times of national hardship,” Prayuth said. Prayuth earlier said anti-government student protests could face more legal action, adding that authorities should investigate anyone “behind the protests”. So far, two organisers of the anti-government movement have been arrested on charges of violating emergency coronavirus bans on large gatherings. Human rights lawyer Anon Nampa, 35, and student activist Panupong Jadnok, 23, are now free on bail. Some of the protests have also broken decades-long taboos by calling for reform of the powerful monarchy, which Prayuth said “went too far”. Thailand has strict “lese majeste” laws against insulting or defaming the king, punishable with up to 15 years in prison. Prayuth said the government had been restrained in not taking action against student activists who might have broken unspecified laws on social media. He did not mention the lese majeste laws, but online comments involving the king have been increasingly bold for months. “When they break the law, there are many people out there who are unhappy with the government for doing nothing about this. “The government has been extremely careful,” Prayuth said. (Reuters/NAN) Bangkok - Thailand’s King Maha Vajiralongkorn on Friday opened the country’s first parliament since the military seized power from an elected government in a 2014 coup. Parliament will choose a new prime minister, who will form a cabinet likely in June, but its exact makeup is not yet known after… May 24, 2019 In "Foreign" By Sophie Brown Less than a month after she was crowned Miss Universe Thailand, pageant winner Weluree "Fai" Ditsayabut has relinquished her title under a barrage of criticism for comments she made online against supporters of the country's ousted prime minister. "I felt under pressure. I tried to improve myself… June 10, 2014 In "Foreign" BANGKOK, July 10 (Reuters) - Thailand sought on Friday to defuse international criticism of its decision to deport nearly 100 Uighur Muslims back to China, saying it had rejected a request from Beijing to return all the Uighur migrants held in its detention camps. The deportations have drawn condemnation from… July 10, 2015 In "Foreign"