By Funmilayo Adeyemi ABUJA – The Federal Government has directed the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman Governing Council of the University of Lagos, Dr Wale Babalakin and the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe to recuse themselves from official duties. The Federal Government made the announcement in a statement by Mr Ben Goong, Director, Press and Public Relations, Federal Ministry of Education, in Abuja on Friday. The statement directed the duo to remove themselves from duty pending the outcome of the Special Visitation Panel set up by President Muhammadu Buhari. It would be recalled that Unilag’s Governing Council, headed by Babalakin removed Ogundipe at its meeting in Abuja on Aug. 12, over allegations of infractions and gross misconduct. The council, however, appointed Prof. Theophilus Omololu Soyombo of the Faculty of Social Sciences as the Acting Vice-Chancellor. However, the institution’s Senate and all its workers unions condemned Ogundipe’s removal, saying it flouted the university’s regulations. They all made a vote of confidence on Ogundipe and vowed not to recognise the acting vice-chancellor. Ogundipe has also said he is still the vice chancellor, urging the public to disregard news of his removal. (NAN) •Dr Wale Babalakin, Pro-Chancellor/Chairman, Governing Council, University of Lagos LAGOS (SundiataPost) - Pro - Chancellor and Chairman of the Governing Council of University of Lagos, Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN, has said there is no crisis at the institution. Babalakin spoke on Friday at the Murtala Muhammed Airport terminal two (MMA2),… August 14, 2020 In "Education" ....Alleged that Ogundipe was a Serial Offender....Probably the only VC in Nigeria to allocate security votes to himself Abuja (Sundiata Post) - University of Lagos (UNILAG) Pro Chancellor, Dr. Wale Babalakin, has opened a can of cankerworms in which he accused Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, the ousted Vice Chancellor of the… August 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Dr Wale Babalakin (right), Chairman, University of Lagos Governing Council and Prof Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, suspended Vice Chancellor, University of Lagos Indeed, the Nigerian university system is no stranger to crises.  If it is not fight for university autonomy, underfunding, political interference, lack of respect for agreements, it is some mundane… August 17, 2020 In "Opinion"