Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate, Nengi, expressly told Ozo not to mistake their closeness in the house for a ”relationship”. In her words “I hope I am not giving you the wrong signals” Ozo has always fancied Nengi and has been on her case for a while. During one of his diary sessions, he even mentioned that Nengi has the qualities he is searching for in a woman and that he is really attracted to her. Nengi on her part told Big Brother during one of her diary sessions that she has a boyfriend outside the house who broke up with her because she never disclosed to him that she was going into the Big Brother house until a few days to the show. She said she hopes they reconcile when she leaves the house but if not, she might consider Ozo’s proposal as he is a great guy as well. Both of them have been very close in the house and most of the time always seen together. Well, last night, she set the records straight to him again, telling him not to mistake their closeness for anything. She said she hopes she isn’t leading him on. Ozo on the other hand didn’t look pleased. Watch The Video Below; BBNaija: Ozo looks disappointed as Nengi tells him not to mistake their closeness for ''a relationship'' Last night was very interesting as one of the lockdown housemates, Nengi, expressly told Ozo not to mistake their closeness in the house for a ''relationship'' and that she hopes she hasn't been sending him any wrong signal. Ozo has always fancied Nengi and has been on her case for a while. During one of his diary sessions, he even mentioned that Nengi has the qualities he is searching for in a woman and that he is really attracted to her. Nengi on her part told Big Brother during one of her diary sessions that she has a boyfriend outside the house who broke up with her because she never disclosed to him that she was going into the Big Brother house until when she was about going in. She said she hopes they reconcile when she leaves the house and if to, she might consider Ozo's proposal as he is a great guy as well. Both of them have been very close in the house and most of the time always seen together, eating together, sitting together, and wearing bum shorts together. Well, last night, she set the records straight to him, telling him not to mistake their closeness for anything. She said she hopes she isn't leading him on. Ozo looked disappointed in what she was telling him. Swipe to watch the videos A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Aug 19, 2020 at 11:37pm PDT Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Nengi has expressed fear about Sunday night eviction in few hours. The housemates are all up for eviction except Ozo and Dorathy and their stay in the house will be determined by the housemates tonight. According to the new twist, the housemates will decide who… August 9, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nengi has told Ozo why she can't be with him during a conversation they had after her fight with Lucy shortly after the eviction show on Sunday evening, August 9. The female housemate who expressed her dissatisfaction with the meeting Ozo convened for the remaining housemates to sort out their… August 10, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija Lockdown housemate, Nengi, has said she would have s*x in the reality show if she wants to despite the cameras. According to her, viewers and housemates will always talk so she does not care if she has sex on national television. She said this during a… August 13, 2020 In "Entertainment"