The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Thursday, rejoiced with Nigerian-born Kaycee Madu who was reappointed Minister of Justice and Solicitor General for the Government of Alberta in Canada. Buhari’s congratulatory message was contained in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina. The statement was titled “President Buhari congratulates Nigerian born Kaycee Madu appointed Minister of Justice in Alberta, Canada.” Adesina quoted the President as describing the development as “landmark and historic”. READ ALSO: Adesina re-elected AfDB PresidentThe statement read, “President Muhammadu Buhari rejoices with Nigerian born Kaycee Madu, appointed Minister of Justice and Solicitor General for the Government of Alberta, in Canada. “Madu makes history as the first African born provincial Minister in Canadian history and is also the Provincial Secretary and Keeper of the Great Seal of the Province of Alberta. “President Buhari describes the honour as ‘landmark and historic,’ saying it once again pedestals people of Nigerian descent as go-getters, who distinguish themselves in different walks of life. “The President says as the first Black Justice Minister and Solicitor-General in Canada, Madu has written himself into history books, and urges Nigerians, both at home and abroad, to remain good ambassadors of their country.” Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has congratulated Mr. Kelechi Kaycee Madu,  who has made history by being the first Nigerian to be appointed minister in Canada. In a statement he personally signed and sent to Sundiata Post on Thursday evening, Atiku said: "Today, I celebrate Mr.… May 2, 2019 In "Top Stories" A Nigerian, Mr. Kelechi Kaycee Madu, who was recently declared winner in a keenly contested election as Member of Parliament representing Edmonton South-West in Alberta, Canada, was on Tuesday (April 30) sworn in as the Minister of Municipal Affairs in Alberta Canada.According to a statement released by Titus Alagba on… May 1, 2019 In "Top Stories" Ernest Ezeajughi, First Black Mayor of Brent, United Kingdom It is common to come across Nigerians making waves in the Diaspora in the education, career and business sectors, but not so many of them make a name in politics. In this piece, Nkechi Isaac presents Nigerian-born persons who have achieved… June 7, 2019 In "Features"