Khartoum/Tel Aviv  – A Sudanese government spokesperson has been fired after publicly commenting on a possible peace between his nation and Israel. Haidar Sadik was dismissed as a Foreign Minister spokesperson, according to the nation’s designated foreign minister, Omar Ismail, on Wednesday. He gave no specific reasons for the sacking. Sadik told television channel Sky News Arabic on Tuesday that his country was looking forward to a peace agreement with Israel. He added that there was no reason for ongoing hostilities. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu welcomed the comments. “Israel, Sudan and the entire region will benefit from the peace agreement,” said Netanyahu. However, Sadik seems to have spoken out of turn. Sudan’s Foreign Ministry issued a denial later on Tuesday, saying relations with Israel had not been discussed within the ministry. The spokesperson “was not instructed to make any statements on the matter,” the ministry said. The question remained on Wednesday whether the two countries will be able to overcome years of diplomatic hostilities. Israeli Intelligence Minister Eli Cohen said that he believes the dialogue between Israel and Sudan will eventually lead to a peace agreement. Sudan, located in the Horn of Africa, has, like many other Arabic countries, ceased diplomatic relations with Israel. Since the 2019 ouster of autocrat Omar al-Bashir, Sudan has been trying to improve its relations with the international community, primarily the U.S. Israel has also been increasingly establishing diplomatic relations with Arabic countries, most recently with the United Arab Emirates, and, in 2019, with Chad. (dpa/NAN) Jerusalem- Former Israeli President Shimon Peres, one of the last living founding fathers of Israel, passed away at the age of 93 on Wednesday after suffering a major stroke more than two weeks ago. According to Israeli media, Peres’ body will lie in state at the Knesset (parliament) on Thursday… September 28, 2016 In "News" Paris  -   The French-led peace talks on the Middle East which had been expected by the end of the month, would be delayed to accommodate the schedule of U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry. French President, Francois Hollande, said on Tuesday in Paris that the talks, originally scheduled for… May 18, 2016 In "Foreign" Jerusalem (AFP) - After weeks of coalition wrangling, Benjamin Netanyahu started his fourth term as Israeli premier Friday, but he faces an even tougher task to mend fences with the United States and Europe. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] Soon after its narrow approval by parliament late Thursday, the new rightwing government was… May 15, 2015 In "Foreign"