Madrid  –  Atletico Madrid’s fears of further disruption to their trip to the UEFA Champions League “Final Eight’’ tournament in Lisbon have been eased. This came after the rest of the squad tested negative for COVID-19, following two positives the previous day. The club’s morning training session was postponed due to the positive cases and their plans to travel to Lisbon were put on hold. But the club have now said in a statement they would have one final session before flying out on Tuesday, a day later than planned. The statement revealed that the two players to test positive were forward Angel Correa and injured defender Sime Vrsjalko, who were both asymptomatic. They said the pair would miss the trip and were isolating at home. Atletico Madrid, who are bidding to win the competition for the first time after falling in the 2014 and 2016 finals, face German side RB Leipzig on Thursday in the quarter-finals. They will be hoping to set up a last four meeting with Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) or Atalanta. “The first team squad and coaching staff underwent COVID-19 tests on Sunday and they all came back negative, after two positive tests were registered following the previous tests on Saturday,” said Atletico Madrid’s statement. “In keeping with health protocols, those who share a home with the two players who tested positive also received tests, which came back negative. “The club’s medical services have been authorised by the two players to reveal their identity in order to end speculation.” Atletico Madrid did not register any positive cases for the virus when La Liga re-started in June. This was after a three-month hiatus due to the pandemic, and the top flight was successfully completed without any major incidents. But mass positive tests at Madrid side Fuenlabrada last month threw the finale of the second division season into chaos, while cases across the country have continued to rise. The health ministry last Friday reported 1,895 new cases. (Reuters/NAN) Manchester (UK) - There was barely time for the full inquest into Juventus’ exit from the UEFA Champions League to even begin before the club delivered their own blunt verdict. They sacked their coach, Maurizio Sarri. Not so long ago, there would have been surprise, perhaps even some outrage, at… August 10, 2020 In "Sports" Arsenal will be looking to win in Dortmund for the second season running, while the opening night of the Uefa Champions League group stage also sees Liverpool's return and last season's runners-up Atletico Madrid in action. The opening eight fixtures in Groups A, B, C and D on Tuesday previewed:… September 15, 2014 In "Sports" Abuja - Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp in the Champions League group stage after his new club Manchester City were drawn against his former FC Barcelona team on Thursday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that both sides’ draw is one of the toughest of the… August 26, 2016 In "Sports"