By Ojo Oluwafemi Akure –   The Chairman, Ondo State Independent Electoral Commission (ODIEC), Prof. Yomi Dinakin, says the local council election in the state will hold on Aug. 22. Dinakin gave the assurance while briefing newsmen at the ODIEC office in Akure on Thursday. He said that 10 political parties indicated to participate in the election which would hold in 18 Local Government Areas of the state. According to him, all necessary materials for the election, both sensitive and non-sensitive, have been provided by the commission. He said that non-sensitive materials had been distributed to all the local government areas about a month ago, while the sensitive materials would be distributed by Friday, Aug. 21 The chairman said that the voters’ register for the state had been obtained from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), which would be used for the election. He said that ODIEC had recruited enough ad-hoc officers for the election. Dinakin said: “We have recruited and trained ad-hoc staff that we require for the election. “Security agencies assured us to protect officers and the electorate during the election. “Non-sensitive materials such as ballot boxes and furniture had been distributed to all the 18 local governments. “Ballot papers and forms will be distributed about 38 hours to the election. “We’ve made provision for Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) recommendations including face masks for our staff. We will enforce two-metre social distancing.” NAN Akure -  PDP has swept the chairmanship position in all the 18 Local councils in Ondo State. The results were announced on Sunday in Akure by Prof. Olugbenga Ige, Chairman of the Ondo State Independent Electoral Commission (ODIEC) at a post-election news conference. He said that the PDP won 202… April 24, 2016 In "Politics" Akure  -  The Ondo State Independent Electoral Commission (ODIEC) says no fewer than 14 political parties would participate in the April 23 local government election in the state. The commission’s Chairman, Prof. Olugbenga Ige, stated this in Akure on Thursday at a stakeholders meeting with heads of security agencies in… April 7, 2016 In "Politics" Akure -  Gov. Olusegun Mimiko of Ondo State has promised not to interfere in the state’s local government election slated for April 23. Mimiko made the promise on Tuesday in Akure at a stakeholders meeting, ahead of the poll. The governor who was represented by his Special Adviser on Political… April 19, 2016 In "Politics"