The proprietor of Excel Grace Secondly School Akaajime, Gboko Pastor Emmanuel Apeh has told The Nation that those who kidnapped him regretted their action. Pastor Emmanuel Apeh was abducted by unknown gunmen on Thursday night, August 27, 2020, in his Church premises at about 8 pm, in Akaajime, Gboko, Benue state. He was forced on a motorcycle and taken to an unknown destination. He however regained freedom on Saturday night at about 10 pm where he was dropped along Buruku- Wannune road, near Wannune town, Tarka Local Government Area in Benue state. Speaking in an exclusive interview with The Nation shortly after he regained freedom, Pastor Apeh said his adductors blindfolded and kept him in a thatched house. “I don’t know the location they took me to but they blindfolded me and keep me in a lonely thatch house,” he said He added, “Any time they were leaving the room, they will ask me to open my eyes, but once they are coming they will again ask me to close my eyes.” He stated further that, the kidnappers went through his phone and discovered only #30,000 in the school account and #500 only in his personal account. According to the Gboko school proprietor before he was kidnapped he distributed palliatives to the fewer privileges in Gboko and the kidnappers thought that he was rich and had money in the bank. Pastor Apeh disclosed that the food items he distributed were meant for the students of his school but found out the there was a lot of suffering in the land due to the lockdown occasion by COVID 19 so he decided to distribute the items to the downtrodden in Gboko . “My abductors regretted their action because they found out that I was engaged in charity work and has helped a lot of people and blamed their informants for giving them the wrong information. He said his abductors were educated as they spoke sound English saying they gave him food and he ate because he was on drugs and advised the government to create job opportunities because ” An idle mind is a devil workshop” Pastor Apeh disclosed further after he was released” We met at pastors level and resolved that the gospel of Jesus should be extended to the rural communities so that more soul would be won for Christ and criminality discouraged. On whether he would still continue with his charity work despite his abduction “Pastor answered yes I’m more encouraged to continue to impact positively on the lives of the less privileged in the society more than ever. “We have also prayed for the kidnappers to repent and embrace Christ and attributed his released as the handwork of God.” The Nation •Mrs. Beauty Uguoere Siasia With her eyes swollen in tears, Beauty Uguoere Siasia, the mother of a former Super Eagles skipper and coach, Samson Siasia broke down and cried. “I don’t know why they keep kidnapping me. Only God knows,” the 80-year-old woman sobbed on Sunday as tears dripped down… September 30, 2019 In "Top Stories" A woman who was abducted and subjected to several rounds of gang rape by hooded gunmen has expressed her wish for an opportunity to have more s*x with one of her kidnappers. The woman, a staff of the Makurdi office of a Jos, Plateau State-based public utility company (now privatised),… December 18, 2019 In "Metro" By Moji Eniola Ikeja - A student with special needs (name withheld) on Wednesday cried  in court  on sighting a school proprietor who  allegedly defiled her six years ago. The mild drama occurred at an Ikeja Sexual Offences and Domestic Violence Court, when the defendant, Timothy Onyiriuka,  stood at the… January 15, 2020 In "Metro"