By Oluwaseyi Oduneye-Ogunwomoju Ibadan  –  The Oyo State House of Assembly, on Thursday, confirmed that the name of Dr Lateef Idowu-Oyeleke had been forwarded to it for screening as commissioner nominee.Consequently, it has fixed the screening of the commissioner-nominee for Aug 11.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports Idowu-Oyeleke’s name was forwarded to the Assembly by Gov. Seyi Makinde to replace the late Mr Kehinde Ayoola.NAN also reports that Ayoola, a former Commissioner for Environment, died on May 14 during a brief illness.The Speaker, Adebo Ogundoyin, said that the commissioner-nominee would be screened on Aug. 11, while his curriculum vita would also be checked to authenticate his records and ascertain his competence as a commissioner in the state.Ogundoyin said that the vacant commissionership position needed to be filled with a competent hand so that work could progress in the ministry.The speaker further directed the commissioner-nominee to forward 60 copies of his curriculum vitae to the Assembly before the screening date for proper scrutiny. (NAN) Ilorin  - Gov. Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara has forwarded names of nine additional commissioners-nominee to the state's House of Assembly for screening and approval. The governor's letter to the House was read during the plenary on Tuesday by the Deputy Speaker, Mr Mathew Okedare, who presided over the sitting. The… November 4, 2015 In "News" By Friday Idachaba Lokoja - Kogi House of Assembly on Wednesday approved the appointment of 30 Special Advisers as requested by Gov. Yahaya Bello. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Speaker, Prince Matthew Kolawole read the letter forwarded to the Assembly by the governor seeking its approval for… January 29, 2020 In "News" By Ishaq Zaki Gusau - The Zamfara State House of Assembly on Thursday confirmed the 19 commissioner-nominees earlier sent to it by Gov. Bello Matawalle. The Assembly also confirmed 28 nominees as Special Advisers to theGovernor at a screening exercise during plenary. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the… December 5, 2019 In "News"