There is no doubt at all that the Big Brother Nigeria show (BBNaija) is a game of numbers and to emerge winner of the competition you need more fans and supporters to help pull votes. According to google search trends and also based on viewers’ perception so far, it has revealed that quite a number of housemates; Laycon, Dorathy, Nengi, Ozo, and Erica, have generated the most search interest online among contestants in the ongoing 5th edition of Big Brother Naija lockdown season. However, of all the housemates this year, Laycon’s appearance on Big Brother Naija has increased interest and also created a more huge fan base for celebrities to also show their support for the youngster. Olamilekan Agbeleshe, popularly known as ‘Laycon’, is a 26-year-old singer and rapper from Lagos state. He is a graduate of philosophy from the University of Lagos. Laycon appears to have one of the biggest fan bases, and also, he is indeed lucky to also have many Nigerian celebrities and entertainers rooting for him to win the competition. The likes of Reminisce, Oxlade, Chinko Ekun, iamDo2dtun, Sean Tizzle, Joeboy, Blaqbonez, Ckay, Toyin Lawani, Badboy Timz, Di’Ja, Ice Prince, Daddy Freeze, Denrele Edun, Teni Makanaki, Stephanie Coker, Tunde Ednut, Uti Nwachukwu, Small Doctor, Yul Edochie, Vector, Anita Joseph, Cute Abiola, Oluwaseyi Edun, Funmi Awelewa, Yvonne Jegede, Jide Awobona, Samklef, Odunlade Adekola, and many others are rooting for him through their social media platforms. Since the start of this year’s competition, he has continued to trend on social media more than any other Housemate. He is also the first housemate to get verified on Instagram days after the competition started off. Source Now in its fifth season, Big Brother Naija is a TV juggernaut that shows no sign of slowing down. Interest in the show remains as high online as it is in general, but which contestants are dominating when it comes to online searches and do different regions have their own… August 23, 2020 In "Entertainment" Dorathy, one of the Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housematea on Tuesday night shared the bed with Laycon. This is the first time both housemates will spend the night on the same bed. In a video making the rounds on social media, Dorathy was seen touching Laycon’s hair and asked him… August 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" Praise, the Evicted Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, has revealed five housemates likely to be in the finals. Praise was evicted on Sunday after Kiddwaya saved Wathoni over him. During his media rounds on Tuesday, Praise predicted who he thinks will be in the top five final housemates. According to… August 26, 2020 In "Entertainment"