The Nigerian man whose wife-to-be died some days ago after she was crushed to death by a truck has sent her an emotional message while mourning her demise. He begged her to come back to him while also explaining how she died. He also accused Coldstone Nigeria of causing his woman’s death as they over stressed her with work. He wrote; “My world has been crushed. You left me with no word. This is not the plan. Next month is our wedding. How can you just leave. Your car will arrive next week. Why can’t you wait to enjoy this life with me. Your God couldn’t saved you I have always doubt the existence of God but he couldn’t save you. How can you leave me. Baby I just drop you off. This is not the plan. Ahhh I don’t know if I will survive this pains it’s too much for me. If money could bring you back I Will give up everything. Life was meaningless until you come into my life. How can you go Emife. Come let’s gist ahhhh who did this to me. Where do I even start from. Yesterday August 12th is a day I will never forget. The most precious woman in my life left me. A woman I cherish so much decide to leave me in this world. How can you leave when we have few weeks to our wedding ? How can you leave when your car will arrive next week? How can you leave mr Charles and I. I loved you with everything I have. I promise you everything you have ever wished for I will make sure you have it. Oh Emife you broke my heart into pieces. Wednesday morning when you were about to leave for work I said baby you look so beautiful are you sure you are going to work you laughed and I smiled as well. I decide to take you to bus stop as usual. You even buy me egg rolls for me and my friend. And told me you will come home by 5pm so you can cook Cos you haven’t cook for a while Cos of work. I never knew you were saying goodbye to me I couldn’t notice it Ahh .You are the only woman that has ever cook for me. You brought love and happiness into my life and replace it with this pain. How can you do this to someone you love. Oh Emife you are too good, everyone loved you they cared about you how could you? My mother hasn’t been herself. Every one are going through pains Cos of you. I have been searching for you at home I check all the whole rooms I couldn’t find you. I screamed your name, no answer. How can I survive this wicked world without you? I warned you about Cold stone, they are blood suckers they don’t care about you . All the care is their money. I asked to resigned you said baby wait you will at the right time. Every day cold stone keep stressing your life. I keep telling you don’t let cold stone kill you for me. Oh they finally kill you for me. They achieved their wishes. They made you go through pains until you die. They use you. They have your pictures of you on their Advert yet they won’t pay you. They made you suffer until you die. You complained of mr Dapo every day problem.I hope he’s happy now that you are no more . Baby guess what? Cold stone still continue with work. Someone has already replaced you. What I told you and warned you about has come to reality. Baby how can I recover from this? Source The premises of St. Michael’s and All Angel’s Anglican Church, Ahiaba Okpuala Ngwa-Ukwu in Isiala Ngwa Local Government Area of Abia State was on Saturday December 7, besieged by friends and well-wishers of the Onuohas and Nwaubanis. They included those who came to see things for themselves as Lauretta Onuoha,… December 21, 2019 In "News" The Senior Pastor of Trinity House, Ituah Ighodalo, speaks to MOBOLA SADIQ on the life and times of his late wife, Ibidunni Since the death of your wife, you have displayed a great level of strength. What has been your motivation? It has always been God and a refusal to… August 9, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Founder of Miracle Working God Ministry in Sapele, Delta State, Prophet Patrick Eyaefe, whose wife died from snake bite hours after their wedding, yesterday, narrated how the negligence of a private hospital led to her death. The 44-year-old pastor said they had been together for eight… April 5, 2019 In "News"