Comedienne cum actress, Ada Ebere aka Ada la Pinky, is fuming with anger. Reason: her big boobs have become objects of attraction to men, and even women, who can’t take their eyes off them. According to the Internet queen, her big boobs, which are her unique selling points, are natural even though, some people think she had breast enlargement. “People see my boobs before they see me. Whenever I go out, men and women stare at my boobs before even looking at my face. So, I think my boobs are my unique selling points. I didn’t do breast enlargement, they are all natural. I never liked big boobs. I’d have preferred a portable size but here I am blessed with large ones and I am grateful. “However, I might do butts enlargement to align with my boobs, because I have always been a fan of big booties. I want to have big butts. Also, the sexual harassment I face comes only from ladies,” she told Inside Nollywood. However, Ada bemoaned her pains and discomfort for having large breasts. She said: “I can’t run. I find it difficult to run unless I hold my chest. Another challenge is that I can’t sleep on my chest; it has to be either upright or sideways. It was so painful during my growing up days. I love to sleep on my chest but sadly I couldn’t. It is also very hard to get my bra size in the market. Most times, I buy the biggest size and amend it, especially the hands. Funny enough, I hardly wear bras even when going out. Then, there are some roles you can’t take because you have big boobs. Most times, I feel all the guys that are wooing me are after my boobs. I feel they don’t care to know the real me, but just want to have a feel of my boobs.” Saturday Sun LAGOS - Nollywood actress, Yvonne Jegede, has denied reports alleging that she had undergone breast enlargement surgery. The busty actress revealed that she’s naturally endowed, adding that her breast has always been big. In an interview with Punch, the actress said her brain is her selling point not her breast.… April 10, 2017 In "Entertainment" Curvaceous up and coming actress, Ujunwa Mandy Obi, has revealed to Inside Nollywood her challenges as a green horn in the industry. The Anambra State-born script interpreter has bemoaned that movie producers always harass her for s*x. She narrates: “I started acting in 2016 because I have always loved to… February 22, 2020 In "Entertainment" Eru aya, Oshodi-Oke, maami, ki leleyi?, aunty se n’ tomo lowo ni” (heavily breasted, what’s this?, are you breast feeding?) were the words that assailed the ears of a chubby and light-skinned 30-year-old Wunmi, as she alighted from a commercial bus at the popular Oshodi bus stop in Lagos. The… February 29, 2020 In "Metro"