One person has been reported killed while many others, including final year students of a Junior Secondary School abducted in Kaduna The Nation gathered the incident took place at Damba-Kasaya community in Chikun Local Government Area when gunmen on motorcycles invaded the community on Monday at about 8am. The gunmen, who killed one person and abducted many of the villagers, later stormed Prince Academy to abduct Junior Secondary School (JSS3) students receiving lessons preparatory to their final exams. But Kaduna State Police Command’s spokesman, ASP Muhammad Jalige told The Nation he was going to get details of the incident from DPO in charge of the area. A resident of the community, Wakili Bawa told journalists “the bandits came in large numbers like they always do and were shooting sporadically. “Besides, the bandits also destroyed musical and public address system worth thousands of naira in Aminchi Baptist Church, located in the community. “They abducted many people in the village. Then they went to Prince Academy and abducted many of the students who were receiving lessons for their JSS3 exams. “I cannot say how many people were kidnapped but they went away with many people. “Soldiers who came to their rescue, turned back after some few kilometres, leaving some of the villagers who accompanied them to rescue the victims. “The villagers, not knowing that the soldiers had withdrawn, kept pursuing the bandits in the bush, the bandits fired at them and one person was killed,” Bawa said. The Nation It has been reported that some armed men on Monday attacked a school in Kaduna, killing one person and kidnapping seven students and a teacher, residents said. According to PREMIUM TIMES, the armed men killed a man and abducted seven students and a teacher of Prince Academy, located at Damba-Kasaya… August 26, 2020 In "News" Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have attacked Angwan Alkali, Mararaban Rido area, a suburb of Kaduna metropolis in Chikun Local government area, killing two persons. The hoodlums, who were reported to have invaded the community at about 1:00am on Thursday, also kidnapped a 13-year old girl. The Nation gathered the… February 21, 2020 In "Metro" The gunmen killed one resident and abducted six people from the school. Bandits in Zamfara attacked Government Girls Secondary School, Moriki in Zurmi local government area of the state and kidnapped six people on Wednesday, May 1, 2019. The gunmen abducted two teachers of the school and four women who… May 2, 2019 In "Top Stories"