By Kevin Okunzuwa Benin  -Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has commended the police in the state for arresting the suspects involved in the alleged rape and killing of Miss Uwa Omozuwa, a University of Benin student. The governor, in a statement, commended the Police Command in Edo for following through with the case and working to ensure the suspected killers of the 100 level Microbiology student were arrested. “I applaud the Edo State Police Command under the leadership of Mr Johnson Kokumo, for their steadfastness in ensuring that they trailed those suspected to have murdered Miss Uwa Omozuwa,” he said. The governor noted that the victim had sought the serenity of a church premises to study in preparation for her examination. “While this is the first step in unraveling and bringing those culpable in the dastardly act to justice, we urge the police not to rest on their oars but to ensure diligent and thorough investigation. “We are also confident that the just resolution of the matter would benefit from the Violence Against Persons Prohibition (VAPP) Law that is in force in the state,” the governor stated. Obaseki noted that the police command in the state, under the leadership of the Police Commissioner, Kokumo, had continued to show strength in combating violent crimes in the state. “We commend the police force for the pace of the investigation and for their dedication to duty as this matter is close to our hearts. “The commissioner, who has proven his mettle overtime, also showed operational dexterity during the investigation of the kidnappers at Ogba zoo, in which some police officers were killed in cold blood. “We are confident that there would be a fair denouncement on this matter,” he said. ( NAN) •Vera Omozuwa BENIN - Killers of Vera Omozuwa, the 22-year-old student of microbiology of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), must be hunted down and brought to book, Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, ordered the police in the state, on Sunday. It is coming on the heels of an intensive manhunt… June 1, 2020 In "Metro" •The late Vera Omozuwa BENIN - The recent rape and murder of University of Benin (UNIBEN) student, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, took a new turn on Friday morning, June 5, when the father, Elder Johnson Omozuwa, received threats from an anonymous caller. The grieving father disclosed this later that morning while… June 7, 2020 In "Metro" The Police in Edo have arrested one person suspected to have been part of the gang that raped and killed a 100-level Microbiology student of UNIBEN, Uwaila Vera Omozuwa. Chairperson of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, confirmed the development on her twitter handle @abikedabiri. She hinted the police carried… June 2, 2020 In "News"