Algiers –  Algeria has set Nov. 1 as a date for a referendum on a new constitution aimed at boosting democracy and giving parliament a greater role, the presidency said on Monday, after months-long protests demanding reforms. Elected last December, President Abdelmadjid Tebboune has repeatedly pledged to introduce political and economic reforms and to meet demands raised in demonstrations that toppled veteran President Abdelaziz Bouteflika in April 2019. The new constitution would give the prime minister and parliament more powers to govern the North African country of 45 million people, a draft released earlier this year showed.The government has said the draft, which kept presidential terms limited to two mandates, would be submitted to parliament for debate and approval before a referendum. The referendum date was announced after Tebboune’s meeting with the head of the election authority Mohamed Chorfi earlier on Monday, the presidency said in a statement. Mass protests broke out in February 2019 to reject Bouteflika’s plan to seek a fifth term after 20 years in power, and demand the departure of the old guard as well as the prosecution of people involved in corruption. Several senior officials, including two former prime ministers, several ministers and prominent businessmen, have been jailed since then over corruption charges. The government banned demonstrations in March as part of measures to limit the spread of the novel coronavirus. (Reuters/NAN) ABUJA - As part of his efforts to strengthen national unity and consolidate Nigeria’s democracy, President Goodluck Jonathan inaugurated the National Conference on March 17. The conference, chaired by Justice Idris Kutigi, a former Chief Justice of Nigeria, has 492 delegates and it is expected to articulate and coordinate the… July 24, 2014 In "News" TRIPOLI   -    Libya’s electoral commission has asked the government for $28.7 million, saying that without funding to boost its “zero” budget it cannot make plans to prepare for a vote on a new constitution and later elections. Western powers and the United Nations hope Libya will hold a national… December 6, 2018 In "Foreign" CAIRO - Egypt’s parliament will vote on Tuesday on constitutional amendments including an extension to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi’s current four-year-term, its speaker, Ali Abdelaal, said on Sunday. Proposed constitutional amendments had previously suggested that Sisi would be allowed to seek two new six-year terms after his current one expires… April 15, 2019 In "Foreign"