President Muhmmadu Buhari has charged the All Progressives Congress (APC) to conduct the Edo State governorship election, following all legal and constitutional means to win. The President gave the admonition on Friday while receiving the governorship candidate of the APC, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, at the State House. President Buhari received the governorship candidate at the State House alongside Caretaker Committee Chairman of the APC and Governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni; Chairman of Progressive Governors Forum and Governor of Kebbi State, Abubakar Atiku Bagudu, and APC Campaign Chairman for Edo State elections and Governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje. The President charged the party leaders to avoid the pitfalls that affected the party’s victory in Rivers, Zamfara and Bayelsa States in the 2019 elections, pointing out that with the resolution of the “acute crisis’’ in the party in Edo State, he was optimistic that the party will regain its pride of place in winning elections, and serving the people. President Buhari urged party leaders at the national and state levels to follow the electoral process in an open and transparent manner. The President, in a statement issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, said “What I want is a transparent process so that the confidence of the people will be strengthened.’’ The President congratulated Pastor Ize-Iyamu on his emergence as the party’s candidate in Edo State after a “turbulent process’’, assuring him of full support. Earlier in his remarks, the Chairman of the Caretaker Committee, who presented the candidate, told the President that: “Pastor Ize- Iyamu is a seasoned grassroots politician who is loved by his people’’, noting President Buhari’s blessings on the candidate further validates the party’s confidence. The Chairman of the APC Edo State gubernatorial campaign, Governor Ganduje, said in line with the principles of the party the APC will lead a clean campaign, devoid of acrimony, hatred and violence. Governor Ganduje said the campaign had started on a good and happy note, with the APC already taking over the state legislature with a majority of 17 out of 24. In his response, Pastor Ize-Iyamu assured the President of his commitment to ensuring good governance in the state if elected in September elections, recalling that he served as Deputy Chairman of the Constitution Drafting Committee of the APC at its formation. Pastor Ize-Iyamu said he was glad to return to the APC, describing his initial exit as that of a “prodigal son’’. The APC candidate thanked the President for the warm and fatherly reception, saying he was honoured to receive the party’s flag from the President. Pastor Ize-Iyamu told State House Press Corps that he was fully in charge of his campaign as a popular candidate who served the State as Chief of Staff and Secretary to State Government in previous administrations. He also said former APC Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, had already explained that his initial unfriendly comments during the 2016 campaigns were purely political aimed at giving another candidate an edge in the elections. The Chairman of the Progressive Governors Forum said all the APC governors were fully behind the candidature of Pastor Ize-Iyamu. The Nation By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has endorsed the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the Sept. 19 Edo governorship election, Osagie Ize-Iyamu. The Chairman, Caretaker Committee of the APC and Governor of Yobe, Alhaji Mai Mala Buni, confirmed this when he addressed State House… August 7, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the country awaits formation of President Muhammadu Buhari’s cabinet, which is likely to be intriguing, politicians in the South-South are in a spirited fight for inclusion in the cabinet. Due to the abysmal performance of ministers from the South-South zone in the past cabinet, some… July 14, 2019 In "Politics" •Adams Oshiomhole and Godwin Obaseki I condemn, in the strongest terms, the disqualification of the incumbent Governor of Edo State, by the APC screening committee under the leadership of a Professor, Ayuba Jonathan, over alleged inconsistencies in the Governor’s academic credentials. I am indeed, very disappointed and embarrassed that Professors,… June 18, 2020 In "Politics"