The Aviation Minister, Mallam Hadi Sirika had listed the expectation from passengers as international flights resume soonest. In a report obtained from the ministry’s Twitter account, @fmaviationng on Tuesday, the Minister said a portal will be opened for passengers to pay for another Covid-19 test to be done on arrival. While stating the expectations of the Federal Government from the air passengers ahead of the resumption of international flights on August 29, 2020, Sirika stated that passengers must take a Covid-19 test wherever they are coming from, adding that it should be done very close to departure dates. According to him; “a portal will also be opened for passengers to pay for another Covid-19 test to be done eight days after arrival in Nigeria.” “International passengers will also fill in health questionnaires online, and hand them in at the point of entry, instead of filling the forms on the aircraft or upon arrival. “Non-pharmaceutical measures including physical distancing, wearing of nose masks, washing of hands, and temperature checks will remain in place. Recall that on Monday, the Federal Government had announced the international flight resumption with effect from August 29, 2020.© 2020, https:. All rights reserved., Attribution and link to nigeriamaritime360.com is required if you wish to use any of the articles on this site. Source: nigeriamaritime360.com By Abujah Racheal Abuja - Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, says international flights, suspended by the nation’s aviation authorities as a result of the global outbreak of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic will resume on Aug. 29, 2020. He announced this at Monday’s briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19… August 17, 2020 In "News" •Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika LAGOS - The Federal Government on Saturday said that the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) is 90 percent ready to open up the airways for domestic flights in the country to fly. It said even though it is not 100 percent satisfied with what it’s… June 27, 2020 In "News" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, says passengers on domestic flights are to arrive the airport one hour, 30 minutes more before take-off. Sirika announced this during the Presidential Task Force (PTF) briefing, on COVID-19 on Monday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… July 13, 2020 In "News"