Minsk  – Polling stations for casting ballots in the Belarusian presidential election have opened in most regions of the country for citizens unable to vote during the national election day on Aug. 9, according to a Sputnik correspondent. Early voting will take place from Aug. 4 to Aug. 8. Polling stations will be open from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. (from 07:00 to 11:00 GMT) and from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. The voting is taking place in the presence of at least two members of the precinct election commission at the commission’s office. According to the Belarusian Central Election Commission, more than 6.8 million citizens will be able to vote in the current presidential election, including 5,319 people currently residing abroad. A total of 5,767 polling places have been set up for the vote, including 44 in Belarusian embassies and consulates in 36 foreign countries. However, early voting is not being held in sanatoriums, preventoriums, hospitals, and other health organisations providing medical care in stationary conditions. The presidential election in Belarus is scheduled for Aug. 9. Five people are registered as candidates, including the current head of state, Alexander Lukashenko.The campaigning started on July 14 and will last until Aug. 8. (Sputnik/NAN) LESS than 72 hours to the take-off of the general election, there was a sharp disagreement between the Inspector General of Police, Mr Suleiman Abba and the leadership of the registered political parties over the procedures for voting and announcement of the election results. There was also disagreement over deployment… March 25, 2015 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - YIAGA AFRICA Watching The Vote has urged Nigerians to remain peaceful while awaiting on Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to announce the official results of Saturday’s  Presidential and National Assembly elections. The group also called on political parties and leaders to take appropriate… February 24, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Centre for Democracy and Development (CDD) has commended Nigerians for coming en masse to cast their vote despite the challenges occasioned by shift in election date and logistics problems that characterize the presidential and national Assembly election. The group gave the commendation… February 25, 2019 In "News"