By Ahmed Abba Gashua (Yobe) –   The Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, on Saturday in Gashua, Bade Local Government Area, sponsored the wedding of 100 less-privileged spinsters. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the beneficiaries were drawn from Bade and Jakusko Local Government areas. Lawan, represented by the Speaker, Yobe House of Assembly, Alhaji Ahmed Mirwa, said the gesture was in aid of parents who could not shoulder the financial burden involved. He said the exercise would also discourage social vices such as rape, child abuse, and child abandonment, among others. The senate president promised that 200 other spinsters would benefit from similar exercise in the remaining four local government areas of his constituency, Yobe North Senatorial District. The other four local government areas are Yunusari,Yusufari, Geidam and Bursari. In his remarks, the Emir of Bade, Alhaji Abubakar Suleiman, thanked Lawan for the gesture, saying it would assist the most vulnerable members of the society. He appealed to the couples to live in peace with one another and always try to resolve their matrimonial challenges amicably. Coordinator of the exercise, Alhaji Muhammad Gagiyo, said in addition to the gesture, the senate president also promised to train the grooms on various skills to enable them take care of their families. According to him, the first batch of the exercise involved Bade and Jakusko Local Government areas, and the next batch would include the remaining four Local Government areas of the zone. He further explained that 50 beneficiaries were selected from each of the six local government areas of the senatorial district. (NAN) Gashua (Yobe)   -  Senator representing Yobe North, Ahmad Lawan (APC ), on Saturday, distributed 500 Direct Entry forms to prospective candidates of tertiary institutions in six local government areas of the state. Presenting the forms in Gashua to candidates from his constituency comprising Bade, Nguru, Machina, Karasuwa, Yusufari and Jakusko… May 28, 2016 In "News" Gashua - The Bade Emirate in Yobe on Friday described the withdrawal of Sen. Danjuma Goje from the Senate presidential race as statesmanly, patriotic and loyalty for APC supremacy. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Sen.Ahmad Lawan hails from Yobe. Alhaji Mohammad Gagiyo ‘Zanna Dujima’ and Alhaji Mamman Sulieman… June 7, 2019 In "News" By Mohammed Mamman   Damaturu   -     Senate Leader, Ahmad Lawan, representing Yobe North Senatorial District, has donated 6,200 bags of food items to the less privileged persons in his constituency, in the spirit of the Ramadan. Alhaji Habu Kaku, Executive Officer, Sen. Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan (SAIL) Foundation,… May 21, 2018 In "News"