BBNaija Season 5 Lockdown housemates, Ozo and Prince had a little misunderstanding in the Big Brother lockdown house August 5. Trouble started when Prince stood up during their drama practice and went to the room. The housemates were practicing ahead of their wager presentation holding on Thursday, August 6, and have been working really hard so they do not lose this week’s task as they have lost the previous two given to them by Big Brother. Angry that Prince left the group while they were still practicing, Ozo who is this week’s Head of House, stood up and warned he would not tolerate such character from any housemate. Shouting on top of his voice, Ozo informed Prince he would no longer participate in the drama. When Prince wanted to speak, a visibly angry Ozo responded ” Shut up your mouth” He instructed Prince to apologize to the other housemates for leaving the drama and Prince humbly apologized. Ozo later apologized to Prince for raising his voice. Watch A Clip From The Scene Below; OZO to PRINCE: Someone else will play your part in this drama. You don’t just stand up and leave! Before we continue, you have to apologize to everyone #BBNaija pic.twitter.com/fDGhTIQ5db Source BBNaija Housemate, Dorathy has opened Up on the reason why she thought fellow housemate Ozo, needs her more than she needs him. According to her, the popular housemate always wants her by his side because she helps him to make the right decision. She also said that Ozo has a… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nengi, one of the Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemates, has made clarification on having a shower together with fellow housemate, Ozo. Neo on Tuesday morning told Eric that he saw Nengi in the shower with Ozo. However, Nengi speaking to Prince told him that she was in the shower with… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija lockdown housemate, Kaisha on Tuesday morning, August 4, became the first housemate to receive a strike on the 5th edition of the reality show. The female housemate was also fined for breaking the house rules by waking up late and being locked out from the arena room for the… August 4, 2020 In "Entertainment"