OWERRI – Thugs on Tuesday assaulted pensioners who were at the Imo State Government House in Owerri, the state capital to protest their five months unpaid pension and gratuities. This is the fifth time in less than a month the senior citizens were protesting their non-payment of pensions and gratuities by the governor Hope Uzodinma led administration. Trouble started when thugs clutching canes formed a barricade, stopping the pensioners from approaching the Government House’s main gate. The senior citizens who were resolute in their demands defied the situation which led the flogging by the thugs. While the retirees were shouting and sobbing, a detachment of police operatives led by an assistant commissioner of police, AJ Moses, arrived at the scene. While the cops dispersed the thugs, the police chief started appealing to the pensioners. Our correspondent, who monitored the situation, heard the police chief telling the pensioners to work with the appropriate organs of the government but the pensioners in return told the ACP that they had exhausted all avenues of reconciliation with the government. The pensioners accused the government of being insensitive to their plights. One of the pensioners, Ebenezer Ibekwe, who spoke to journalists said that the thugs were sent by the government. Ibekwe, who mentioned that he retired as a secondary school principal in 2011, said the thugs had poured water on them on their way to the government house in a bid to stop them from embarking on the protest. (The PUNCH) By Emmanuel Antswen Makurdi - Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue, on Friday, met with the protesting pensioners in the state, promising to release the sum of N611million to complete the payment of their April and May 2018 pensions. The governor, who met the aggrieved pensioners at the entrance of the… September 6, 2019 In "News" Chidiebube Okeoma, Owerri No fewer than four pensioners were on Tuesday rushed to an undisclosed hospital as they slumped during a protest march in Owerri, the Imo state capital. The retirees were demanding five months pension arrears. The retirees had blocked roads leading in and out of the state government… July 29, 2020 In "News" By Nicholas Dechi Makurdi - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Chairman in Benue, Mr John Ngbede, has appealed to pensioners in the state to be patient with the Gov. Samuel Ortom-led administration over their outstanding pension and gratuities. Ngbede, who made the appeal at a press conference held on Saturday… September 7, 2019 In "News"