A political association, Igbo for President Solidarity Group, has suggested 11 politicians from the South-Eastern states that are “qualified to be presented as presidential candidates in 2023 general elections”. The president of the association, Dr. Olukayode Oshiariyo, announced the names after the meeting of the congress in Abuja on Friday, observing that time had come for the country to produce a president from among the Igbo. “IPSC has come to the conclusion that in 2023, a man or woman of Igbo extraction will become the president of Nigeria. “IPSC will engage in consultations across the six geo-political zones, visitation to Emirs, Obas, Eze, Obi and chiefs, to discuss and examine the characters and integrity of the eleven persons suggested,’’ he said. Among persons suggested by the group are Dr Ogbonaya Onu, Peter Obi, Dr Chris Ngige, Rochas Okorocha, Dave Umahi, Orji Uzor Kalu, Ike Ekweremadu, and Enyinnaya Abaribe. Others are Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, Ifeanyi Uba, and Kingsley Moghalu. “Since 1999, South-West, North-West and South-South have produced presidents, conventionally, power rotates for equity and justice as implied in the Principles of Federal Character. “Therefore, in 2023, passionate consideration should be accorded the South-East as the only zone in the Southern region that has yet to produce a president,’’ Oshiariyo added NAN Enugu   -  Ahead of the 2019 general elections, three Igbo groups, the World Igbo Youth Congress, WIYC, the Igbo Students’ Association, ISA, and the South-East Women Professionals, SWP, have shortlisted prominent Igbo politicians to run for presidency. The decision came after their extra-ordinary general congress held in Enugu on Friday.… June 16, 2017 In "News" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja -  Movement for the Actualisation of South-East Presidency (MASEP) has called on Nigerians to re-elect President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019 to enjoy more dividends of democracy. Mr Humphrey Onyima, the leader of the group, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… March 8, 2018 In "Politics" Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has been described as the greatest enemy of Igbo people in the last 200 years by the apex Igbo socio-political organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo.. Ohanaeze’s Secretary General, Barr. Uche Okwukwu disclosed this during a recent interview with DAILY POST. He claimed… April 7, 2020 In "News"