A Pastor identified as Joseph Anthony of the Living Faith Church in Njaba has been arrested by the Imo state police command for allegedly raping one Favour Chikanma, the 11-year-old daughter of his fellow pastor, one Pastor Chukwuma Okoronkwo. A statement from the spokesperson of the state police command, SP Orlando Ikeokwu, says that Anthony was arrested on July 13. ”Preliminary investigations revealed that the said Pastor Chukwuma Okoronkwo accommodated Pastor Joseph Anthony in their house and on the day of the incident, the said Pastor Joseph Anthony took advantage of the fact that he was at home alone with the victim and had canal knowledge of her. Investigation is at advanced stage. He will be charged to court accordingly.” the statement read In a related development, the police have also arrested a 38-year-old man identified as Ifeanyi Nwaogu, for allegedly raping a 10-year-old girl, Chisom Ohanyere. According to the police spokesperson, on July 4, Nwaogu was arrested for defiling Chisom. Investigation by the police revealed that the victim was running an errand for her mom when the suspect saw her pretending as if he wanted to send her on an errand and then forcefully dragged her into the bush and allegedly had canal knowledge of her. Ikeowku said investigation has reached an advanced stage and that the suspect will be charged to court soon. Source Uyo - The Police Command in Akwa Ibom says it arrested a community leader, a pastor and three others for alleged defilement and rape in the state. The command Spokesman, CSP Nnudam Fredrick, said in a statement in Uyo, on Tuesday, that the community leader in Ikot Inyang in Ibesikpo… June 16, 2020 In "Metro" The Akwa Ibom state police command has arrested a 33-year-old Pastor identified as Inimfon Eyo Inyang for keeping eight teenage girls in his "deliverance centre" and allegedly raping one of them who is 15-years-old. Akwa Ibom police commissioner, Imohimi Edgal who paraded the suspect before newsmen on Wednesday June 25,… June 24, 2020 In "Local News" Arrest By Kadiri Abdulrahman Abuja - The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), has arrested a 48–year-old pastor in Abuja for alleged rape and sexual exploitation of a 16-year-old orphan. NAPTIP’s Head, Press and Public Relations Unit, Stella Nezan, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday… June 2, 2019 In "Metro"