It is no longer news that BBNaija2020 housemates, Lucy and Nengi engaged each other in a war of words just after the live eviction show on Sunday that saw Eric and Tochi eliminated from the show. The cause of the fight has now been revealed. Tori News gathered that Nengi confronted Lucy for allegedly speaking at her back about her bathroom encounters with some of the male housemates. Nengi also accused Lucy of saying she leads men on in Big Brother House. It was because of this that she confronted Lucy and things went out of hand. At the end, the two were seen calling each other unprintable names. During the exchange, Lucy, while the head of house Ozo tried to calm her down, she shouted at him, saying; ‘Don’t touch me, if you are looking for who to touch go and touch her. She is the one that likes to be touched by men.’ Other housemates joined hands to prevent to prevent Lucy and Nengi from getting physical with the fight. Shortly after the war of words, Ozo called on all the housemates for a meeting to address the fight. Few of the housemates spoke about the issue, cautioning themselves to desist from name-calling and monitoring each other’s activities in the house. Lucy then apologized to Nengi for her weighty statements during the fight, however Nengi made no comment during the meeting. See some videos below; Nengi and Lucy had a confrotation  mad quarrel #bbnaija2020 pic.twitter.com/lnmNXs52gD Source There was serious drama in the Big Brother Naija over the weekend. Two housemates, Nengi and Lucy took things a bit far after the bad blood between the two escalated. Nengi had tackled Lucy for saying she has nothing to offer. It all started when Nengi engaged fellow housemate Ozo… August 3, 2020 In "Entertainment" Ozoemena Chukwu has won this week’s Head-of-House challenge. He is the third housemate, and the first male to win the challenge, after Nengi and Lucy He emerged winner of the games, after beating seventeen other housemates at the arena. With this victory, Ozo is exempted from evictions on Sunday, alongside… August 3, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Nengi has expressed fear about Sunday night eviction in few hours. The housemates are all up for eviction except Ozo and Dorathy and their stay in the house will be determined by the housemates tonight. According to the new twist, the housemates will decide who… August 9, 2020 In "Entertainment"