Tel Aviv –  Israel’s military says it intercepted a rocket launched by Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip into southern Israel late Friday. According to the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF), an alarm sounded in the southern city of Sderot, whereupon the country’s Iron Dome defence intercepted the missile. Israel later responded by targeting Hamas military posts in Gaza with tanks, the Defense Force wrote on Twitter early Saturday. The incident follows weeks of daily incendiary balloon attacks and rockets launched from the Palestinian side of the security fence. After a coronavirus-related lull, Palestinians have stepped up cross-border attacks from Gaza, including what Israel describes as “balloon terrorism” – setting ablaze agricultural fields in southern Israel with incendiary balloons. Israel suspended fuel shipments and closed its border crossings with the Gaza Strip last week in response to the attacks, resulting in the only power plant in the Gaza Strip being shut down for lack of fuel. It also restricted the fishery zone on Gaza’s coast. The Hamas movement, which rules the Gaza Strip, is considered a terrorist organisation by Israel, the United States and the European Union. Israel captured Gaza from Egypt in the 1967 Six-Day War, but unilaterally pulled out its army and evacuated its settlements in the Strip in 2005. Israel, however, continues to control much of Gaza’s borders, with the rest under Egyptian control. (dpa/NAN) Tel Aviv -The Israeli army on Monday said it retaliated against unrest at the border with the Gaza Strip, firing at Hamas facilities in response to incendiary balloon attacks on Sunday. The Israeli Defence Force (IDF), said military posts and underground infrastructure in Gaza belonging to Hamas were hit in… August 24, 2020 In "Foreign" GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP) — An Israeli airstrike killed a militant leader in the Gaza Strip on Monday, just hours ahead of an expected seven-hour truce announced by Israel that was meant to open a "humanitarian window" for aid. However, the Israeli military said the cease-fire, which was to… August 4, 2014 In "Foreign" Palestinian militant organisation Hamas has rejected any extension of the three-day ceasefire in Gaza, which expired on Friday morning. It said that Israel had failed to meet its demands, including the re-opening of Gaza Harbour to shipping. Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel as the ceasefire ended at… August 8, 2014 In "Foreign"