Manchester  –  Manchester City will need to be at their best level to win the games and try to reach the final, midfielder Bernardo Silva has said. Silva said Manchester City’s task in the Champions League has not been made any easier by the exits of Real Madrid and Liverpool as every team is capable of winning. Pep Guardiola’s City eliminated Real in the last 16 while defending champions Liverpool were knocked out by Atletico Madrid. “The fact that Liverpool are out, Real Madrid are out: it’s not going to make our path easier. “All the teams in Lisbon are here because they deserve it. We need to be at our best level to win the games and try to reach the final.” City are firm favourites heading into Saturday’s quarter-final against Olympique Lyonnais but Silva said they would not get complacent. “Anything can happen, Juventus were knocked out by Lyon, we lost against Tottenham Hotspur last year in the quarter-finals,” Silva told the City website. “We have seen lots of surprises. It’s very difficult to predict the results in this competition,“he said. Silva, who was born in Lisbon and began his career at Benfica, said the prospect of lifting the trophy on home soil gave him extra motivation. “Winning this competition has always been a target for the players and the club. It will be very special to win it. For me, even more so because it’s my city,” he added. (Reuters/NAN) Liverpool - Sadio Mane says he is happy at Liverpool and will not let speculation that he is wanted by Real Madrid distract him ahead of Saturday’s Champions League final against Tottenham Hotspur. Real Madrid are looking to strengthen their squad after reappointing Zinedine Zidane as manager. Mane, according to… May 30, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool have agreed a fee of about £66.8m for Roma goalkeeper Alisson. The Premier League club are now expected to hold talks with the Brazil international. The 25-year-old has been at Roma for two years, and played 37 Serie A games last season, after starting his career at Brazilian side… July 18, 2018 In "Sports" The UEFA Champions League 2017-2018 draw has been announced and the competition gets tougher as the 8 groups battle for the coveted title. An assessment of the eight groups in the Champions League following the draw in Monte Carlo Today. GROUP A -  BENFICA, MANCHESTER UNITED, BASEL, CSKA MOSCOW Jose… August 24, 2017 In "Sports"