Chelsea are closing in on a £72 million (€80.5m/$95m) deal for Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz after weeks of negotiations with the Bundesliga side. The 21-year-old, who could cost the Blues a further £18m (€20m/$24m) in team performance-related installments, will take the club’s spending to over £200m ($262m) this summer. Frank Lampard’s latest signing will mark a new club-record, surpassing the £71.6m (€80m/$95m) paid for Kepa Arrizabalaga in 2018. The Blues have already agreed on a five-year contract for the attacking midfielder, who met up with his Germany team-mates on Monday in Stuttgart for international duty. Leverkusen manager Peter Bosz has confirmed he and Kevin Volland, who is expected to join Monaco, is not expected to train with the BayArena outfit again. “Unfortunately, our squad has not yet been determined,” he told reporters on Monday. “I don’t expect Kevin Volland and Kai Havertz to train with us again. It is possible that other players will also change. We definitely need to bring in players.” Leverkusen have already lined up their Havertz replacement by agreeing on a €28m (£25m/$33m) fee for Roma forward Patrick Schick. They beat competition from RB Leipzig, who had the Czech Republic international on loan last season. (Goal) Thiago Silva has completed a move to Chelsea on a one-year deal after passing a medical on Thursday. The Brazilian centre-back, 35, became a free agent following PSG’s Champions League final defeat to Bayern Munich. The Ligue 1 club confirmed the 35-year-old’s exit on Thursday – despite last-ditch efforts by… August 28, 2020 In "Sports" Chelsea have signed England left-back Ben Chilwell from Leicester for a fee in the region of £50m on a five-year deal. Chelsea beat Leicester to a Champions League place on the final day of the 2019/20 Premier League season – pushing the Foxes into the Europa League – and have… August 26, 2020 In "Sports" Munich- Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola is expected to ring the changes for Saturday's Bundesliga trip to Bayer Leverkusen. Guardiola has several injuries and with the Bundesliga title wrapped up last weekend wants to rest some players ahead of Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first leg game at Barcelona. ``The Bundesliga… May 1, 2015 In "Sports"