By Nicholas Obisike Enugu  -Enugu State Government has confirmed a total of 976 cases of COVID-19, with new confirmed seven cases, as total deaths remained 19. The information is in a statement by the Enugu State Ministry of Health, signed by the Commissioner for Heath, Dr Emmanuel Obi on Friday.The statement noted that “as it stand, the state total confirmed case stood at 976, while death toll remain 19. “Out of the 976 total confirmed cases, 307 are still undergoing treatment at different isolation centres in the state.”The commissioner added that 650 patients were discharged after two post-treatment tests, which came out negative.Obi, therefore, urged the citizens to stay at home when it is not absolutely necessary for them to go out.He said “wear a face mask whenever you must go out and keep a safe distance from other people at all times.“Avoid crowded places, practice good respiratory hygiene when coughing or sneezing.“Clean surfaces around you regularly with clean water and wash your hands with soap for 20 seconds under running water as often as possible.“Where facilities for handwashing are unavailable, sanitise your hands as often as possible, using an alcohol-based hand sanitiser.”He said that obeying health expert protocols would ensure self protection and that of others. (NAN) By Maureen Ojinaka Enugu - The Enugu State Government announced the discharge of 13 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number of discharged cases to 63. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof. Ikechukwu Obi, announced this in a statement on Wednesday in Enugu. Obi stated that the health ministry discharged… July 1, 2020 In "Health" The Enugu State Government has announced the discharge of 13 new COVID-19 patients, bringing the total number of discharged cases to 63. The state Commissioner for Health, Ikechukwu Obi, announced this in a statement on Wednesday in Enugu. Obi stated that the health ministry discharged the 13 patients after treatment… July 1, 2020 In "Health" By Maureen Ojinaka Enugu - The Enugu State Government has announced another confirmed case of COVID-19 in the state, bringing the total to nine. The Commissioner for Health, Prof. Ikechukwu Obi, disclosed this in a statement in Enugu. Obi said that the case was a nine-year-old child contact of the… May 8, 2020 In "News"