By: Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri –   Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has approved the appointment of Prof. Isa Marte as his new Chief Of Staff.Malam Isa Gusau, Special Assistant on Media and Strategy to the Governor, made the announcement in a statement on Wednesday.Gusau said that Marte, a serving Commissioner for Higher Education, since August 2019, was to replace Dr Babagana Wakil, who passed on July 1, 2020 in Maiduguri after a protracted illness. “Prof Marte is to handover to Dr Babagana Mustapha Mallumbe, whose new ministry will be Higher Education, Science, Technology and Innovation. Merger of the two ministries is in line with the administration’s public service reforms.“Marte, the incoming chief of staff, is a Professor of Pharmacology with specialty in cancer research and a fFellow of the Nigerian Academy of Science. “Zulum’s choice of Prof. Isa Hussaini Marte is in recognition of his proven capacity, strong passion for development, unbending principles that align with the governor’s, and above all, his proven integrity,” Gusau said.Gusau said that Marte was expected to work efficiently to coordinate all affairs of the Government House to enable the full attainment of governor Zulum’s vision of a better state. The governor’s media aide said Marte would be sworn-in on Monday “as the governor looks forward to working with him at a higher level.” (NAN) By NJADVARA MUSA, Maiduguri The Borno State coronavirus (COVID-19) first index; infected 26 people before he died last month at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH). The infected persons, according to Chairman of the high-powered investigative committee, Prof. Isa Husseini Marte, include 21 health workers, four relations and a… May 24, 2020 In "News" Maiduguri - The Borno Government on Wednesday says it has commenced construction of 1,000 houses in Monguno to resettle persons displaced by Boko Haram insurgency. Malam Isa Gusau, the Special Adviser on Public Relations and Strategy to Gov. Babagana Zulum, said this in a statement in Maiduguri. Gusau said that… February 5, 2020 In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri, - The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Babagana Zullum, has won 13 of the 27 local government areas in Borno, as election result collation in the Saturday governorship election is progressing in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that collation… March 10, 2019 In "Politics"