By Polycarp Auta Zangon-Kataf (Kaduna State) –   The Commander of the Special Task Force, Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), maintaining peace in Plateau and parts of Southern Kaduna and Bauchi states, Maj.-Gen. Chukwuemeka Okonkwo, has urged residents of southern Kaduna to sheath their swords and embrace peace. Okonkwo gave the advice at the Atyap Peace and Reconciliation Summit organised to foster peaceful coexistence among residents of the Chiefdom on Saturday in Zangon Kataf. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Atyap Chiefdom of Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State is one of the worst hit by the recent killings in southern Kaduna. Okonkwo, who said the attacks had ethno religious and criminal dimensions, urged the people to be resolute toward ending the circle of violence. He admonished the people to take practical and collective steps toward achieving lasting peace in their communities. “My impression is that everybody desires peace, but we must take practical steps to stop the circle of killings in our communities. “As a people, we can resolve to stop the criminality; there is no conflict that cannot be resolved. “So, I am sincerely pleading that you should sheath your swords and embrace peace for our benefit and the generation yet unborn,” the commander said. He assured the people that his troops would continue to be diligent and professional in the discharge of their duty, but warned that they would not spare criminal elements. “We will continue to do our work without fear or favour and with the recent reinforcement from the Defence Headquarters, we will stem the tides of insecurity here,” Okonkwo assured. NAN reports that the Summit tagged: “Exploring Ways and Means of Achieving and Sustaining Lasting, Peaceful Coexistence in Atyap Chiefdom” had religious and community leaders, youth groups and some government officials in attendance. (NAN) Security operatives in a bid to curtail attacks and isolated killings in Southern Kaduna have arrested some bandits and criminals suspected to be members of gangs disturbing the area. The Sector Commander of Operation Safe Haven in Kafanchan, Colonel David Nwakonobi told newsmen that eight suspects were arrested at different… August 10, 2020 In "News" No fewer than 22 people have been reported killed in fresh attacks on communities in four villages of Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State by yet to be identified gunmen. The Nation gathered that, the gunmen launched what sources described as coordinated attacks on Apyia’Shyim, A’Piako, Atak’Mawei, and… August 6, 2020 In "News" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, has urged elected officials, traditional and community leaders to counter the false claims on the crisis in Zangon Kataf and Kauru Local Government Areas of the state.A statement by the governor’s media aide, Muyiwa Adekeye, said El-Rufai gave the… July 15, 2020 In "News"