Nollywood Actress, Tonto Dikeh, has praised the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration stating that the government is doing so much for Nigerians. According to the actress, who spoke with NAN, the government has the youths in mind and doing so much for their advancements. She said, “I actually think that the government is doing a lot. Prior to being a member of the CYMS, I didn’t have the knowledge of the fact that the government has so many platforms assigned to youths to be able to get them to the next level. “I didn’t know that because something that is actually, is worse than the pandemic which is actually eating into our society and that is fake news, which is wrong news, which is bad news. “Which is what we have and always have been getting, the news that the government is trying to help the youths or the platform in which they help the youth are not found. “The information just stops half way, and it`s not getting to the people who actually need it. “ The Nollywood actress, however, said that CYMS, being a mobilisation and sensitisation organisation, was working to ensure that youths are enlightened by the organisation so as not to give up on the government`s programmes. According to her, CYMS has many empowerment programmes with different initiatives for the youths. Dikeh was recently appointed, as the Director, Social & Empowerment of Committee of Youth on Mobilization and Sensitization (CYMS). Source By Okon Okon Abuja -The Nigerian Nollywood Actress, Tonto Dikeh, has commended the Federal Government’s efforts in carrying along the nation`s youths by creating different platforms for their development. Dikeh gave the commendation when she featured on the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) forum, to sensitise Nigerian youths to the… August 16, 2020 In "News" Popular Nigerian actress, Tonto Dikeh has explained how her butt surgery boosted her self confidence.  When controversial Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh, a.k.a King Tonto, went under the surgeon’s knife to enhance her butt, she came under heavy criticism for taking such a decision which many described as ‘fake life.’ However, the… August 8, 2019 In "Entertainment" Controversial Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh says she is born again and no man can do nothing to her that God has not said will happen. Tonto Dikeh also said whether there is a positivity or negativity towards her, the main fact is she is on every mouth, tv and platform.… June 27, 2019 In "Entertainment"