By Leonard Okachie Umuahia  –  Sen. Orji Kalu, Chief Whip of the Senate and former Governor of Abia said he would continue to preach about the unity of the nation. Kalu, who said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Umuahia on Tuesday, reiterated his resolve to ensure a stronger nation. “My duty is to continue preaching about the unity of the nation. My duty is to continue pleading with our people about religious tolerance and to continue preaching that Nigeria should be a strong one,” he said. The two-term former governor of Abia said that the All Progressives Congress (APC) would take over the state in 2023. He resolved that he would use his position as the chairman of the party’s caucus to wrestle power from the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state. He said that the party was already doing well under the leadership of Gov Hope Uzodinma in Imo. Kalu said that the party would employ a new strategy to penetrate the remaining South East states in 2023. Kalu, while reacting to his rousing reception in Aba on Monday, during a Requim Mass in honour of his late friend, Chief Anthony Enukeme (Tonimas), said it was because the people believed in his leadership. He said, “Forget about the newspaper propaganda, the people believed in what I had done for them. “They had free education, their pensions, salaries and leave allowances were paid. “The people believe that whoever I will bring will do a better job.” According to him, when you see all those boys that are following me, they know that their future is guaranteed under the leadership of any political party I belong. Kalu, who was being likened to a Biblical Joseph following his recent incarceration said he had simply remained as “Orji Uzor Kalu that is ready to give leadership of justice and fairness.” NAN reports that Kalu had returned to the Senate in June, after spending six months in jail on allegation of corruption. Kalu, who had been serving a 12-year sentence, was released from jail on June 2, 2020, following an order by the Federal High court. He was convicted for embezzling N7.65 billion belonging to the Abia government. The Supreme Court however, ordered a retrial after it nullified his conviction. (NAN) Abuja  -    A former governor of Abia, Dr Orji Kalu, says Nigeria has `gone past quit notice’’ as the various ethnic groups that make up the country have lived harmoniously for many years. Kalu, who was referring to the quit notice issued to Igbo people to leave Northern Nigeria… July 11, 2017 In "News" By Obike Ukoh   Abuja,    -    Dr Orji Kalu, former governor of Abia, it to be conferred with the traditional title of Dan Baiwan (gifted child), by the Emir of Daura, Alhaji Umar Farouk Umar. The monarch in a letter dated Aug. 9, conveyed the decision of the Daura Emirate… August 17, 2018 In "News" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja - Dr Orji Kalu, Senator-elect for Abia North Senatorial District on Wednesday said his visit to Venezuela was a peace initiative of the Orji Kalu Foundation and its partners across the world. A statement made available to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) by Mr Kunle Oyewunmi… May 22, 2019 In "Business"