Khartoum  -The trial of ousted Sudan leader Omar al-Bashir was on Tuesday postponed for the third time. The court case is now scheduled for Sept. 1, Supreme Court judge Essam Ibrahim said in Khartoum. The trial was initially set to start in late July, but has already been postponed twice for reasons including the lack of COVID-19 precautions. Al-Bashir is facing charges of undermining the constitution, violating the Armed Forces Act and rebellion, Al-Moez Hadra, one of a group of lawyers who filed the criminal lawsuit, said. The 76-year-old will stand trial with several co-accused, among them two of al-Bashir’s former vice presidents as well as former ministers and governors. If convicted, al-Bashir, who is already imprisoned for corruption, could face the death sentence. Al-Bashir came to power in 1989 after he led a military coup against democratically elected prime minister Sadek al-Mahdi. He was ousted in April 2019 after months of pro-democracy protests and mass sit-ins. Al-Bashir was convicted in late 2019 on corruption charges. The volatile nation in the Horn of Africa is currently run by a transitional government made up of military and civilians. (dpa/NAN) KHARTOUM - The new head of Sudan’s military council said on Saturday a civilian government would be formed after consultations with the opposition and the transition period would last for a maximum of two years, as protesters kept up pressure for rapid change. In his first televised address, Lieutenant General… April 14, 2019 In "Foreign" KHARTOUM - Sudan’s ousted president Omar Hassan al-Bashir acknowledged receiving millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia, a police detective told a court on Monday at the start of a corruption trial that many Sudanese thought they would never see. Bashir listened to the testimony without comment, sitting in a metal… August 19, 2019 In "Foreign" By Harrison Arubu New York - The International Criminal Court (ICC) on Wednesday pressed for the prosecution of former Sudanese president, Omar al-Bashir, over alleged genocide and crimes against humanity. ICC’s Chief Prosecutor, Ms Fatou Bensouda, renewed the call while addressing members of the United Nations Security Council at the… June 20, 2019 In "Foreign"