….Alleged that Ogundipe was a Serial Offender….Probably the only VC in Nigeria to allocate security votes to himself Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  University of Lagos (UNILAG)  Pro Chancellor, Dr. Wale Babalakin, has opened a can of cankerworms in which he accused Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe, the ousted Vice Chancellor of the university of financial recklessness and forgery. In an engrossing interview on ARISE TV, Babalakin lambasted the embattled don, claiming his tenure as the vice chancellor of UNILAG was fraught with flagrant disregard for the rule of law. According to Babalakin, Ogundipe was once found guilty of forgery but the university community and the institution’s alumni association pleaded with him to let him off the hook. Pointedly, the UNILAG pro chancellor accused Ogundipe of using N49m to renovate his official residence and allegedly gave another N41m to the institution’s bursar to fix his premises. Babalakin explained further, “I’m a lawyer. I’m not given to making loose statements. Whatever I say I must be able to back it up. Prof. Ogundipe was accused of financial recklessness and I can boldly say that you cannot find any action of Ogundipe that followed the proper process. “Prof. Ogundipe spent N49 million renovating his residence which a former vice chancellor who had just left was in excellent shape without mentioning it to anybody. Without even mentioning it, not to talk of approval.” The pro chancellor added, “It was a committee of the university that discovered it. Prof. Ogundipe in a very complicit manner gave N41 million to the bursar to renovate his premises. The bursar’s house can be built from scratch with N41 million. We struggled to have Prof. Ogundipe’s management to give us a proper account.” Babalakin further disclosed that like state governors, Ogundipe had security votes which were not accounted for. •Dr Wale Babalakin, Pro-Chancellor/Chairman, Governing Council, University of Lagos LAGOS (SundiataPost) - Pro - Chancellor and Chairman of the Governing Council of University of Lagos, Dr Wale Babalakin, SAN, has said there is no crisis at the institution. Babalakin spoke on Friday at the Murtala Muhammed Airport terminal two (MMA2),… August 14, 2020 In "Education" By Chinyere NwachukwuLagos. -. Some students of the University of Lagos have called on the Federal Government and other key stakeholders in the university to urgently intervene in the conflict between the institution’s pro-chancellor and its management. Tension has been in the institution in recent time following series of queries… May 14, 2019 In "News" •Dr Wale Babalakin, Pro Chancellor and Chairman, Governing Council, University of Lagos LAGOS (SundiataPost) - The University of Lagos has reacted to threat by the local branch of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to disrupt the Governing Council Meeting scheduled for Wednesday, 15th July 2020.The reaction was contained… July 12, 2020 In "Education"