Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has resolved the leadership crisis in the Cross River state chapter of the party. Speaking after a meeting Tuesday at the national secretariat of the party, Secretary of the committee, Sen. John Akpan Udoedehe said all the parties to the dispute resolved to sheathe their swords and adopted Sen. Matthew Mbu as the new state chairman of the party. Among those who attended the meeting were the Minister of State, Power, Goddy Jeddy Agba, former Senate Leader, Victor Ndoma-Egba, Sen. John Enoh, former Niger Delta Affairs minister, Usani Usani, immediate-past National Vice Chairman of the party for the South South, Hilliard Eta and the two former warring state chairmen, Ntufam John Etim and Sir John Ochala. Udoedehe in his brief remarks also thanked President Muhammadu Buhari for his support to the reconciliation efforts of the party. He said; “I was given a mandate by the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee, Gov. Mai Mala Buni to resolve the lingering crisis in Cross River State. I am happy to announce to all of us that we have reached a consensus and we have finally achieved the peace in Cross River state. By Christian Njoku Calabar -  The All Progressive Congress (APC) in Cross River says it will obey the perpetual court injunction restraining it from conducting any further congress in the state. The party stated this in a communiqué signed by its state Chairman, Mr Etim John, at the end of… August 22, 2018 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the country awaits formation of President Muhammadu Buhari’s cabinet, which is likely to be intriguing, politicians in the South-South are in a spirited fight for inclusion in the cabinet. Due to the abysmal performance of ministers from the South-South zone in the past cabinet, some… July 14, 2019 In "Politics" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja - Sen. Usani Usani, Minister of Niger Delta, has dismissed claims of working for the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as cheap blackmail aimed at tarnishing his reputation by desperate politicians afraid of his rising political profile. The Minister said while speaking with newsmen on Tuesday… March 20, 2019 In "News"