Hong Kong  -Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam on Friday announced a new initiative to offer universal coronavirus tests to all of the city’s citizens in a bid to identify asymptomatic cases. Addressing a press conference, Lam urged Hong Kongers to participate in the free two-week community virus testing scheme which will start on Sept. 1. Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated cities in the world with a population of 7.5 million, some 1.2 million of which had undergone testing. Critics of Lam’s latest scheme, however, expressed concerns over what would happen to data from test samples amid heightened concerns about surveillance of citizens in the Chinese-ruled territory. The chief executive said that each test would be identified only by an individual barcode. Participants, who can register for the test online, would be notified by the health authority if their results were positive. Lam’s new strategy to fight the pandemic also included the setting up of two new treatment facilities, one of which would be temporarily erected at an international conference centre at Hong Kong’s international airport. The other, with a capacity of 800 beds, would be built from scratch by local contractors and is expected to be completed within a month. As of Friday, Hong Kong had recorded 4,632 infections and 75 deaths. (dpa/NAN) Hong Kong - Hong Kong Health authorities said five persons evacuated from a residential building where a man and a woman confirmed with coronavirus lived were on Tuesday tested negative for the virus. The authorities said the development would ease concerns over a cluster of the outbreak in the Chinese-ruled… February 11, 2020 In "Foreign" Hong Kong - More than 1,000 protesters calling for democracy and some chanting “free Hong Kong” converged on the Chinese-ruled city’s airport on Friday as Singapore advised its travellers to avoid protest areas in the territory. Hong Kong airport authorities said operations wouldn’t be affected, but advised passengers to arrive… July 26, 2019 In "Foreign" Hong Kong -  Hong Kong’s pro-democracy camp swept district council elections in a landslide victory on Monday in what is widely seen as a referendum on months of anti-government protest. Pro-democracy parties are set to control 388 of 452 available seats and 17 out of 18 district councils, in some… November 25, 2019 In "Foreign"