A 13-year-old girl in Russia who claimed that a 10-year-old boy impregnated her has given birth to a baby girl. Darya Sudnishnikova became famous in her home country after insisting that she was impregnated by her 10-year-old boyfriend, Ivan. Darya even went on prime-time TV earlier this year claiming Ivan was the father and Ivan backed up her story. Darya later said she had been raped in her hometown Zheleznogorsk by a boy aged 16. She claimed she said Ivan was the father because she was too embarrassed to admit to the rape. Ivan, now 11, chose to stand by her and he remains her “boyfriend“. Darya announced recently on Instagram that she has welcomed a daughter after going through a “tough” delivery. The girl had to travel to Krasnoyarsk in Siberia to find doctors who will accept her, she said last week. She wrote on Instagram: “That’s it, I gave birth to a girl at 10 am. It was tough, I’ll tell you everything later, I’m having a rest now.” Police are still investigating the alleged rape case and are expected to take a DNA sample from the newborn girl to find out if the 16-year-old boy is the father. Meanwhile, Ivan wants to remain in the life of Darya and her child. Not long before giving birth, Darya revealed that Ivan stays over at her house sometimes and may take over fatherhood of her child when he’s 16. She Wrote: “He does not live with me, he stays overnight sometimes. At 16, he will take over the fatherhood, but it depends on how everything goes on between us.” Source Security operatives are on the trail of a man who impregnated his 13-year-old daughter in Abia.   A father has been barnished from his community after he r*ped and impregnated his 13-year-old daughter who was born out of incest with his cousin many years ago. The father, Ugochukwu Nwonwu, a native of… August 17, 2019 In "Metro" A pregnant 13-year-old Russian girl has become somewhat of a celebrity online after revealing that the father of her unborn child is a 10-year-old boy. The little girl now has a large followership on social media making her an instant online influencer. The schoolgirl mum-to-be is however, looking for sponsors… February 7, 2020 In "Metro" A woman was furious when she learned that her teenage daughter cheated with her boyfriend. Mildred Mashego, 38, of Casteel, South Africa, was pregnant when she learned that her daughter was also pregnant, and the two were due just days apart. Mashego said that she was very angry when she… April 3, 2015 In "News"