Rio de Janeiro  –  Brazilian top flight club Atletico Goianiense have obtained permission to field four players who have tested positive for the novel coronavirus, the Globoesporte website said on Wednesday. The club said the players were in the final stages of the infection and had already complied with all quarantine measures ahead of a match with Flamengo. The report said Brazilian authorities agreed they would no longer pose a risk to others. Two dozen confirmed positive tests had already rocked the start of the Brazilian football season as the country battles one of the highest caseloads in the world. Top flight Goias had 10 players test positive prior to a match against Sao Paulo, which was postponed. Media reports say at least 150 top flight players have in fact tested positive. A third division match was also postponed after 12 players tested positive. Brazil has recorded over 100,000 deaths in connection with COVID-19. More than three million people have been infected with the virus.(dpa/NAN) Rome – Italian second tier side Venezia have suspended training after one of their players tested positive for COVID-19, the club said in a statement.The Serie B side, were due to visit Pordenone on Saturday in their first match since the three-month coronavirus stoppage, said the case was detected in… June 16, 2020 In "Sports" Madrid - Atletico Madrid’s fears of further disruption to their trip to the UEFA Champions League “Final Eight’’ tournament in Lisbon have been eased. This came after the rest of the squad tested negative for COVID-19, following two positives the previous day. The club’s morning training session was postponed due… August 10, 2020 In "Sports" La Liga side Valencia have said more than 35% of their players and backroom staff have tested positive for the coronavirus but that all cases were currently asymptomatic. The club had reported five cases of COVID-19 on Sunday, with Argentina’s Ezequiel Garay and France’s Eliaquim Mangala both confirming they were… March 17, 2020 In "News"