By Ramatu Garba  Kano  -Kano State Government, in collaboration with UNICEF, has begun a four-day seminar to facilitate timely report of rape cases and data collation at the grassroots. Hajiya Bahijja Malam-Kabara, the Public Relations Officer in the state Ministry for Women Affairs and Social Development, made this known in a statement on Sunday in Kano. Malam-Kabara quoted Dr Zahra’u Muhammad-Umar, the ministry’s Commissioner as saying the aim of the seminar was to find a lasting solution to the menace. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the seminar, which started on Aug. 22 at the Kano Central Hotel, Kano, will end on Aug. 25 . Muhammad-Umar said the seminar was necessitated by the current administration’s zeal to end the menace of rampant cases of rape in the state. The commissioner said that women leaders, social welfare officers and women development officers were among the participants drawn from the 44 local government areas of the state. Muhammad-Umar noted that the seminar would facilitate timely report of rape cases and data collation from all nooks and crannies of the state to enable the ministry to take appropriate action. Earlier, Mr Maulud Warfa, UNICEF Chief Officer, expressed the fund’s readiness to always partner and support the ministry. On his part, Mr Auwal Umar-Sanda, the Permanent Secretary in the the ministry, urged the participants to put into practice what they had learnt during the seminar and to always report to office early. He commended the facilitators, Salma Danbaffa and Fatima Adamu of Isa Wali Empowerment Initiative for their support to the ministry. The permanent secretary said their contributions would never be in vain. (NAN)  Aisha Ahmed Kano - The Sokoto State Government has revived the state’s Child Protection Network Committee to fight violence against women and children, the Commissioner for Women Affairs, Hajiya Kulu Abdullahi has said. Sharing measures adopted by her government to tackle the menace at a stakeholders forum in Kano on… January 15, 2020 In "News" By Ojo Oluwafemi Akure - The wife of Ondo State Governor, Mrs Betty Akeredolu, has pledged her readiness to partner with relevant stakeholders to end cases of sexual violence in the state. Akeredolu spoke on Tuesday in Akure at a stakeholders meeting on gender-based sexual violence According to her, an… August 4, 2020 In "Opinion" By Chinwe Ugwu It is often said that actions speak louder than words. While some leaders prefer to talk, others tend to work silently and be noticed by what they do rather than what they preach. Yet there are those who will never trade off their integrity and patriotic zeal,… November 1, 2017 In "Opinion"