Berlin  –   German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas on Monday expressed support for the participation of South Korea in a G7 summit in the United States later this year. Maas added that Russia should not be allowed to join. “South Korea is one of the countries that are of particular importance globally, they are also a partner in terms of values, so I would very much welcome their participation,’’ Maas said. Speaking at a meeting with his South Korean counterpart Kang Kyung Wha in Berlin, Maas said Russia’s annexation of Crimea and the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine were reasons that Russia should not participate. U.S. President Donald Trump, who is hosting this year’s G7 summit, is pushing ahead with trying to bring other countries into the fold, with a particular emphasis on inviting Russian President Vladimir Putin. In July, Trump questioned whether the G7 – made up of the U.S., Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and Britain, “properly represents what’s going on in the world” and described it as a “very outdated group of countries.” Maas appeared to support this notion, saying “the global balance of power is no longer realistically depicted in many existing formats.” (dpa/NAN) Moscow - Russia is not in talks with Washington about its potential role at an expanded Group of Seven summit later this year, Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Saturday, insisting that China should also be included in the event. His comments to TASS news agency countered those of… July 4, 2020 In "News" Washington -  U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday Russia should also be attending a Group of Seven nations summit, as he prepared to fly into a chilly reception at the meeting in Canada, where other G7 leaders are set to clash with him over trade. Russia was expelled from… June 8, 2018 In "Foreign" Biarritz (France) - From Aug. 24 to Aug. 26, leaders from seven of the world’s major developed countries get together on the seaside town of Biarritz in southern France for the G7 summit. Climate change, Iran nuclear issue, trade disputes, Brexit and the digital tax are all hard topics that… August 24, 2019 In "News"