By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja –  The Coalltion of United Political Parties (CUPP), has called on INEC to adjust its timetable for Edo and Ondo governorship elections, following the Court of Appeal judgment that upturned the deregistration of 23 political parties. The coalition in a statement by its Chairman, Media Committee, Chukwudi Ezeobika, said the adjustment was necessary following the unanimous decision of the panel of Justices of the Court of Appeal, which declared the deregistration of political parties by INEC as illegal and unconstitutional. He said it would be waste of efforts for INEC to proceed with the scheduled elections in Edo and Ondo States without giving opportunity to all necessary parties to field candldates for the elections. “The coalition demands immediate adjustment on the time and date of the affected governorship elections to avoid waste of taxpayers money. “It is also to avoid the court order bringing the whole exercise to nullity,” Ezeobika said. INEC had earlier said that it would be approaching the Supreme Court on the Court of Appeal conflicting judgements over deregistration of political parties.  (NAN) By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said it would approach the Supreme Court over conflicting judgements by the Court of Appeal on recently deregistered political parties. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by, Mr Festus Okoye,INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter… August 11, 2020 In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has revealed the next step it will take after the court of appeal voided its deregisteration of 22 political parties. INEC said it will proceed to the supreme court for a final judgement on whether it has the powers to deregister political parties. Though… August 11, 2020 In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says 17 political parties submitted the list and particulars of their nominated candidates for Ondo State governorship election at the deadline for submission.The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Festus Okoye INEC National Commissioner and Chairman,… July 29, 2020 In "Politics"