The room where the dastard act was allegedly committed Akinyele local government in Oyo state is in the news again as another girl, Mary Daramola has been raped to death. The fresh ugly incident occurred at Alabata Community, near Moniya in Akinyele local government. The dastard act was carried out few days after the suspected serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, who had escaped from police custody was re-arrested. According to a report monitored on the local ‘Amuludun FM’ a station located at Moniya, the indigenes and residents of Alabata community have called on Oyo state Police Command not to sweep the fresh rape to death case in the area under the carpet. The Balogun of Alabata, Chief Rasaq Ajimoti said the incident occurred on Monday when a middle aged man, called Toheeb Ako and others at large raped one, Mary Daramola to death. Chief Ajimoti explained that a passer-by, who noticed the suspect, Toheeb and his gangs while trying to dump the corpse of Mary in a nearby bush raised the alarm that resulted into the arrest of Toheeb, who was taken to Moniya police station. Also speaking, Mary’s guardian, Mrs Folakemi Adedeji expressed sadness over the horrible incident and called for justice to serve as deterrent to rapists in the state. As at press time, Oyo Police spokesperson, Gbenga Fadeyi could not be reached for comments. Meanwhile, the suspect, Toheeb, has been moved to the State criminal investigation department, Iyaganku for further investigation. Source: Prompt News Online By Segun Oye, IBADAN The people of Alaja community in Moniya, Ibadan, Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo state came under attack by unknown assailants this morning (Monday) leaving two women seriously injured. According to eye witness, the assailants stormed the community around 10.00am, macheting a woman, Mrs. Adeola Bamidele,… June 29, 2020 In "Metro" Fresh facts have emerged on how the prime suspect of Ibadan ritual killings, 19-year-old Sunday Sodipe, escaped on Tuesday August 11, 2020, from police custody at Divisional Police Headquarters, Mokola, around 8p.m. Saturday Sun had last week exclusively reported the escape of the prime suspect. Following the report, Nigerians have… August 22, 2020 In "Metro" An 11-year-old girl (names withheld) has been confirmed to be four months pregnant after she was allegedly raped by one Frank and his friend, now at large in Ovwian Community in Udu Local Government Area of Delta State. A copy of the four months pregnancy test conducted by Jobire Medical… April 26, 2019 In "Metro"