Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti  – The Ekiti State House of Assembly has suspended Mr Femi Ayodele, the Chairman of Ikere Local Government over alleged unauthorised presidential campaign publication for Gov. Kayode Fayemi. The suspension was through unanimous votes by the lawmakers during the Assembly’s sitting in Ado-Ekiti on Friday. The members voted following a motion by the the Majority Leader, Chief Gboyega Aribisogan, which was supported by Mr Tajudeen Akingbolu, representing Ekiti West Constituency I. The two legislators urged the house to investigate the chairman’s alleged involvement in the unauthorised presidential campaign posters of the governor. They held that the chairman should be suspended and investigated, stressing that the act was in flagrant disregard to extant regulations in the state. Commenting on the matter, the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye, directed that the investigation should be concluded and reported to the house within one week. In another development, the house also committed the Ekiti Institute of Local Government Studies Bill 2020 to its committee on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs for further scrutiny. Contributing to debate on the bill, Mr Ajibade Adeyemi, an APC lawmaker representing Moba Constituency I, said the bill would improve efficiency and productivity at the third tier level. The assembly adjourned further legislative business until Monday, Aug. 24. (NAN) Ikere Local Government Chairman, Mr Femi Ayodele who printed and distributed 2023 presidential campaign posters of Ekiti state Governor Kayode Fayemi has been suspended. It was gathered that he distributed unauthorised presidential campaign posters for Governor Kayode Fayemi. Ayodele had sponsored campaign posters canvassing for Governor Fayemi to contest as… August 21, 2020 In "Politics" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti has paid tributes to a former Special Adviser on Education and Ethics to President Olusegun Obasanjo, Chief Samuel Kolawole Babalola, who died on July 20 at 89 years. Fayemi, in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary in… July 25, 2020 In "News" By Ariwodola Idowu   Ado Ekiti   -       Ekiti Governor-elect, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Wednesday called on Gov. Ayodele Fayose to refrain from actions capable of plunging the state into further financial crisis through irregular and unconstitutional means. The governor-elect, in a statement issued by the Media Director of his campaign… September 13, 2018 In "News"