Olusegun Obasanjo, an ex-president has urged African youths to come together and use their electoral power to pursue the older generation from all leadership positions. Speaking at an interactive session held virtually to mark this year’s International Youth Day on Wednesday, August 12, the former President said unless old people are forced out of the political stage, they will continue to occupy the leadership positions which is a disservice to the youths in Africa. “Unless you squeeze out those who are in office and those who want to remain in office perpetually, some after the age of 80, unless you squeeze them out, they will not want to be out. The type of change I am talking about, that I believe we can all embark upon is to subscribe to the constitution of political parties in favour of youths or if you like it you call it affirmative action in favour of youths. For instance, if you say, in the constitution of a political party, not less than 50 per cent of those who hold executive office within the party will be less than 40 years. You can even go beyond that and say that people who will be put up for election, not less than 50 per cent of them will be less than 40 years of age. That’s affirmative action. That’s positive discrimination in favour of youths.” he said. Source Almost all  foundations floated by First Ladies are political gimmickry. They  die as soon as their spouses leave office. But the staying power of the Leadership Empowerment And Resource Network (LEARN), its deepening commitment to the youths and assisting to solve the myriad of challenges we face as a people,… July 6, 2018 In "Opinion" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Former President Olusegun Obasanjo, yesterday, in Ibadan, Oyo State capital, said the God who helped Nigeria to ease out the dreaded government of General Sani Abacha will come to the aid of Nigerians in 2019.   Speaking at a town hall meeting held at the Amusement Park, Agbowo, Ibadan, where the… June 19, 2018 In "Top Stories" The old saying that what an elderly man sees while sitting down will not be seen by a young man standing up has been playing out in Nigeria’s contemporary politics. When interpreted the adage simply means that experience and wisdom are not picked on the streets. They accrue over a… August 8, 2018 In "Opinion"