Athens  – At least seven people died and five others were injured on Wednesday on Northern Greek highway when a van crashed into a toll booth, Greek police said. However, police personnel were alerted to the scene by people passing by. According to ANA-MPE News Agency, the vehicle is apparently smuggling migrants when it slammed into the concrete island built for a toll booth under construction. The victims and the injured were brought to a hospital in nearby Alexandroupolis. Initial reports said 10 were killed but police later put the number at seven. It was not immediately clear how many people were in the van, or whether there were any smugglers among the casualties. The cause of the accident is still under investigation. Greek police patrolling the Egnatia Odos highway connecting Turkey with Thessaloniki frequently stop vans and Lorries smuggling migrants who manage to cross the land border from Turkey. According to the UN refugee agency UNHCR, nearly 11,000 refugees and migrants have arrived in Greece since the beginning of 2020, around 2,400 of them across the land border. UNHCR said that the rest sailed across the Aegean to the Greek islands. Those arriving by land attempt to reach Western Europe without being registered in Greece and usually pay smugglers to transport them to the west coast or the border with North Macedonia. (dpa/NAN) Athens -  Greek Police have arrested a 57-year-old driver of articulated vehicle suspected of human smuggling after they found 19 migrants hidden in a trailed tanker near the Greek border with Turkey. The people from Syria, Iraq, Pakistan and Iran, seven of them minors, were in a life-threatening situation as… November 24, 2017 In "Foreign" Athens  -  An overall 220 migrants were returned to Turkey from Greece on Friday, partially as part of a deal between the European Union and Turkey aimed at curbing migration movements. Two boats carrying migrants docked in the western Turkish port of Dikili after they left the Greek Aegean islands.… April 8, 2016 In "Foreign" Athens - Yannis Mouzalas, Greek Deputy Migration Minister, said Greece was taking all the measures as if borders have closed for good by activating a Plan B to deal with the refugee emergency. He said on Monday in Athens that government has submitted an emergency plan to the EU requesting… February 29, 2016 In "Foreign"