Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Lawmaker representing Borno South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, Ali Ndume, has revealed that attacks by Boko Haram insurgents was on the increase. Ndume made this known on Wednesday during a stakeholders’ meeting organised by Senate Committee on Special Duties and the North East Development Commission in Maiduguri, capital of Borno. The senator narrated how Boko Haram terrorists killed 75 members of his community in Gwoza Local Government Area in one night. He said he can’t go to his home town again because it was not safe. Ndume said, “If the senate committee would take time during their stay to go round some of the camps and even the nearby Konduga Local Government Area, we would all better appreciate what the people are facing. “Even as a serving senator, I still cannot go to Gwoza, my home town, because it is not safe. “Our security operatives are trying their best, and we have to give it to them. But the situation is overwhelming. People are dying every day, either from attacks or by hunger. We have lost many lives here. “There was a time in my home town that about 75 elders, most of whom I know personally, were dragged by Boko Haram to the town’s abattoir and slaughtered like animals. Only two persons survived because their bodies were covered with other people’s’ blood and the assailants thought they were dead. “In the same Gwoza, Boko Haram had in a single day lined up young men and summarily shot them dead. These were just some standout cases. ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Abuja, have said that contrary to claims by the Federal Government that the Boko Haram terrorists have been technically defeated, the terrorists still occupy some communities and local government areas in parts of the North East. They rejected plans by… January 7, 2016 In "Top Stories" This article is part of my periodic evaluation of the Boko Haram war in Nigeria as a Political Scientist and I will be focusing on the successes and struggles of the Nigerian soldiers this year, 2020 based on secondary sources of data. It should be noted that Boko Haram began… January 20, 2020 In "News" Maiduguri - The Senator-elect for Borno Central, Alhaji Babakaka Garbai, on Tuesday said his major task at the Senate would be to facilitate the safe return of people displaced from their communities by the Boko Haram insurgency. Garbai said while interacting with newsmen in Maiduguri, that the constituency had suffered… November 3, 2015 In "News"