By Joy Odigie Ekpoma (Edo)   –  Pastor Osage Ize-Iyamu, the All Progressive Congress (APC), governorship candidate in the Edo 2020 election has promised to revive rice production in Ekpoma, Esan West Local Government Council of the state. Ize-iyamu lamented that Ekpoma, which used to be the hub of local rice production in the country was now struggling to produce the crop. Ize-Iyamu, who was speaking during his campaign rally at Ekpoma on Wednesday ahead of the Sept. 19, election, assured to revive the agricultural potentials in the council. “The present administration collected a lot of billions under the Central Bank of Nigeria credit scheme for farmers but could not invest the money wisely. “Many farmers in this local government council applied for the loan scheme but they did not benefit from the scheme. “But my administration, if voted for would revive the agricultural potentials in this community, especially rice production. “Growing up as a child, Ekpoma rice was a delicacy in almost every household in the state and a major source of income for farmers in Ekpoma.” The campaign team also visited Owan West local government of the state where Ize-Iyamu assured of development of the council through his SIMPLE agenda manifesto. He urged the people of the council to exercise their franchise for APC in the Sept. 19 governorship election. (NAN) By Joy Odigie Igueben (Benin) - Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, the All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship candidate in the Edo 2020 election, has promised to provide infrastructure development in Esanland located in Edo Central Senatorial District of the state. He gave the assurance during his political campaign at Igueben, Igueben Local… August 10, 2020 In "Politics" Philip Shaibu, the running mate to Governor Godwin Obaseki in Edo state and incumbent Deputy Governor, has mocked the former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, after he knelt to beg some traditional rulers for forgiveness. Oshiomhole on Sunday night in Benin City, begged for forgiveness… July 30, 2020 In "Politics" By Joy Odigie Benin - The Edo Government says it will invest N2.2 billion from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN)’s N5 billion loan secured under the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme on crop production in the state. Mr Joe Okojie, Special Adviser to the Edo Governor on Agriculture, Forestry and Food… April 11, 2019 In "News"