A report by SaharaReporters has shown that two nurses and one other person have been arrested for stealing and selling a newborn baby by the police in Katsina State. It was gathered that one Shamsiya Sani, 25, a resident of Dandagoro Quarters, Katsina, was delivered of a baby girl at a clinic around Kofar Kaura Quarters and was said to have abandoned the baby shortly after the delivery with a note. The two nurses, Misira Tijjani and Grace Ejigu, were alleged to have conspired and sold the child to one Mrs Eucharia Onyema of Sabuwar Kasuwa Quarters, Katsina. But luck ran out on them when they were arrested on their way from the hospital with the child through the help of a tricycle rider, who suspected them of stealing the child and alerted the police. Confirming the incident, spokeperson for the state police command, Gambo Isah, said the suspects were arrested on July 28, 2020 based on a tip-off for selling the newly born baby girl. He said investigation was ongoing into the matter. Isah said, “On 25/07/2020, at about 10:00hrs, one Shamsiya Sani, aged 25 years of Dandagoro Quarters, Katsina, was delivered of a baby girl at Okomos Clinic, Kofar Kaura Quarters, Katsina. “She later abandoned the child at the hospital with a hand-written note, stating that it was born out of wedlock hence the abandonment. “Two nurses, Misira S. Tijjani, aged 35 years of Filin Canada Quarters, Katsina, and Grace Ejigu, aged 43 years of Shagari Low Cost, Katsina, conspired and sold the child to one Eucharia Onyema, aged 45 years of Sabuwar Kasuwa Quarters, Katsina.” Source According to the police, one Shamsiya Sani of the Dandagoro Quarter, Katsina, was delivered of the baby on July 25, 2020. Punch reported that the mother reportedly abandoned the baby shortly after delivery and left behind a handwritten note, which explained that she took the action because the baby was… August 4, 2020 In "News" By Moses Omorogieva / Mateen Badru Lagos -  The police in Lagos have arrested a 50-year-old traditional birth attendant for allegedly operating a centre where babies were born and sold to members of the public. The Commissioner of Police in Lagos State, CP Imohimi Edgal, told newsmen on Monday that… May 28, 2018 In "Top Stories" Delta State - General Overseer of Liberation Ministry, Pastor Sunday Chinedu (33), has told operatives of the Inspector-General of Police (IG) Special Intelligence Response Team (IRT) how he became part of the syndicate selling unborn babies in Delta State. Chinedu was arrested along with Madam Isioma Uko, Mr. Adagbo Samuel… November 15, 2019 In "Metro"