By Idris Olukoya  Epe (Lagos State)  -Mrs Jumoke Razak, the wife of late APC chieftain, Lanre Razak, says her husband did not die of COVID-19 pandemic. Razak told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Epe, that her husband’s death was natural as he had been sick for some time. She said the way her husband died showed that it was time for him to answer the call of his creator. “Although, my husband was sick but he was responding to treatment and looking healthy to recover, but suddenly, death caught up with him. “I received a call from the hospital where my husband was treated that he gave up on Aug. 15. “From God, we come and to Him, we shall all return. God, knows best,’’ she told NAN. The widow disclosed that her husband was on admission at Reddington hospital in Lagos and that he was not isolated. “He was receiving treatment as a normal sick patient and not as COVID-19 patient. “The public should desist from spreading the rumour of whether my husband died of COVID-19 or not. “I am saying emphatically that my husband, Lanre Razak, did not die of COVID-19. “Anybody can be sick and be treated fine while some will be sick and pass to eternity. “Therefore, it is God’s time that He took my husband. “May Almighty Allah forgives his shortcomings and grants him Aljanat Firdaus,’’ she prayed. NAN reports that the APC Chieftain dead on Aug. 15 and was buried same day according to Islamic rites. (NAN) By Idris Olukoya Epe (Lagos State) - Mariam Kawojue, wife of late retired Lagos Television (LTV) broadcaster, Toyin Kawojue, 62, who died on April 6 and was buried the next day, said her husband died after he suffered partial stroke.Kawojue, a native of Epe in Lagos State, started his broadcasting… April 8, 2019 In "News" By Adekunle Williams Ikeja - The Speaker, Lagos State House of Assembly, Mr Mudashiru Obasa, has commiserated with the family of late Lanre Razak, describing him as a forthright politician. Obasa made this known in a condolence message issued on Sunday in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls… August 16, 2020 In "News" By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta - A 28-year-old COVID-19 patient has successfully put to bed at the State Hospital, Ijaye in Abeokuta.The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker, confirmed this on Wednesday while congratulating the health workers who took delivery of the patient’s baby at the hospital.She said that a… July 8, 2020 In "Health"