By Chidi Opara Owerri –   The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it is putting measures in place for smooth conduct of Imo North Senatorial Bye Election scheduled for Oct. 31. This is contained in a press release by the INEC Electoral Commissioner in the state, Prof. Francis Ezeonu, The commission said that following its published time table for the election, all political parties fielding candidates in the bye-election would have between Aug. 24 and Sept. 8, to hold their primary election. It said that the parties should make available to INEC office, within 48 hours, their primary election dates, venues, time of congress/election, agenda and guidelines. According to INEC, each party is also to provide a list of its planning committee members, a comprehensive list of delegates, a list of nominated candidates/contestants and any other necesaary documents. It advised the parties to adhere strictly to their guidelines for primary election as well as the COVID-19 prevention guidelines. It gave the parties Oct. 17 as the last day for submission of names, addresses and two passports-size photographs of polling agents, to the electoralofficers, as provided in Section 45(1) of the Electoral Act, 2010 (as amended). (NAN) By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says 17 political parties submitted the list and particulars of their nominated candidates for Ondo State governorship election at the deadline for submission.The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Festus Okoye INEC National Commissioner and Chairman,… July 29, 2020 In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Tuesday said that 14 political parties submitted nominations for Edo governorship election. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued in Abuja by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee (IVEC). Okoye… July 1, 2020 In "Politics" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has assured that the nation’s democracy and electoral process cannot be truncated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Commission therefore insisted that all elections will go on as scheduled despite the Coronavirus scare, adding that “while the Commission takes the COVID-19 pandemic seriously, our democracy… May 30, 2020 In "News"