Former President Dr. Goodluck Jonathan has congratulated Dr. Akinwumi Adesina over his re-election as the President of the African Development Bank by the Board of Governors of the Bank. In a goodwill message Dr. Adesina, the former President noted that the AfDB boss recorded significant achievements in his first tenure and urged him to do more to ensure that the impact of the Bank’s development initiatives is felt across the continent. Below is the text of the goodwill message: “I congratulate Dr. Akinwumi Adesina on his re-election as the President of the African Development Bank by the Board of Governors of the Bank. “I am proud of Dr. Adesina because he has remained consistent as a man of vision and considerable capacity; traits he generously put to use while serving as a key member of our administration’s economic team and minister of agriculture. “His first term as President of AfDB brought about exemplary leadership, significant achievements and broken records, especially with the bank’s recent unprecedented capital increase by 125% to $208 billion. “With his re-election and focus on infrastructural development, youth empowerment and regional integration, I believe that AfDB will continue to strongly reflect the voice, vision and aspirations of the founding fathers of the Bank. “I urge him to deploy his astute managerial skill to ensure that the positive impact of the Bank’s development initiatives is felt across the continent.” By Cecilia IjuoAbuja - Over 52 commodity associations under the auspices of the Federation of Agricultural Commodities Association of Nigeria (FACAN) have endorsed the reelection bid of Dr Akinwumi Adesina as President of African Development Bank (AfDB).The National Deputy President of the association, Mr Sheriff Balogun, made this known at… June 10, 2020 In "News" By Nse Anthony-Uko, ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) – President of the African Development Bank (AfDB), Dr Akinwumi Adesina, has been announced as winner of the 2017 World Food Prize Laureate. Adesina, the immediate past Minister of Agriculture in Nigeria, clinched the prize due to his achievements in the area of boosting… June 27, 2017 In "Top Stories" Adesina’s World Food Prize: Jonathan Says Bravo For Exceptional Work Ethics June 28, 2017 In "Top Stories"