 The Lagos State Police Command has arrested some of its personnel involved in the alleged extortion of two artistes, David Marvellous and Damilola Oladimeji. PUNCH Metro had reported how the duo accused the policemen of alleged extortion and sexual harassment. The artistes were returning home on July 28, 2020, after buying food when policemen from the Langbasa Police Station allegedly accosted them on their estate at Badore, in the Ajah area of the state. The duo told our correspondent that after their arrest, the policemen went round the estate and apprehended innocent residents, while threatening to shoot anyone who resisted them. Marvellous, who alleged that one of the policemen sexually harassed him, stated that the cop also slapped him on the face for querying his action. He alleged that the cops released them the following morning after collecting N10,000 for bail. However, Marvellous, who spoke with our correspondent on Wednesday, said the cops involved had been arrested and the money extorted had been returned to the artistes. “The PPRO invited us to his office, apologised and explained to us that there were good cops and bad cops. The cops involved were arrested and brought to his office and the PPRO told us that they were going to undergo internal disciplinary action and the N10,000 collected from us was also returned to us,” he said. Efforts to get the comment of the state Police Public Relations Officer, BalaElkana, proved abortive as he did not pick his calls as of the time of filing this report. Copyright PUNCH. Police officers have been caught extorting motorists for using Google map in the city of Lagos.   The Lagos State Police Command has promised to investigate the alleged extortion of a motorist by some of its personnel. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, told PUNCH Metro that the command… August 23, 2019 In "News" Ondo State - The Ondo State Police Command, yesterday, said that the policeman, who killed a truck driver on Monday at a checkpoint, was yet to be arrested.  the Ondo State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Femi Joseph, said that the killer cop, identified as Sergeant Idowu Omosuyi, fled after… December 5, 2019 In "Metro" PORT HARCOURT - A policewoman, who allegedly clutched the private parts of a mechanic, Ikwunado Chima, while he was being tortured in detention has been arrested and detained by the Rivers State Police Command. The late Chima met his untimely death in police custody on December 23, 2019, four days… February 7, 2020 In "Metro"