….As Ize-Iyamu debunks allegation that 14 members-elect sat in his house to remove SpeakerBy Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Chairman, Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Mai Mala Buni, on Friday said that President Muhammadu Buhari has endorsed the governorship candidate of the party in the September 19 elections, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. Buni, who stated this while briefing State House correspondents after presenting the APC candidate to the President said that Buhari gave his blessings to the candidate. Pastor Ize-Iyamu at the briefing debunked the allegation that 14 members-elect of the Edo State House of Assembly sat in his house on Thursday to impeach the Speaker of the House and elect a new one. Chairman, Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Mai Mala Buni, on Friday said that President Muhammadu Buhari has endorsed the governorship candidate of the party in the September 19 elections, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. He said: “Let me debunk the statement that 17 members of the State House of Assembly sat in my sitting room, it is not true.” He also said that there was no truth in the insinuations that President Buhari did not want to see him, alleging that it was a falsehood being spread by the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Also speaking, Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State described his Edo State counterpart and candidate of the PDP in the September elections, Godwin Obaseki, as a liability to the PDP. “I can assure you that Governor Obaseki is a liability to the PDP. I can assure you that we are contesting against a governor who failed most woefully.” The Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari is currently meeting with the All Progressives Congress, APC, governorship candidate in the Edo State September 19 election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu at the Presidential Villa Abuja, Vanguard reports. The Edo State APC governorship candidate was led to the Presidential Villa by the Chairman, Caretaker Committee… August 7, 2020 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" The Edo State House of Assembly Deputy Speaker, Hon. Yekini Idiaye has been impeached. Recall that Idiaye and four other lawmakers had yesterday thrown their support for All Progressives Congress governorship candidate in the state. Idiaye, who represents Akoko-Edo Constituency I, was impeached at a plenary session of the House… August 5, 2020 In "Politics"