By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti  – The police on Monday confirmed the death of two undergraduates after a truck allegedly on top speed hit them in Ikere Ekiti, Ikere Local Government Area of Ekiti. ASP Sunday Abutu, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, confirmed the incident. Abutu, who said that the truck driver had been arrested, added that the corpses of the victims had been deposited in a morgue. ” It is sad and unfortunate that two young men can be killed due to avoidable accident. ” Preliminary investigation reveals that it is a case of collision. ”We appeal to motorists and other road users to always exercise restraint on roads,” he said. The victims, Ojo Hezekiah Abidemi, 25, and Ojo Ayomide,21, were said to be pursuing degree programmes at the State College of Education, Ikere Ekiti, in affiliation with the University of Nigeria, Nsukka. According to an eye witness, the victims were planning to travel to Akure, the Ondo capital, to see their parents when the accident occurred late on Sunday. The witness said security agents had prevented some irate youths from setting the truck ablaze. “The two students were on a motorcycle going to board a vehicle to Akure when they collided with the truck leading to their death,” the witness said. (NAN) Tragedy on Sunday evening struck Ikere-Ekiti, the headquarter of Ikere Local Government Area as two undergraduates were crushed to death in an accident involving truck and a motorcycle. The victims; Ojo Hezekiah Abidemi (25) and Ojo Ayomide (21), were students of University of Nigeria, Nsukka, a degree programme affiliated to… August 10, 2020 In "News" By Rasaq Ibrahim, Ado Ekiti Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A yet-to-be identified person was reportedly killed by suspected political thugs in Ikere-Ekiti, headquarters of Ikere Local Government Area of Ekiti, while four sustained injuries during the local government election on Saturday. The Nation gathered that the incident occurred at ward… December 7, 2019 In "Politics" Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti -  The two officials of Emure  local Government Area of Ekiti state, kidnapped last week have regained their freedom. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Police command in the state on Saturday confirmed the release of the two victims. The two council staff,… January 5, 2019 In "Metro"