Kaisha, Trikytee, Eric and Tochi were the last housemates put up for eviction last Sunday. However, Eric and Tochi were eventually evicted last Sunday night. The reason why Eric and Tochi were evicted is because they got the leaset votes from fans. Recall that Biggie had asked the remaining housemates to vote, however, it seems like it is the public’s vote that is used to determine who stays or leaves. After the voting process, show host, Ebuka announced Eric and Tochi as the third and fourth housemates to be evicted from the Big Brother Naija. Also, the result of how viewers voted showed that Eric got the lowest votes, followed by Tochi. For Eric, the end of the road means a whole new life with plans to delve in to acting and return to modelling. The former housemate also revealed that his situationship with Lilo was genuine and expressed plans to continue a relationship outside the house. Tochi, on the other hand, revealed plans to take up an acting career as well as a real estate business. All housemates, except Ozo and Dorathy were up for possible eviction this week. Tolanibaj had the highest vote, while Eric had the least vote in the post released by Dstv. However, organisers of BBNaija promised viewers to make available the full list of housemates’ eviction votes later. Here is a breakdown of how viewers voted for nine housemates: Tolanibaj- 3.30% Vee- 3.28 Praise- 2.99 Wathoni -2.76 Kaisha -2.41 Eric -1.91 It is no longer news that BBNaija2020 housemates, Lucy and Nengi engaged each other in a war of words just after the live eviction show on Sunday that saw Eric and Tochi eliminated from the show. The cause of the fight has now been revealed. Tori News gathered that Nengi… August 10, 2020 In "Entertainment" Edward Ojiah   Abuja   -     BBNaija “Double Wahala” housemate Anto has been evicted from the show. Anto became the eleventh housemate to be evicted and the first “individual” housemate to leave the Big Brother Naija themed show. Big Brother (Biggie)had dissolved the pairings therefore requiring the housemates… March 19, 2018 In "Entertainment" Anita Eboigbe Abuja -   Viewers of the ongoing Big Brother Naija ‘Double Wahala’ have taken to Twitter to express their dissatisfaction at Sunday’s single eviction. Some of the viewers expected two housemates, out of the six nominated, to be evicted, seeing that two housemates were evicted the week before… April 9, 2018 In "Entertainment"