Monaco  -Monaco rallied from two goals down to salvage a point in a 2-2 home draw against Stade de Reims in Ligue 1 on Sunday. It was their first game under new coach Nico Kovac, a former coach of Bayern Munich. Hoping to find some stability after using five coaches in two years, Monaco found themselves trailing 2-0 after 21 minutes following goals by Boulaye Dia and El Bilal Toure. But Axel Disasi and Benoit Badiashile, who both had a catastrophic start in central defence, scored either way of the interval as Monaco stepped up a gear. Angers, the only team with a win so far, are the early leaders after the 2020/2021 Ligue 1 season started on Friday. There was no Ligue 1 matches for five months as the 2019/2020 season was abandoned because of the COVID-19 crisis. Dia outpaced Badiashile and beat Benjamin Lecomte with a low crossed shot in the fifth minute to give the visitors an early advantage. The visitors doubled the tally 16 minutes later when Toure made the most of a defensive misunderstanding between Disasi and Badiashile. Monaco, however, pulled one back on the stroke of half-time as Disasi headed home from point blank range. The hosts equalised 10 minutes into the second half when Badiashile netted with an angled shot from Aleksandr Golovin’s free-kick. Champions Paris St-Germain (PSG) and Olympique Lyonnais are not playing their respective season-openers for now. They were postponed after both teams reached the UEFA Champions League semi-finals. PSG will face Bayern Munich in the UEFA Champions League final later on Sunday, while Lyon lost on Wednesday to Bayern Munich in the semi-finals. Olympique de Marseille’s home game against St Etienne, which was scheduled for Friday, was postponed after four OM players tested positive for the coronavirus. (Reuters/NAN) Chelsea stretched their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points by beating Arsenal 2-0 on Sunday after surprise packages Southampton went down 1-0 at Tottenham. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger must wait to see if he faces any disciplinary action for apparently pushing Chelsea's Jose Mourinho in… October 6, 2014 In "Sports" Vincent Enyeama is once again proving to be the star of Ligue 1 club, Lille OSC following his heroics in the 2013/14 season. The Super Eagles goalkeeper kept his third clean sheet in as many matches as Lille OSC beat Lorient 2-0 on match day three of the competition. Enyeama… August 25, 2014 In "Sports" Lille (France) - Olympique de Marseille cut the lead by Paris St-Germain (PSG) at the top of Ligue 1 in France to 10 points on Sunday after a 2-1 win at Lille. Two quickfire goals midway through the second half gave them the win after Nigerian international Victor Osimhen had… February 17, 2020 In "Sports"