By Nathan Nwakammaa Yenagoa –   The Police Command in Bayelsa has enlisted the support of members of the public in combating crime in the state. ACP Francis Ndabula, Area Commander in-charge of Opolo Area Command in the state, made the appeal at a meeting with members of the Police Community Relations Committee (PCRC) under his jurisdiction on Wednesday. Ndabula urged the residents and corporate bodies to partner with the police as and PCRC, by providing useful information that would lead to the arrest of criminals in the area. He also charged them to make the necessary sacrifices to achieve the aims and objectives of the committee. “I am excited that the PCRC has been formally established in my command and this will further boost security in the area,’’ Ndabula said. He emphasised that membership was voluntary noting that “it is an assignment that does not attract any form of remuneration and members are expected to carry out their operations discreetly and with dignity’’. Speaking, the Coordinator of PCRC in Opolo Area Command, Mr Chris Nwodoh, said the committee was a collaborative effort between the Police and civilians to secure the safety of our environment. “It was established 36 years ago to enable civilians render service voluntarily to assist the Police to fight crime and maintain peace in the society.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the high-point of the meeting was the election of 12-member pioneer executive of the committee to pilot its affairs. The committee has Dr James Neminebo as Chairman, Chief Polycarp Udeafor, Vice Chairman, Mr Igbuasi Jerome, Secretary, Mr Faithful Dengiyefa, Financial Secretary and Mr Akins Mathias, Treasurer. Others are Mr Ebi Evinson, Publicity Secretary, Mrs Amada Ebisinde, Assistant Secretary; Mr Eketiomo Benson, Public Relations Officer and Mrs Esther Wonimieye, Welfare Secretary 1. Others also include Mrs Ogiechi Ezenwanze, Welfare Secretary 2, Mr Vincent Ezeh Provost Secretary 1 and Mrs Blessing Ezekiel Provost Secretary 2. In his acceptance speech, the chairman thanked members for the confidence reposed in him and promised that he would serve diligently and requested his colleagues to put in their best. Neminebo also pleaded with members of the committee to support the executive totally, given the fact that the Committee was a new-born baby. He further promised that one of his priorities would be to build a club house within the premises of the command to promote better interaction and camaraderie among members and officers of the command. (NAN) Kano  -  The Kano State Government has called on residents of the state to always collaborate with the Police and other security agencies to checkmate all forms of crime in the area. Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje made the call on Monday in Kano when members of the Police Community Relations Committee… February 29, 2016 In "Metro" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Mohammed Danmallam, has urged members of the Police Community Relations Committee [PCRC] to do more on volunteering intelligence information on criminals in the state. Danmallam made the call while flagging off the Multi-purpose Secretariat of the PCRC… December 14, 2017 In "Metro" Yola -  Gov. Muhammadu Jibrilla of Adamawa says his administration is committed to partnering with the Police Community Relations Committee (PCRC) in the state to ensure sustainable peace. Jibrilla stated this in Yola on Wednesday while receiving members of the state PCRC who paid him a courtesy call. The governor… May 25, 2016 In "News"