By Ibukun Emiola  Ibadan – Oyo State Government on Tuesday announced a shift in the date for Common Entrance examination into its Schools of Science from Aug. 19 to Sept. 1, 2020. Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye, Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, said in a statement that the shift was due to a clash of the examination date with the ongoing West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). He said that the students were expected to write Economics and Agricultural Science in the WASSCE timetable at the initial date slated for the common entrance examination. Olaleye stated that the date for the screening test for placement of pupils in terminal classes in public and private primary schools into Junior Secondary School 1(JSS1) in Oyo State had also been shifted. He noted that the new date would be from Aug. 20 to Aug. 22, 2020 due to another clash of the date of the exercise with another WASSCE subject. “All parents and guardians are advised to note these changes and prepare their wards for the exercise at the stipulated periods, with strict compliance with the State’s COVID-19 protocols,” the commissioner said. (NAN) The Oyo State government has canceled third term for the 2019/2020 session. The government said promotion of students will be based on their academic performance of the first and second terms. This decision by the state executive council was confirmed to Nigerian Tribune by state Commissioner for Education, Science and… July 22, 2020 In "Education" By Ibukun Emiola Ibadan - Oyo State Government has announced a slight adjustment to its school reopening schedule, contrary to the one earlier released. This was in conformity with the agreement reached by the Federal Government and the West African Examination Council (WAEC) on the commencement of the 2020 West… July 31, 2020 In "Education" File photo By Ibukun Emiola  IBADAN - Oyo State Government says it has cancelled third term for the 2019/2020 school session as promotion of students for all affected classes will now be determined by first and second term continuous assessments. Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye, the state Commissioner for Education, Science and… July 22, 2020 In "Education"