By Bukola Adetoye Lagos –   The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), on Tuesday held a special valedictory service to honour outgoing Passport Control Officer (PCO), of Ikoyi Passport office, Lagos, the Comptroller of Immigration Service (CIS), Manir Yari. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that CIS Yari, who was born in 1960, bowed out of service after 33 years of meritorious service. The Comptroller-General (CG), of NIS, Mr Mohammed Babandede, at the valedictory service held in Lagos described him as “wisdom personified official that served in NIS without any blemish”. Yari assumed the seat of PCO of Ikoyi, Lagos in 2018 and was just newly promoted to the post CIS. According to Babandede, Yari is committed to work and never compromises the values of the service. “Manir Yari is loyal, diligent and a good disciplinarian, “ Babandede said. Babandede, who was represented by Mohammed Alfa, the Assistant Comptroller-General (ACG) of NIS, Lagos Zonal Headquarters, urged other officials to imbibe the attributes of Yari by displaying good work ethics. The new Comptroller, Passport Command, Lagos, Mr Sunday Fagbamigbe commended Yari for being part of the team that enable the take off of e-passport in Nigeria. “Yari will be missed by NIS. However, I believe that he is a resource that can never be left fallow by the government,” Fagbamigbe said. The outgoing CIS, in his response commended Babandede for providing the enabling environment for officers across the country. Yari, however, while recounting his experience as PCO, said he faced internal and external pressures. “One of the internal pressures was the task of clearing over six month’s backlog of Passports I met on assumption of duty at passport office at Ikoyi, Lagos. “We had to embark on 24 hours and seven days service to clear the backlog. “To God be the glory, the backlog was all cleared within two months with intensified work,” he said. According to Yari, the activities of touts at the passport office were totally eliminated. “Before, the thought was that no one could get passport until after a long while. “But an assumption of duty many applicants were able to access their passports after 72 working hours, so the touts all left,” he said. He then urged officers still in service to remain ethical and loyal to the service in the interest of the NIS and the country. NAN reports that Yari joined NIS in 1987 and had served in several states, including Cross River, Akwa Ibom, Abia, Kebbi, Niger, Abuja and Lagos states. (NAN) By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja - The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) says it has commenced issuance of the enhanced e-passport at the Alausa Main Passport Office located at Ikeja, Lagos. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede, disclosed this in a statement issued by the Service Public Relations Officer, Mr Sunday… December 11, 2019 In "News" By Naomi Sharing Abuja, - HE Comptroller General (CG) of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Muhammad Babandede, has said the enhanced e-passport is acceptable and valid for entering all countries. He gave the reassurance in a statement by NIS Public Relations Officer, Mr Sunday James, in Abuja on Thursday. The… September 5, 2019 In "News" By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja - The Comptroller General, Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Mr Muhammad Babandede, has urged newly decorated senior officers of the service to exhibit high sense of professionalism and commitment to duty.Babandede said this during the virtual decoration of senior officers of the service on Wednesday in Abuja.He… August 5, 2020 In "News"