President Donald Trump has signed executive orders that will effectively ban social media apps TikTok and WeChat from operating in the US in 45 days. In the executive order, which declares TikTok a “national emergency”, Mr Trump claims the app “automatically captures vast swaths of information from its users,” such as location data and browsing and search histories, which “threatens to allow the Chinese Communist Party access to Americans’ personal and proprietary information potentially allowing China to track the locations of Federal employees and contractors, build dossiers of personal information for blackmail, and conduct corporate espionage.” The order regarding TikTok prohibits after 45 days “any transaction by any person, or with respect to any property, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, with ByteDance Ltd.,” the Chinese company that owns the social media platform. Trump issued the orders under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, a law that grants the administration sweeping power to bar US firms or citizens from trading or conducting financial transactions with sanctioned parties. On Monday August 3, Trump said he would support the sale of TikTok’s US operations to Microsoft and set September 15 as the deadline for TikTok to find a US buyer. He also said the deal would have to include a “substantial amount of money” coming to the US Treasury. Source Washington - U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Tuesday said U.S. was considering a ban on certain Chinese apps, including the popular video platform TikTok, which had a large user base among youths.However, in its response, TikTok insisted it does not share user data with the Chinese Government and… July 7, 2020 In "Foreign" New Delhi - Google has removed a popular app from its Play store in India that scans users’ smartphones, identifies apps made in China and removes them. The app was removed because it violates Google’s policies which do not allow apps to delete or deactivate other apps unless they are… June 3, 2020 In "Foreign" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Since he took office in January last year, American President, Mr Donald Trump has not only disagreed with members of the oppossition but even with his own cabinet members and other appointees. Between that time and now, over 20 people have either been sacked or have resigned… March 13, 2018 In "Foreign"