Nollywood actor Blossom Chukwujekwu’s ex-wife, Maureen Esisi, has spoken passionately about her broken marriage in a new social media post. Maureen who turns 33 next month, took to her Instagram account, to narrate how her dad broke the news of her marriage being over to her. According to her, she wondered how she was the last person to know about it. She says she wasn’t perfect, but that she was Blossom’s best. Read as she posted below… “Worst day today Work Sucked Greatly My Heart Sank too… Weird thing is…. by this time last year.. , exactly same date and same time, my Old man broke to me the news of my marriage being over… I remember laughing for a long time, standing up from where I sat listening to him as he tried to find the best words to convey the message to me… i put both hands in my pocket and paced the room silently as he looked at me waiting on me to say something. I pondered in my head about what I had just heard, why I was the last person to know it and how in the world we got there… African culture makes it so that the Woman must take it all in, she must understand no matter what, she must be subdued, she must never complain, she must learn to live with whatever, she must forgive even when she can’t, she must show happiness even when she is depressed, she must show strength even when she is weak…. and more But the Man, He is allowed to NOT take shit (even the tiniest of it) He would even be Praised for it. Life!!!! September 11th in View; I will be 33 I am HappierI am at PeaceI’m strongerI’m RicherI’m sexierI’m SingleI’m Free I wasn’t Perfect, I will NEVER be… But I was His Best! Someday, I will Tell this Story… 33 in a Bit (Exactly 1month Away” Blossom Chukwujekwu and Maureen got married back in 2015 in what was perceived as a marriage made in heaven. Source Nollywood actor, Blossom Chukwujekwu’s ex-wife, Maureen Esisi has broken her silence after a lady claimed her marriage crashed because she was barren and promiscuous. Speaking on the allegation, Esisi cautioned the accuser against making such a false claim saying she was never promiscuous in the marriage that lasted for just… May 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actor, Blossom Chukwujekwu's marriage is the latest celebrity union to have crashed after a period of three years. For years, the couple made us feel everything was perfect with their now deleted social media pictures. Blossom and Maureen Esisi struggled to have a child and according to rumours, it… September 6, 2019 In "Relationship" Nigerian actor, Blossom Chukwujekwu has received a beautiful birthday message from his ex-wife, Maureen after turning a day older on Monday, November 4, 2019.  Recall that the couple made headlines back in September after the news broke that their once admired marriage had crashed.Sharing his photo, she simply wrote:  “Happiest… November 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"