By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – UNICEF called on relevant government agencies to strictly enforce adherence to the National Regulation on the Code of Marketing of Breastmilk Substitutes and relevant World Health Assembly (WHA) resolutions by putting to a stop to the unwholesome marketing of breastmilk substitutes. This is also as it has urged Civil society organizations not to seek or accept donations of breastmilk substitutes in emergency situations. According to UNICEF, the COVID-19 pandemic highlights the need for stronger measures to support exclusive breastfeeding, as Nigeria joins the world to celebrate this year’s World Breastfeeding Week themed “Supporting breastfeeding for a healthier planet.” The call came as UNICEF and the World Health Organization (WHO), in a joint statement, urged governments to find innovative solutions to protect and promote women’s access to breastfeeding counselling, a critical component of breastfeeding support. Breastmilk saves children’s lives as it provides antibodies that give babies a healthy boost and protect them against many childhood illnesses. While researchers continue to test breastmilk from mothers with confirmed or suspected COVID-19, current evidence indicates that it is unlikely that COVID-19 would be transmitted through breastfeeding. “The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, like most emergencies, leaves families with children in an extremely vulnerable position. Given the present lack of evidence that transmission of the virus could occur through breastmilk, we recommend that mothers should be encouraged to initiate and continue to breastfeed their babies while observing good hygiene practices,” said Peter Hawkins, UNICEF’s Representative in Nigeria. UNICEF and WHO recommend that babies be fed only breastmilk for their first 6 months, after which they should continue breastfeeding – as well as eating other nutritious and safe foods – until 2 years of age or beyond. Currently, only 29 percent of Nigerian children between the ages of 0 to 6 months are exclusively breastfed. Breastmilk substitutes such as infant formula, other milk products, and beverages not only contribute negatively to the health and development of the child, but also to environmental degradation and climate change. Breastmilk, on the other hand, is natural, and is the only food a baby needs in the first 6 months of life. During the COVID-19 pandemic, availability and increased access to health care workers, including midwives and nurses, to deliver skilled breastfeeding counselling to mothers and families is essential. Efforts must be made to increase investment in maternal, infant, and child nutrition interventions at the community level support and to implement policies that support maternity leave for 6 months in the public sector, and an enabling environment for breastfeeding in the private sector. Advocacy for paid paternity leave must also continue to ensure full participation of both parents in the early moments of the child. “Through strengthened policy provisions and increased investment for breastfeeding, we can ensure that mothers in Nigeria are empowered to breastfeed their babies,” said Peter Hawkins. “Breastfeeding is still the safest during and after the COVID-19 pandemic.” By Prudence Arobani New York -  The UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) and the World Health Organisation (WHO) said breastmilk is very rich in nutrients for newborns but regretted that no fewer than 78 million newborns miss out from early breastfeeding. The UN agencies, in a new report, ‘Capture the Moment’,… July 31, 2018 In "Foreign" By Vivian Ihechu Lagos -   The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has called for compliance to the Marketing Breast Milk Substitutes (BMS) Code, saying it is affecting infant nutrition. Prof. Mojishola Adeyeye, the Director-General of NAFDAC, made the call at a day sensitisation workshop… July 9, 2018 In "Health" ABUJA  – As Nigeria joins the rest of the world to mark the World Breastfeeding Week, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) has announced that more than five million newborns in Nigeria are deprived of essential nutrients and antibodies that should protect them from disease and death. According to the UN… August 3, 2016 In "Health"