Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mr Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the Edo and Ondo states  Commissioners of Police (CPs) to rejig preparations ahead of the governorship elections coming up in the states. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr Frank Mba disclosed this in a statement on Sunday in Abuja. He said the order was to accommodate and address the threats and emerging trends as contained in the Election Security Threat Assessment Reports. Mba said the I-G gave the order after reviewing the assessment reports submitted by the CPs from Edo and Ondo states ahead of the elections slated for Sept. 19 and Oct. 10 respectively. He said the report had revealed, amongst other indicators: arming and movement of political thugs, use of inciting statements during political campaigns, high likelihood of violence and possible cross attack by political opponents. Mba said other revelations in the report are misinformation/disinformation aimed at heating up the polity and deliberate efforts at delegitimizing government institutions involved in the electoral processes. He said the I-G had warned politicians and their supporters in the two states, to conduct themselves properly, play by the rules and steer clear of tendencies capable of undermining the electoral process. The FPRO said the Force leadership was evolving customised security architecture to protect the people and ensure hitch free elections in the two states. He said the police would not hesitate to bring the full weight of the law on anyone or group that would want to sabotage the security arrangement being emplaced for the elections. Mba pledged the commitment of I-G to protect  the sanctity of the ballot in the elections. He said that the Police would remain neutral, apolitical and work with all stakeholders in ensuring a level playing ground for all in the elections. By Joseph Edeh   Abuja    -    The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Ibrahim Idris has commended the entire police personnel and other security agencies deployed to Ekiti for the July 14 governorship election. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the I-G had deployed 30,000 personnel for… July 15, 2018 In "News" ABUJA -  The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Abubakar, has deployed an Assistant Inspector-General of Police and five Commissioners of Police to Ekiti to supervise security arrangements for Saturday’s governorship election. This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Thursday by CSP Frank Mba, Force Public Relations Officer.… June 19, 2014 In "News" Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Ibrahim Idris, has said that the police will deploy massive personnel and equipment for the forthcoming Edo and Ondo governorship elections. Idris said this on Wednesday at a meeting with Command Commissioners of Police, AIGs in charge of the 12 zones across the… August 31, 2016 In "Metro"