Nigerian actor, Ramsey Noah has taken to his social media page to raise alarm after television he bought for N499,000 had a slight screen issue. The Nollywood actor was surprised after being told that the screen damage is not covered by warranty. He wrote: “Okay I’m so livid right now and quite appalled to say the least. Why is it that almost nothing guarantees you value in this country? Dear @lgafrica1 I bought a TV from one of your outlets less than a month ago for 499,000k so basically 500k and the screen got slightly cracked with a squash ball while my kids were playing around. Not only did my entire TV pack up and refused to come on which puts the quality of the product to serious questions because how do I pay so much for something only for it to shut down completely at the slightest push? I was told on bringing it in to your store that the screen is not under warranty and it costs over 80% of the total amount to replace the screen. I honestly feel like this is a rip off because what then does my warranty cover? The plug maybe?How is this supposed to be sustainable to average people who probably saved their hard earned income to purchase your product? What are we supposed to do with no warranty on what happens to be the most expensive component of the product?No! This makes absolutely no sense to me. Anybody out there has had any unpleasant experience like mine with these companies and would like to talk about it? This is truly unacceptable and I believe needs to be spoken about.” See his post below: Okay I'm so livid right now and quite appalled to say the least. Why is it that almost nothing guarantees you value in this country? Dear @lgafrica1 I bought a TV from one of your outlets less than a month ago for 499,000k so basically 500k and the screen got slightly cracked with a squash ball while my kids were playing around. Not only did my entire TV pack up and refused to come on which puts the quality of the product to serious questions because how do I pay so much for something only for it to shut down completely at the slightest push? I was told on bringing it in to your store that the screen is not under warranty and it costs over 80% of the total amount to replace the screen. I honestly feel like this is a rip off because what then does my warranty cover? The plug maybe? How is this supposed to be sustainable to average people who probably saved their hard earned income to purchase your product? What are we supposed to do with no warranty on what happens to be the most expensive component of the product? No! This makes absolutely no sense to me. Anybody out there has had any unpleasant experience like mine with these companies and would like to talk about it? This is truly unacceptable and I believe needs to be spoken about. A post shared by  RAMSEY NOUAH (@ramseynouah) on Mar 17, 2020 at 2:15pm PDT Source By Ojonugwa Ugboja (With Agency Report) Nigeria movie industry, Nollywood, has recorded unprecedented growth over the years, and with it has come the reality of actors struggling to keep up with the pace of events. Some actors who once starred on our screens, week-in week-out have all of a sudden… March 17, 2018 In "Features" Nigerian actor and producer, Ramsey Nouah has been called out for refusing to pay a Nigerian Graphic Designer, Louisajlo who worked on the movie, 'Living in Bondage'. The movie grossed millions in box office, but the actor has refused to pay the hardworking woman. Taking to Twitter, Louisajlo @louisajlo narrated… June 17, 2020 In "Entertainment" ABUJA - A Nigerian movie, ``30 Days in Atlanta’’ with 10 nominations, scored one of the highest nominations for the 3rd annual Golden Icons Academic Awards (GIAMA), scheduled for Oct. 25, in Houston, Texas U.S.A. The Movie Producer and comedian, Ayo Makun, popularly known as AY, in a statement expressed… August 18, 2014 In "Style"