Amman  – U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Thursday arrived Oman as part of a regional tour where had been discussing efforts to end a three-year-old Gulf crisis and encourage more Arab countries to normalise ties with Israel. He is expected to meet Oman’s Sultan Haitham bin-Tarik, who took power earlier in 2020 after the death of his predecessor, Qaboos. “I look forward to discussing efforts to build unity among the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and build on the momentum to advance regional peace and prosperity,” Pompeo said. In June 2017, three members of the GCC and Egypt – Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain, severed diplomatic and transport ties with Qatar, accusing it of supporting/funding terrorists, a charge Doha denied. The GCC also include Qatar as well as Oman and Kuwait, who had maintained a neutral position on the dispute. Pompeo’s tour comes two weeks after the UAE and Israel agreed to establish formal diplomatic ties in a U.S.-brokered deal. The top U.S. diplomat held talks in the UAE and Bahrain on Wednesday. He also visited Israel and Sudan earlier in the week. (dpa/NAN) Dubai (UAE) -   U.S. President Donald Trump and Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al-Nahyan on Wednesday discussed ways to enhance “friendship and cooperation’’ between the U.S. and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) during a phone call. “The U.S. president thanked Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al-Nahyan… February 28, 2018 In "Foreign" Brasilia    -        U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Tuesday that the U.S. would continue to cooperate with Israel over Syria and in countering Iran in the Middle East, even as President Donald Trump plans to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin… January 2, 2019 In "Foreign" By Owei Lakemfa Terrorism  rules the world toda­y. In the past one week, there have been three attacks in pa­rts of the world. Ju­st two days ago (June 7) two symbols of Iranian life; its Pa­rliament and the tomb of revered revolut­ionary leader, Ayato­llah Ruhollah Khomei­ni were attacked with… June 13, 2017 In "Opinion"