Madrid  -In spite of guiding Elche back to the Spanish La Liga after a five-year absence, Juan Jose Rojo Martin, known as “Pacheta”, will not lead the team into the Spanish top-flight. “The coach and the club are going their separate ways, ending a glorious and triumphant cycle which will go down in the memory of our fans forever,” Elche said in a statement on Tuesday. Pacheta’s contract with the club expired at the end of the season, although it was not clear why it was not renewed. He took over a club in financial ruin and in Spain’s third tier in February 2018 and earned promotion from the Segunda Division B in his first campaign. The side, who had the fifth-lowest budget in Spain’s second tier, then won the most unlikely of promotions to the top-flight. They beat Girona 1-0 in Sunday’s play-off final second leg with a goal deep in stoppage time. Elche had sneaked into the play-offs on the last day of the season at the expense of Fuenlabrada. Fuenlabrada’s preparations were torpedoed by 28 players and staff testing positive for the novel coronavirus. “In almost three seasons the team went from Segunda B to Primera, a meteoric rise achieved by a coach who is now part of a golden age in the club’s history,” Elche said in its statement. (Reuters/NAN) ELCHE     -      Spain’s golden era is often described as being constructed on a base of Barcelona players but the team’s future looks set to revolve around footballers from Real Madrid if the resounding 6-0 hammering of Croatia on Tuesday is anything to go by. Four of the six… September 13, 2018 In "Sports" Barcelona forward, Neymar has failed to recover from a minor ankle problem and will not be available for Tuesday's King's Cup last-32, second leg at home to third-tier Huesca, coach Luis Enrique said on Monday. Neymar missed Barca's 0-0 La Liga draw at Getafe on Saturday and has been joined… December 15, 2014 In "Sports" Madrid - Atletico Madrid striker Diego Costa refused to train on Thursday after being told that his club is to fine him for a verbal outburst in a recent defeat to FC Barcelona. Atletico and Costa’s representatives did not respond to requests for comments by several Spanish newspapers, including AS,… April 18, 2019 In "Sports"