An Ogun State Chief Magistrates’ Court sitting in Itori, Ewekoro Local Government Area of the state has sentenced a fake lawyer, Oluwagbenga Adedeji, to three years’ imprisonment. Adedeji was arrested on the court premises last week Wednesday when he appeared as a counsel for a client. The convict was arraigned before Chief Magistrate B. A. Somorin on Thursday on one count of unlawful and illegal appearance as a lawyer. The convict had first pleaded not guilty but later changed his plea to guilty when he was confronted with the evidence. Somorin sentenced him to three years imprisonment with hard labour without an option of fine. The convict was arrested during a court session as his conduct was not in tandem with that of someone called to the bar, which was noticed by the magistrate himself. He was subsequently detained at the Ewekoro Police Station, from where he was transferred to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for prosecution. Source An Abeokuta Magistrates’ Court in Isabo, Ogun, on Thursday sentenced a 47-year -old man, Omotola Ayokanmi, to three years imprisonment for impersonation. The Magistrate, Mrs Folake Ogundele, sentenced Ayokanmi after he pleaded guilty to a charge of impersonation. Ogundele sentenced the convict without an option of fine. Earlier, the Prosecutor,… July 23, 2020 In "Metro" Jos - A Jos Chief Magistrates’ Court on Thursday sentenced a 25-year-old man, Abubakar Mohammed, to one month imprisonment for impersonating as a member of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC). The Magistrate, Mr Tijanni Zololo handed down the sentence after Mohammed pleaded guilty to the crime and begged the… September 3, 2015 In "News" Kano - A Kano Chief Magistrates’ Court on Thursday sentenced three unemployed men to one year imprisonment each for being in possession of 13 pieces of one thousand naira counterfeit currency. The convicts, Sadiku Ashiru,25, Bello Ibrahim, 24, and Ibrahim Nura,25, all of Danbatta Local Government, Kano, were arraigned on… February 25, 2016 In "News"