Barcelona captain, Lionel Messi, has reportedly told the club on Sunday that he wants to leave Camp Nou this summer, according to Esporte Interativo. Messi is not happy with the lack of dedication from the Barcelona squad and the way the Blaugrana board are running the club. This follows their chaotic 8-2 defeat to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-finals on Friday night in Portugal. While the Barcelona president, Josep Maria Bartomeu is planning a massive overhaul of the club’s squad following their humiliating Champions League defeat to Bayern. Messi’s contract with Barcelona will end in June 2021. The Argentine captain can leave Barca for free once his contract expires. Messi ended the 2019/20 season as the team’s goalscorer with 31 goals and 25 assists. Meanwhile, Top Barcelona officials will hold an emergency board meeting on Monday following the team’s humiliating 8-2 Champions League quarter-final defeat by Bayern Munich, a club source told AFP on Sunday with under-fire coach Quique Setien likely to be axed. The Nation By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki - Ebonyi soccer fans have stated that Barcelona’s 2-8 massacre by Bayern Munich might signify the end of its dominance of world football alongside its Captain, Lionel Messi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Barcelona FC of Spain was humiliated 2-8 by Bayern Munich… August 15, 2020 In "Sports" BARCELONA    - When Barcelona’s Andres Iniesta was serenaded off the pitch on Tuesday following a vintage display in a 3-0 win over Juventus that was only rivalled by Lionel Messi, it was easy to forget the gloom that had gripped the Nou Camp two weeks ago. The club had… September 13, 2017 In "Sports" Spanish giants FC Barcelona have sacked Manager Quique Setien after an 8-2 humiliation by Bayern Munich in the Quarter finals of the Champion League. The club announced the sack in a statement on its website. It said: “The Board of Directors have agreed that Quique Setién is no longer the… August 17, 2020 In "Sports"