By Nicholas Obisike Enugu –   The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), national leadership on Tuesday swore-in newly-elected executives of the party in Enugu state.The newly-elected chairman of the party in the state, Mr Augustine Nnamani, was sworn-in alongside other 38 members of the state executives.Mr Anthony Mogbo, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), administered the oath of office on the new executives at the party’s state secretariat in GRA, Enugu.Mogbo performed the ceremony on behalf of PDP National Chairman, Mr Uche Secondus, and afterwards congratulated the officials for their emergence as party leaders.“I have been mandated by the national chairman to come and administer the oath of office on you,” Mogbo said.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the chairman, Nnamani and others were elected during the Enugu State Party Congress held in the state on Aug. 8.Members of the executives sworn in were, Mr Innocent Ezeoha as the Deputy Chairman, Mr Cletus Akalusi as the Secretary, Mr Patty Okoh as the Youth Leader and Mrs Vera Ezeugwu as the Woman Leader, among others.The Senior Special Assistant (SSA), to Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi on Party Matters, Mr Malachy Ugwu, witnessed the event. (NAN) Enugu  -    The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Enugu State on Tuesday elected Mr Augustine Nnamani as its chairman for the next four years. Nnamani, a former Local Government Chairman of Isiuzo, was returned unopposed through a `Yes’ vote by delegates. He polled 954 votes out of the 984… May 11, 2016 In "Politics" Enugu - Members of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Enugu State Council, have elected new executives to steer the council’s affairs in the next three years. The election was supervised by officials of the NUJ National Secretariat, led by the National Assistant Secretary, Mr Gbemiga Bamidele and National Secretary,… February 20, 2019 In "News" Lokoja - The Kogi chapter of PDP has inaugurated its new executive council with Mr Sam Uhuotu as the Chairman. Uhuotu, who was inaugurated alongside other newly elected executive members of the party in Lokoja on Friday, was elected at a party congress on Thursday. Other executive members are Mr… July 24, 2015 In "News"