ABUJA (SundiataPost) – A former minister of aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has apologised for verbally attacking Eyo Charles, Daily Trust Cross River State correspondent during a press conference in Calabar last week.There has been a nationwide outrage over the former minister’s attack on the journalist following release of the video yesterday (Tuesday).Many Nigerians and groups including the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) condemned Fani-Kayode’s action while Daily Trust, in defending its reporter, described the former minister’s action as reprehensible. However, on Wednesday, the former minister announced in a WhatsApp message sent to Sundiata Post that he met with his advisors all through Tuesday night and had decided to withdraw the word “stupid” he used in referring to the Daily Trust reporter. The full statement reads: “I met with my advisors till late last night and I wish to say the following. I hereby withdraw the word ‘stupid’ which I used in my encounter with a journalist in Calabar. “I have many friends in the media who I offended by losing my cool and using such words. I hereby express my regrets for doing so. “I do however wish to state categorically that no threat of physical harm was ever made to the journalist in question and neither did I send anyone to threaten him. Anyone that says otherwise is lying and I challenge them to bring the proof. “I would never seek to physically harm a journalist. For the last 30 years I have defended and worked with journalists and fought for the right of freedom of expression. “I am also very close to many in that profession. I would be the last to seek to disparage those that are honorable and noble within its ranks. “I hope that this will assuage the pain and anger of anyone that was hurt or offended by this ugly episode. I have now put this matter behind me and moved on. Now my tour of the South continues. Moving to yet another state today!” – FFK ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Media Trust Limited, publishers of Daily Trust, has risen in defence of its Cross River State correspondent, Eyo Charles, who was verbally attacked and threatened by former minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, during a press conference in Calabar, Cross River State. In a statement issued on… August 25, 2020 In "News" Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has lashed out at a journalist who had asked the source of funding for his recent tours In a trendy video, Fani-Kayode described the journalist as 'very stupid'. According to CableNG, The ex-minister recently took a tour of some South-South and South-East states. The… August 25, 2020 In "News" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has condemned the alleged verbal assault on the Cross River Correspondent of Daily Trust Newspaper, Mr Charles Eyo, by a former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode. NUJ President, Mr Chris Isiguzo, in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja… August 25, 2020 In "News"