Nollywood actress Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde has revealed that she and her children have tested negative for coronavirus (COVID-19). The 42-year-old made the revelation in an Instagram post on Sunday. The mother of four thanked people who sent their love to herself and her family through messages and calls. She added that people should make sure they get tested whenever they feel ill. “My kids and I are fine and COVID free now and I do not take the experience for granted at all. If you still don’t believe this virus is real, I pray you don’t experience it to believe,” she wrote. Sharing a beautiful photo of herself on Instagram, she wrote: “I am grateful to God Almighty the Lord of lords for all He has done for my family and I. He is truly a dependable Friend if you trust in Him. I’ll also like to thank you all for your love, prayers, calls, messages, posts and thoughts. All truly appreciated. My kids and I are fine and COVID free now, and I do not take the experience for granted at all. If you still don’t believe this virus is real, I pray you don’t experience it to believe. If you ever feel ill during this pandemic, pls know there’s nothing to fear or be ashamed of…you’re not alone. Pls get TESTED immediately, it could save your life. Many have had covid and treated it as fever, malaria etc and luckily they’ve been fine….( note that symptoms are different and viral loads vary). However, a problem with that is they have probably gone on to infect others, since they were not monitored or guided. The average span for a covid infection if not severe is 2 weeks (14 days ) when you should totally isolate so as not to infect others. Make sure to use vitamins – VitC (1000ml) , vitD and Zinc daily and please WEAR A MASK. Please maintain physical distancing, wear a mask properly and wash your hands regularly. I’ll also like to thank the amazing lead Dr who treated me, Dr Folarin Opawoye and Finally , my husband whose Love and Faith nursed us back to health. To God Alone be all the Glory. Thank you all.” The Nation Barely a week after she revealed on her Instagram page that she has tested positive for coronavirus, screen diva, Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, has recovered from the deadly disease, Vanguard reports. The 42-year-old actress made this known yesterday, on the popular filmmakers’ WhatsApp group, Filmic, while reacting to the debate on how… August 23, 2020 In "News" According to a report by The PUNCH, a domestic worker, Oyindamola Alexander, has lost her job while being treated for the coronavirus disease, which she claimed to have contracted from her boss’ son. It was learnt that while Oyindamola was receiving treatment at the Lagos isolation centre in Onikan, the… April 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Recounting how she started her journey in Nollywood, Sonia said it was all good till she met Mercy Johnson.   Nollywood Actress, Mercy Johnson Okojie has come under attack on social media over her attitude to fellow actresses in the entertainment industry. It all started when Sonia Ogiri made an Instagram post… September 3, 2019 In "Entertainment"