By Martha Agas Jos  – Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, has condoled with the Deputy Speaker of the House Representatives, Mr Idris Wase, over the death of his elder sister, Hajiya Aishatu Idris. Lalong’s condolence message was contained in a statement by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham, and made available to newsmen on Sunday in Jos. He described the deceased as “a good woman and a very dependable sister” to members of her immediate family and her community through her charity and mentoring programmes. He said her death was a big loss to her family, especially Wase, whose counsel he benefited from during critical moments of his career. He urged the Deputy Speaker and members of his family to accept her demise as the will of God, while calling on those who benefited from her love, mentorship and benevolence to emulate her by extending same to others. He said such gesture would serve as a way of honouring her memory and preserving her legacies. The governor also prayed God to grant her soul eternal rest and the family, the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. (NAN) By Martha Agas Abuja - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau in company of Plateau Senators and House of Representatives members, have visited the family of Late Sen. Ignatius Longjan to commiserate with them on his demise, after a protracted illness. Speaking at late Longjan’s residence on Monday in Abuja, Lalong… February 10, 2020 In "Politics" By Peter Amine Jos - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has condoled the family of Ahmed Musa, Nigerian soccer star, over the death of  his mother, Sarah Moses. The footballer’s mother died on Thursday, Jan. 24, 2019. A message from the Plateau Government House in Jos, quoted Lalong as describing… January 25, 2019 In "News" By Martha Agas Jos - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has expressed sadness over the death of retired Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG) Hamisu Ali-Jos, who died in an Indian hospital after a protracted illness. Lalong in a condolence message issued by his Director of Press and Public Affairs… February 27, 2020 In "News"