Juventus have sacked head coach Maurizio Sarri a day after being knocked out of the Champions League in the last-16 stage to Lyon, Sky Sports reports. The former Chelsea and Napoli boss only took charge of Juventus in June last year, signing a three-year contract at the time, and led the side to a ninth consecutive Serie A title last month. But, Juve crashed out of the Champions League on Friday, going out on away goals after drawing 2-2 on aggregate. It is the first time Juventus have failed to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League since 2015/16 under Massimiliano Allegri. Lazio manager Simone Inzaghi is among the front-runners to replace Sarri after guiding his team to fourth in the table and Champions League qualification for the first time in 13 years. Inzaghi, whose contract at Lazio is up next summer, was in contention for the Juve job a year ago before the club appointed Sarri. According to Sky in Italy, Lazio president Claudio Lotito would not stand in Inzaghi’s way should he wish to leave but would ask for a fee to let him go.Mauricio Pochettino, who has been out of work since being sacked by Tottenham in November last year, has also been linked with the role. Pochettino told Sky Sports News in May: “I love England. My idea is to keep living in London but at the same time, I am open to different countries, to listen to see what happens.” Despite winning the league, Sarri has been under pressure as Juventus managed their lowest points total of the last nine title-winning seasons, finishing just one point above Inter Milan. Speaking after Friday’s game against Lyon, Juve president Andrea Agnelli told Sky in Italy: “This season’s balance is bittersweet, we had a great result winning the ninth championship, but the performance in the Champions League has been disappointing for everyone. “The Champions League is not a dream, it’s an objective. We need to be disappointed to exit the competition like this, we will take a few days to evaluate how to restart with fresh enthusiasm. “We have a few goals that need to be met, both domestically and internationally. We will need to make a few evaluations to understand how to start the next season with the will to work and win on any pitch. Source Milan (Italy) - Lazio will attempt to chalk up their ninth consecutive league win when they visit lowly Brescia on Sunday as they threaten to turn Serie A into a three-horse race. Third-placed Lazio have moved six points off the leading pair of Inter Milan and Juventus with a game… January 3, 2020 In "Sports" Rome - Juventus missed the chance to clinch an eighth consecutive Serie A title on Saturday as SPAL stunned them by coming from behind to win 2-1 at the Stadio Paolo Mazza. It was SPAL’s first victory over Juve in 62 years. Massimiliano Allegri’s side, already on 84 points, knew… April 13, 2019 In "Sports" MILAN   -    Inter Milan ended a six-season absence from the Champions League on Sunday when they produced an extraordinary fightback to win 3-2 at Lazio and push their opponents out of fourth place in Serie A. The fixture list had pitted the two sides on the final day of… May 21, 2018 In "Sports"