By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu Awka  –  A medical expert, Dr Chinonso Egemba, has urged the public to always sit back andhold their phones at eye level, rather than bend their necks to prevent spinal cord or joint problems later in life.Egemba, who is popularly known as ‘Aproko Doctor’, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka on Friday,that people use their mobile phones for four to five hours on an average, with their neck bent.According to him, such posture hurt the neck bones and may cause joint problems later in life.He said “your head is bent forward, with your shoulders curved. You should probably learn to sit back,put your head straight and continue reading on your phone.“The head of an average adult weighs about five kg, and it sits on the neck which is made of bones connected toeach other and stacked on each other.“Ideally, the weight of the head should not cause any problems, but when you bend forward, the amount of pressureput on the neck bones can increase to support the weight of the head at an unnatural angle.“For every inch you tilt your head forward, you increase the pressure. This can lead to muscle strain, spinal cordproblems, nerve pain and pinched nerves pain.”He advised that one should hold the mobile phone at eye level, take breaks when using the mobile phone and stretchthe neck from time to time.“When working on a phone or a laptop, try to look at something 20 feet away for 20 seconds every 20 minutes.“It might not always be practical because some people work in small rooms. Just look at something far from you. It iscalled the 20:20:20 rule, it will help to reduce the strain on your eyes.“And if your neck is hurting more than usual, please speak to a doctor.” (NAN) By Felicia Imohimi Abuja,   -      Prof. Titus Ibekwe, Consultant Surgeon, Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital, Gwagwalada, has warned that cell phone addiction causes noise induced hearing loss. Ibekwe gave the warning in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… September 9, 2018 In "Health" ABUJA - Mrs Oladunni Ladipo, a physiotherapist with the National Hospital, Abuja, on Wednesday said early diagnosis and management helps in the development of skills and talents of children with Down syndrome. Ladipo said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. She said that… February 18, 2015 In "Health" Enugu -   Some medical practitioners in the South-East have warned that people addicted to cell phones risked hearing loss. They made this known in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). In Owerri, a medical doctor, Dr Charles Obi, identified hearing loss as the most common issue… September 11, 2018 In "Health"