Several persons were feared killed on Sunday morning, following a bloody clash at Emene, Enugu involving members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) and security agents. A witness said trouble started at about 7.00am when some police personnel stormed an IPOB gathering at Community Secondary School Emene and attempted to disperse the group and make arrests. The encounter was said to have turned bloody when the Biafra campaigners overpowered the security agents and went ahead to sack Emene police station. It did not take long before about a dozen patrol vans loaded with well armed security agents comprising police, army and DSS arrived the scene and turned their guns on the IPOB members. In the ensuing confrontation, sounds of gunfire and teargas fumes filled the axis between St Patrick Secondary School and St Joseph Catholic Church along the old Abakaliki Road. Witnesses said that the premises of St. Patrick Secondary School was “flowing with blood” as fleeing IPOB members were pursued into the school. Scores of persons who were on their way to 7.00am mass scampered for safety while those already in the Church had to endure tear gas fumes that enveloped the entire environment. Meanwhile, Emene was still tensed as security agents flooded the area, restricting movement of persons and vehicles as they searched for IPOB members. Neither the Enugu State Police command nor the IPOB leadership, had spoken on the issue. (Sunday Sun) facebook sharing button Sharetwitter sharing button Tweetlinkedin sharing button Sharewhatsapp sharing buttonemail sharing buttonpinterest sharing button Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law (Intersociety), has written the Police Service Commission to dismiss  Enugu State Police Commissioner, CP Ahmad Abdurrahman and also carry a thorough investigation over his role in the massacre of dozens of unarmed citizens at the Community… August 28, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Uchenna Inya  The Divisional Police Officer of Kpirikpiri Police Division, Ebonyi State, CSP John John, on Sunday evening, escaped death when members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and security agents clashed at Oguzoronweya Primary School, Ebonyi Local Government Area of the state. IPOB members were said to… October 29, 2019 In "Metro" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Fresh battle over the true legal representation of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mr. Nnamdi Kanu, has created uncertainty over the state of his ongoing trial at the Federal High Court (FHC) sitting in Abuja. Two legal practitioners, Mr. Gabriel Egbule… January 18, 2016 In "Top Stories"