By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna  –  Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Monday appointed new members of the management team and boards of some agencies, as part of continuous efforts to strengthen Kaduna State government structures.A statement by Special Adviser on Media and Communication, Mr Muyiwa Adekeye, said that new Executive Directors and a Secretary had been appointed to Kaduna Internal Revenue Service (KADIRS), to work with the Executive Chairman, Dr Zaid Abubakar.The statement listed Jeremiah Adams, Mohammed Lawal and Simeon Kato as Executive Directors of KADIRS, while Aysha Mohammed was named as the Secretary/Legal Adviser.It said that Ishaya Anka had been named chairman of Local Government Service Board and Magaji Sadiq, Mahmud Zailani and Cecilia Musa are Permanent Members representing Zone 1, Zone 2 and Zone 3 respectively.Adekeye said that Dan Ndackson had been appointed as Chairman of Pensions Bureau, while Prof. Salamatu Isah was appointed the Executive Secretary of the Bureau.‘“Dr Zayyad Tsiga is now the Executive Secretary of Kaduna State Residents Registration Agency and Abdullahi Bayero is the General Manager of Kaduna Agricultural Development Agency (KADP), while Usman Danbaba is Special Assistant to the Governor,’’ the statement read.According to the statement, Dr Suleiman Tahir is now the Chairman of Kaduna State Industrialisation and Micro Credit Board and Mustapha Shittu is the Executive Secretary. (NAN) Barely 24 hours after he was deposed as the Emir and banished from Kano, Governor Nasir El-Rufa’i of Kaduna State, has appointed Malam Muhammad Sanusi II into the board of the Kaduna Investment Promotion Agency (KADIPA). A statement from Sir Kashim Ibrahim House said that, “the appointment is part of… March 10, 2020 In "News" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Gov. Nasir El-Rufai has approved the appointments of seven new Permanent Secretaries and senior officials for five agencies. This was contained in a statement byMuyiwa Adekeye, Special Adviser, Media and Communication to the governor and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… August 20, 2019 In "News" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Thursday inaugurated two new Governing Boards of agencies to scale up the administration’s institutional reforms. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the two new agencies are the Kaduna State Planning and Budget Commission and the Kaduna… April 11, 2019 In "News"