The Federal Government has approved N10billion as a palliative for transport workers and operators. According to the Minister of State for Transportation, Sen. Gbemisola Saraki, the fund will help cushion the sufferings encountered by road transport workers and operators as a result of the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. She also noted that the fund is currently domiciled with the Federal Ministry of Trade, Industry, and Investment adding that her ministry was currently working on the modalities for its disbursement. The Minister disclosed this during a courtesy visit by the President of Public Transport Owners of Nigeria Association (PTONA), Engr. Isaac Uhunwagho, and the association’s National Executive Committee and Trustees in Abuja. This is contained in a statement signed by the Director of the Press of the ministry, Eric Ojiekwe. Saraki, while stating that 90 percent of Nigerians travel by road, said that the federal government will soon initiate a master plan that will reform the sector. On the challenges operators face from State governments and other stakeholders, she assured that she will discuss the issues through the National Transport Commissioners Forum. The Minister also revealed that she is in talks with the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing on the concessions of some routes with the aim of increasing the government’s revenue. She further urged them to avoid duplicity and formalize their structures in an organized manner for better engagements, with the ministry and other relevant agencies. Earlier, Engr. Uhunwagho pleaded for COVID-19 financial palliatives for its members to prevent their businesses from folding up. He explained that members of the association were the worst hit during the lockdown introduced by the federal government. According to the President of PTONA, members of the association felt the impact of the lockdown the most as their branded buses could not operate due to the ban on interstate travel. He also lamented that despite PTONA members being the major investors in the transportation sector, it is ironic that their companies are the prime target for state and local government authorities who impose taxes, levies, and other ridiculous conditions on their members. The Nation By Lucy Ogalue Abuja - The Federal Government has approved N10 billion to cushion the sufferings encountered by road transport workers and operators as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Minister of State for Transportation, Sen. Gbemisola Saraki, disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja. Saraki made… August 26, 2020 In "News" •Hon Rotimi Amaechi, Transportation Minister The impact of covid-19 on international shipping has been harsh. And it is not likely to go away in the next two years, just as the dreaded pandemic won’t. In the face of dwindling revenues from oil, Nigeria should now be turning to the marine… June 16, 2020 In "Opinion" The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has revealed it has started reviewing the guidelines for lifting of the ban on interstate travels. The revelation was made on Monday. Speaking at the daily press briefing of the PTF in Abuja, the National Coordinator of the task force, Dr Sani Aliyu, said… June 24, 2020 In "News"