Juba  –  At least 127 were killed and 32 others injured when soldiers clashed with civiliansrefusing to be disarmed as part of a peace agreement in South Sudan, the army said on Wednesday. “Among the dead are 82 civilians and 45 soldiers,’’ army spokesman Lul Ruai Koang said in a statement. The death toll has risen sharply since Tuesday, when the United Nations placed the number of dead at about 70. The UN meanwhile sent a peacekeeping patrol to assess the security situation, with the mission working to prevent furtherconflict and support local reconciliation and peace-building efforts. On Sunday, clashes erupted when soldiers of the South Sudan People’s Defence Force tried to disarm civilians in the townof Tonj East in Warrap State as part of a recent peace agreement. “Some civilians refused to hand over their guns at a market, with a number of bystanders joining the fight that ensued. “The fighting quickly spread to nearby villages, with armed civilians attacking an army base in the nearby town of Romic onMonday morning,’’ Koang said. The disarmament of civilians is part of a peace agreement signed between South Sudanese President Salva Kiir andopposition leader Riek Machar in February after many months of negotiations. Kiir and Machar agreed to form a government of national unity in which both hold key leadership positions. So far, a partial unity government has been formed and state governors have been appointed but parliament hasyet to be reconstituted. (dpa/NAN) Juba - At least 38 people were killed during clashes between soldiers and civilians refusing to be disarmed as part of a peace agreement in South Sudan, officials said Tuesday. Clashes erupted when soldiers of the South Sudan People’s Defense Force tried to disarm civilians in the town of Tonj… August 11, 2020 In "Foreign" Johannesburg   -    The UN said on Wednesday that armed groups in South Sudan have released more than 200 child soldiers as part of an agreement that will see almost 1,000 children released over the next few months. UNICEF said the children were disarmed in a ceremony in a village in… April 18, 2018 In "Foreign" Juba,   -     The UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) has facilitated the release of 128 child soldiers from a disbanded rebel group in Yambio located in South Sudan’s southern region of Western Equatoria. According to a statement by UNICEF, some 90 boys and 38 girls were released from the South Sudan National… August 7, 2018 In "News"