Moscow  – The Philippines will likely receive an approved COVID-19 vaccine for mass use in the second quarter of 2021, an official said. Rowena Guevarra, the Undersecretary for Research and Development of the Philippine Department of Science and Technology, said this in Moscow on Wednesday. “If we are talking about availability en masse, we believe this is going to be happening in the 2nd quarter of next year,” Guevarra said. Guevara said that she was referring to several vaccines, including the ones from Russia, China’s Sinovac and those expected to be included in the World Health Organisation’s Solidarity Trial for vaccines. The Philippines has so far confirmed 169,000 COVID-19 cases and more than 2,600 related deaths. About 113,000 people have fully recovered from the disease. With confirmed COVID-19 cases worldwide surpassing 9 million and continuing to grow, scientists are pushing forward with efforts to develop vaccines and treatments to slow the pandemic and lessen the disease’s damage. Some of the earliest treatments will likely be drugs that are already approved for other conditions, or have been tested on other viruses. “People are looking into whether existing antivirals might work or whether new drugs could be developed to try to tackle the virus,” said Dr Bruce Y. Lee, a professor at the CUNY Graduate School of Public Health & Health Policy. Many of the drugs being developed or tested for COVID-19 are antivirals. These would target the virus in people who already have an infection. (Sputnik/NAN) Manila, May 26, 2020 (dpa/NAN) Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says schools will remain closed until a vaccine for the novel coronavirus is ready. Without a vaccine, sending children to school “spells disaster,” Duterte said during a late-night television address on Monday. “I will not allow the opening of classes where… May 26, 2020 In "Foreign" A coronavirus vaccine will not be available before the end of the year, a a World Health Organisation (WHO) expert has said. There were hopes in Britain that a Covid-19 vaccine being developed by researchers at the University of Oxford could be ready by Christmas as the disease continues to… July 23, 2020 In "Health" By Cecilia Ologunagba ABUJA - The World Health Organisation and the UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF), have warned of alarming decline in the number of children receiving life-saving vaccines around the world because of COVID-19 pandemic. WHO, in a statement posted on its website, stated that the decline was due to… July 16, 2020 In "Health"