By Abiodun Esan Ilorin –   Fifteen patients that have tested for the COVID-19 were discharged from the Infectious Disease Centre, Sobi, in Ilorin Mr Rafiu Ajakaye, the Spokesman of the State Technical Committee on COVID-19, who made this known in a statement on Friday said five new cases of the virus were also recorded in the last 24 hours. Ajakaye, also the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, said that this was the situation as at 9.59p.m on Thursday. He said 15 patients were discharged having tested negative for the dreaded virus twice. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the state now has a total of 945 confirmed cases of the virus. According to him, out of the 945 confirmed cases, 778 patients have been discharged, leaving 142 active cases in the state. Ajakaye said that 5,024 tests were conducted, while 4,033 tested negative with 25 deaths recorded so far in the state, and 46 tests were pending. NAN reports that the virus has now spread to 12 local government areas of the state. The local governments were Ilorin West, Ilorin South, Ilorin East, Moro, Offa, Oyun, Irepodun, Asa, Oke Ero, Edu, Ifelodun and Ekiti. NAN also reports Isin, Patigi, Kaiama and Kosubosu local government areas have not recorded any case of the dreaded disease. (NAN) By Abiodun Esan Ilorin -Eleven new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic were recorded in the last 24 hours in Kwara. Mr Rafiu Ajakaye, the Spokesman of the State Technical Committee on COVID-19, made this known in a statement on Sunday in Ilorin. Ajakaye, also the Chief Press Secretary to the… August 23, 2020 In "Health" By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo Ilorin - Kwara State has recorded 13 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number of infections in the state to 235. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the state also recorded five deaths while 131 patients were discharged. Mr Rafiu Ajakaye, Chief Press Secretary to… June 30, 2020 In "Health" Two patients receiving treatment for coronavirus in Kwara state have been discharged from the hospital. Raji Abdulrazaq, commissioner for health, broke the news in a tweet on Thursday afternoon. “I am happy to announce to you all that we just discharged two index cases of #COVID19 in Kwara State after… April 16, 2020 In "News"