A policeman identified as Inspector Hosea Yakubu allegedly beaten to a pulp by soldiers for driving against traffic has died in the hospital he was rushed to. A brother of the late Hosea, who spoke to The PUNCH on condition of anonymity, said, “My brother and two other policemen drove against the traffic because of gridlock and when they got to the Eleme Petrochemical gate, a soldier in mufti stopped them and an argument ensued, which degenerated into a fight. One of the soldiers , who joined the fight, used a thick plank to hit my brother in the head and he fell down and couldnt move. “He was subsequently rushed to the nearest hospital from where he was referred to the UPTH and admitted to the ICU . “After 24 hours on admission, he gave up. Up till now , neither the police nor the military have said anything or taken action to bring the culprits to justice. ” Watch video below: Policeman who was beaten to pulp by soldiers for driving against traffic with their patrol van, gave up the ghost in hospital in Port Harcourt . Follow @mediagist for more exclusive updates. A post shared by @ mediagist on Aug 25, 2020 at 10:26am PDT Source “Aunty, I’m not coming to school tomorrow. The police killed my father.” – Emmanuel Jumbo-Ochigbo When six-year-old Emmanuel Jumbo-Ochigbo got into the blue-coloured Golf hatchback to school in the morning of Wednesday, March 20, it was like any other day – bright and sunny. Emmanuel jumped into the back seat… March 28, 2019 In "Opinion" ABUJA - A member of the Intelligence Response Team, Inspector Sanni Habeeb, who survived the attack by soldiers, who killed three policemen and two civilians, has narrated how he narrowly escaped being murdered during the incident. Habeeb, 38, explained that the soldiers attached to Battalion 93 shot the driver of… June 17, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - A Week after the slaying of pro-Biafra demonstrators in Onitsha, details of how the mass killing was coordinated by security forces have emerged. PREMIUM TIMES has obtained an insider account by a whistleblower, who is an operative of the State Security Service. The same whistleblower had reached out… June 13, 2016 In "News"