By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja  – Kogi State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology has shifted the closing date for the registration of Internal Examinations for Primary Six and JSS3 students in the state from Aug. 18 to Aug. 28, 2020. The internal examinations are: 2020 Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE), Common Entrance Examination (CEE) and First School Leaving Certificate Examination (FSLCE) for exit classes. Permanent Secretary of the ministry Emmanuel Idenyi disclosed this at a meeting with the leadership of All Nigerians Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPSS), Kogi chapter, on Wednesday in Lokoja. According to the permanent secretary, the meeting aimed to review the level of preparedness for the internal examinations in the state by all the relevant stakeholders. He said that the ministry had fixed Sept. 28 for the commencement of the BECE across the state. He, therefore, urged the all exit class students sitting for internal examinations in the state to intensify effort on their revision and also ensure they registered on or before the new deadline. He said: ”after series of appeals from ANCOPPS and relevant stakeholders, the ministry has no option but to extend the registration for all internal exams till Aug. 28, 2020, which includes: BECE, First School Leaving Certificate, and Common Entrance Examinations. ”The detail of the time table of the exams would soon be released, and there will be no further extension for the registration.” The permanent secretary urged students, parents and schools’ heads of both public and private schools in the state to adhere strictly to the new development. Earlier, the State’s Chairman of ANCOPSS, Mr Robert Awodi, said they were in the ministry to appeal for further extension of registration deadline for the internal exams by two weeks to pave way for more eligible candidates. (NAN) By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - Kogi State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, has announced Aug. 18, 2020, as deadline for the registration of all Internal Examinations for Primary Six and JSS3 students in the state. The internal examinations are: 2020 Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE), Common Entrance Examination (CEE)… August 5, 2020 In "Education" Lagos- The Registrar, West African Examination Council (WAEC), Dr Iyi Uwadiae, on Tuesday pleaded with the Federal Government to give the examination body an opportunity of conducting  the Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE). Uwadiae made the appeal in Lagos at the opening ceremony of the 63rd Annual Council Meeting of the… March 25, 2015 In "News" Ilorin- Kwara Government has released the results of 2016 Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) for Junior Secondary Schools in the 16 local Government areas of the state. The State Commissioner for Education, Mr Musa Yeketi, disclosed this on Wednesday in Ilorin at a meeting with members of the management of… October 5, 2016 In "Education"