By Florence Onuegbu Lagos –   Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu has confirmed the appointment of Dr. Emmanuella Zamba as the substantive General Manager, Lagos State Health Management Agency (LASHMA). Sanwo-Olu, in a statement issued on Monday by the Lagos State Head of Service (HoS), Mr Hakeem Muri-Okunola, said that her confirmation as substantive General Manager was in recognition of her hard work and achievements since assuming the leadership of the Agency a few months ago. He said that before her formal confirmation as the substantive General Manager of the agency, Zamba had served as head of the agency in an acting capacity since March 24, 2020. The governor congratulated the general manager on her confirmation, and urged her to continue to raise the bar, particularly on the State Health Insurance Scheme. He said that the State Health Insurance Scheme represented a critical pillar of the T.H.E.M.E.S Agenda and a significant milestone in the state government’s obligation to Lagos residents. (NAN) By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) says it will intensify screening of inbound and outbound passengers at the international airports. Mr Sam Adurogboye, General Manager, Public Relations, NCAA, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Friday that the authority has adequate screening… February 28, 2020 In "News" By Folasade Adeniran Lagos - Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu was one Wednesday sworn in as the 15th Governor of Lagos State. Sanwo-olu was sworn in at 11.15a.m., after his deputy, Dr Obafemi Hamzat was sworn in earlier by the Chief Judge of Lagos, Justice Opeyemi Oke. He arrived the Tafawa Balewa… May 29, 2019 In "News" By Olanrewaju Akojede Lagos - Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday approved the appointment of Oluwatoyin Bolowotan as the new Director-General of the Lagos State Sports Commission (LSSC). The Director of Public Affiars, Titi Oshodi in a statement in Lagos said Sanwo-Olu also approved the disengagement of Babatunde Bank-Anthony as… June 21, 2019 In "News"