Beijing  – China and the U.S. have agreed to hold trade talks “in the coming days” to evaluate the progress of their Phase 1 trade deal six months after it took effect in February, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. Ministry spokesman Gao Feng made the comments at a weekly briefing held online, but did not elaborate. They followed on Tuesday’s remarks by White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows that no new high-level trade talks were scheduled, though both sides were in touch about implementing the Phase 1 deal. The deal, reached on Jan. 15, and seen as a major breakthrough after a two-year long trade dispute between the world’s two largest economies, set ambitious targets for China to sharply boost purchases of U.S. farm and manufactured goods. However, ties quickly soured in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic and China’s imposition of a new national security law in Hong Kong. Both sides traded threats and sanctions on individuals and businesses, such as Chinese video platform TikTok. Official data also suggests China’s imports of U.S. farm and manufactured goods, energy and services are well behind the pace needed to meet a first-year target increase of 77 billion dollars over 2017 purchases. China’s purchases have increased as its economy recovers from this year’s coronavirus lockdown. On Tuesday, U.S. President Donald Trump told newsmen he had postponed an Aug. 15 review of the trade pact, in frustration over Beijing’s handling of the virus pandemic. (Reuters/NAN) Beijing - China’s Vice Premier Liu He, head of the country’s negotiation team in Sino-U.S. trade talks, will sign a “Phase 1” deal in Washington next week, the Commerce Ministry said on Thursday. Liu will visit Washington on Jan. 13-15, said Gao Feng, spokesman for the commerce ministry. Negotiating teams… January 9, 2020 In "Business" Beijing     -       China and the U.S. will hold vice-ministerial level trade talks in Beijing between Jan. 7 and 8 to end a dispute that is inflicting increasing pain on both economies and roiling global financial markets. The two nations have been locked in a trade war for much of the… January 4, 2019 In "Foreign" Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign"