The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has proposed to carry out drug tests for single ladies before embarking on marriages. NDLEA Chairman, Mohammed Mustapha Abdalla, made this known on Friday, August 21, while destroying seized illicit substances in Maiduguri. Abdalla said drug tests may be included in premarital screenings due to the increase in rate of drug addiction among girls and married women. The NDLEA boss said the target of illicit trafficked drugs which hitherto used to be among the male youthful population was fast expanding to now include teenage girls, young women and old married women. “As an extension of the proposed Drug Integrity Test Policy for the public servants, the agency is considering partnering with religious leaders to make drug testing a prerequisite for marriages in churches and mosques as the case for HIV/AIDS”, he said. He said the essence of the event was to ensure that all seized illicit drugs were put out of circulation, adding that 19,234.58 kilograms of illicit substances including controlled prescription drugs, cannabis sativa, cocaine and heroin were destroyed. It was reported that the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) had reported in 2018 that drug use was found between the North and South geopolitical zones. Source By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), on Tuesday in Lafia destroyed 11,669 kilogrammes of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances worth about N1.65 billion. According to Justice Arinze, Commander of NDLEA in Nasarawa State, the exhibits were seized from dealers in the state. He said… December 10, 2019 In "Health" Katsina-The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Monday said it had arrested 480 suspects for drug-related offences in Katsina state. The NDLEA Commandant in the state, Hajiya Maryam Gambo, who disclosed this in Katsina while briefing newsmen on the activities of the command, said that the suspects were apprehended… August 24, 2015 In "News" By Martins Abochol Jalingo - The Chairman, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Col. Muhammad Abdallah (retd), says President Muhammadu Buhari has approved recruitment of 5,000 personnel for the agency to boost its manpower. Abdallah made the disclosure on Friday at the Public Destruction of Drug Exhibits by Taraba Command of… July 19, 2019 In "Top Stories"