Controversial journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has claimed that she has a s3x tape of Davido’s lover Chioma with his signed artiste, Peruzzi. She threatened to release the tape after a post made by Chioma infuriated her. Kemi Olunloyo insisted that she is yet to forgive Davido for disrespecting her adding that she has told him his life story. She took to her Instagram page and wrote: “I may have forgiven Davido to all of you but I haven’t forgotten how he insulted me and never said the one simple word for his tweet: SORRY! It was utter disrespect. I don’t forgive people. That is just a lie to pacify you. I just forget. I will truly NEVER FORGIVE DAVIDO PERIOD! I don’t need anyone’s opinion. I am not his mate and already told him his life history. Chioma should just shut up and not step on my toes before I deal with her MERCILESSLY the rest of this 2020.” “ I hope Chioma Rowland didn’t write this. If I start with her and why she has never been able to enter the United States and post her sex video with Peruzzi her “cousin” you won’t like it. Be warned! Davido is not her husband yet either. Looks like Davido typed this. You two idiots just think because Ibiyeomie arrested me, anyone can. You think journalists make up stories. Some of you don’t even know why my case was withdrawn. Adeleke money cannot buy you a US visa nor prevent Coronavirus. Face your life and the marriage you are missing.” “If Davido wanted to marry you, he would have. Chioma stop being clueless. I’m even older than your parents. If they don’t have wisdom, go fucking learn it or get my words into your head. Don’t step on my toes. Stay in your lane. Aloma has already done his job. Let sleeping dogs lie. I have more serious things at hand. All your celebrity friends have been begging me for you idiots from Tiwa to Samklef. I repeat stay on your own lane. Your money means NOTHING.” “You haven’t achieved one damn thing in your life young lady. Rented a Porsche for your birthday, you can’t drive, broadcasted a cooking show, you can’t cook nor launched it yet calling yourself a Chef without training. Let me stop or if I continue it will be a bad FALL season for you. Not your baby daddy’s hit song but September to December 2020 is called Fall season in America. I need nobody’s feedback. Until someone insults your mother to go oil her pussy in front of 9 million people you won’t understand. Don’t ever use innuendos with me. It doesn’t work. Davido and Chioma fuckn stay on your own lane. The End.” I may have forgiven Davido to all of you but I haven’t forgotten how he insulted me and never said the one simple word for his tweet: SORRY! It was utter disrespect. I don’t forgive people. That is just a lie to pacify you. I just forget. I will truly NEVER FORGIVE DAVIDO PERIOD! I don’t need anyone’s opinion. I am not his mate and already told him his life history. Chioma should just shut up and not step on my toes before I deal with her MERCILESSLY the rest of this 2020. I hope Chioma Rowland didn’t write this. If I start with her and why she has never been able to enter the United States and post her sex video with Peruzzi her “cousin” you won’t like it. Be warned! Davido is not her husband yet either. Looks like Davido typed this. You two idiots just think because Ibiyeomie arrested me, anyone can. You think journalists make up stories. Some of you don’t even know why my case was withdrawn. Adeleke money cannot buy you a US visa nor prevent Coronavirus. Face your life and the marriage you are missing. If Davido wanted to marry you, he would have. Chioma stop being clueless. I’m even older than your parents. If they don’t have wisdom, go fucking learn it or get my words into your head. Don’t step on my toes. Stay in your lane. Aloma has already done his job. Let sleeping dogs lie. I have more serious things at hand. All your celebrity friends have been begging me for you idiots from Tiwa to Samklef. I repeat stay on your own lane. Your money means NOTHING. You haven’t achieved one damn thing in your life young lady. Rented a Porsche for your birthday, you can’t drive, broadcasted a cooking show, you can’t cook nor launched it yet calling yourself a Chef without training. Let me stop or if I continue it will be a bad FALL season for you. Not your baby daddy’s hit song but September to December 2020 is called Fall season in America.  I need nobody’s feedback. Until someone insults your mother to go oil her pussy in front of 9 million people you won’t understand. Don’t ever use innuendos with me. It doesn’t work. Davido and Chioma fuckn stay on your own lane. The End. #kemitalkscelebrities A post shared by  Dr Kemi Olunloyo#Kemitalks (@kemiolunloyo) on Aug 19, 2020 at 6:16pm PDT Source Controversial self-acclaimed journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has taken a swipe at Davido’s Chioma following reports of the DMW boss welcoming a fourth child with another lady. Kemi who is popularly known for criticising everything the singer does has reacted to the news of his fourth child. Kemi in her statement stated… June 9, 2020 In "Entertainment" Just when you thought the drama is over between Davido, Peruzzi, Chioma and King Patrick; controversial journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has just dropped another bombshell. This will be the second time the controversial journalist is speaking about the ongoing drama, and this time, she stated that Chioma’s many secrets are about… January 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Social media personality, Kemi Olunloyo, likes to express herself unapologetically. In an interview with Sunday Scoop, Olunloyo talked about her birthday wish and sex life. She said, “My birthday wish wasn’t fulfilled. I told Naira Marley I wanted to ‘get down’ with Jude Chukwuka, the actor he gave N1m. I… August 16, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds"