The Senator representing Imo East Senatorial district, Senator Ezenwa Onyewuchi has called on security agencies in the country to respect the sanctity of life and fundamental rights of citizens. Sen. Onyewuchi spoke against the backdrop of a violent clash between a group of young people, said to be members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and security operatives at Emene in Enugu that left some of the youths dead. Addressing journalists in Abuja over the killings of the youths, the lawmaker said that a situation where defenceless South East youths in their prime are mowed down by security agents is totally unacceptable. He called on the federal government to institute a high powered investigative inquiry into the Emene killings. Sen. Onyewuchi also urged youths in the South East to continue to be law abiding even in the face of provocation and await the outcome of investigation into the matter. He further demanded that those found culpable must be made to face the full weight of the law. Sun News •Ike Ekweremadu ABUJA - The immediate past Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu has confirmed a physical assault on him by some members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra, IPOB, in Nuremberg, Germany, on Saturday.Enweremadu confirmed the attack in a statement released by his Media Assistant, Uche Anichukwu… August 17, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate Minority Leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe has expressed displeasure over the killings of Igbo youths in Emene, Enugu state last Sunday by Security operatives saying the constancy of the killings has given room to wide suspicion of a sinister motive. He also warned… August 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" ADO-EKITI - Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose, has condemned the killing on Monday of over 30 Igbo protesters, who were mainly members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and Movement for the Actualisation of Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB), saying it appeared that President Muhammadu Buhari was turning the people… June 1, 2016 In "Top Stories"