By Olajide Idowu  Osogbo –The Police Command in Osun has warned private school owners in the state planning to reopen school for all students, under the cover of partial reopening to exit classes for the purpose of writing examinations, to desist from such action. The police command in a statement by its Spokesperson, SP Yemisi Opalola in Osogbo on Tuesday, said any private school owner found reopening school for all classes would face the full wrath of the law. “The command has been reliably informed that some private school owners are planning to reopen schools for all students under the cover of the partial reopening to exit classes for the purpose of writing examinations. “The partial reopening applies only to schools that have registered for WASSCE and to students in exit classes; students in SS3 and JSS3 classes who will be sitting for the examinations, beginning from Aug. 17, 2020. “The Federal Government has not approved the reopening/ resumption of schools for all students. “Therefore, any private school found operating under the cover of the partial reopening of the exit classes will face the full wrath of law,” the police warned. (NAN) As the dust raised by the news of the Federal Government reversal of its earlier decision to reopen schools for examination classes in primary 6, JSS3 and SSS3, is yet to settle down, the Minister of State for Education Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba issued a statement last Friday, 17 July 2020… July 21, 2020 In "Opinion" The news of the approval by the Federal Government of Nigeria that SSS3 classes should reopen on August 4, 2020, to enable the students prepare for their final examinations is a welcome development. This development which exemplifies government’s responsiveness to public opinion is very commendable.  In a statement released by… July 28, 2020 In "Opinion" There is little doubt that unlike in some other states, education policy makers, executors and managers in Oyo State worked very hard to be in a state of preparedness for the anticipated reopening of schools closed in March 2020 across the nation due to the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic. It is,… July 14, 2020 In "Opinion"