By Kevin Okunzuwa  Benin  –  Mr Osagie Crusoe, Special Adviser on Media and Communication Strategy to Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo, says his re-election, will bolster the state’s economy to tackle the vagaries of the post-Coronavirus (COVID-19) era. Osagie gave the assurance in a statement, a copy of which was made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Benin on Tuesday. He said that as world leaders grappled with the economic realities occasioned by COVID-19 and rejigged policies to assuage the impacts, Obaseki has initiated Making Edo Great Again (MEGA) manifesto. Osagie said the PDP candidate in the Sept. 19 gubernatorial election had designed socio-economic policies contained in MEGA manifesto that would address the challenges arising from the pandemic. He said: “Our manifesto is alive to the challenges of today and the future, with specific policies and programmes tailored to reflate and stimulate the state’s economy. “In our manifesto, a section is devoted to post-COVID-19 economy. In that section, the governor said that he would be running a post-COVID-19 economy after the election. “This would task our resolve to restart the economy even as we push for an economic stimulus package to resuscitate businesses, sustain livelihoods and hold the economy together. “In essence, our focus would be on supporting businesses with low interest loan facilities; strengthening the productive sector by prioritising the Edo Production Hub Initiative and pursuing more impactful policies in the agricultural sector.” He said the reforms in the Edo State College of Agriculture and Natural Resources and the Edo State College of Education would be sustained under Obaseki’s second tenure. The special adviser said the administration would source for more partners to pull in resources to groom youth in the state for global competitiveness. “We will leverage on our assets at the Edo Innovation Hub to migrate more of our people, especially workers and businesses to the digital space, because much of human activities will be done online going forward. “We will increase investment in the health care system while ensuring the statewide rollout of a responsive and well-managed health insurance scheme. “Obaseki is an economist and an expert in resource management. “He will not rely on consultants to know what economic policy can fittingly address the state’s several socioe-conomic challenges,” he added ( NAN) BENIN - The All Progressives Congress and the Governor Godwin Obaseki administration in Edo State are set for a showdown over the APC primary  election holding  today (Monday)  in the 192 wards of the state. The   Edo State APC governorship election committee headed by the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, which on Sunday released… June 22, 2020 In "Politics" A leading governorship aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has described as illogical, the argument put forward by Governor Godwin Obaseki to support his preference for indirect mode of governorship primary election on June 22. He insisted that the direct… June 9, 2020 In "Politics" •Governor Godwin Obaseki Ahead of the June 22 governorship primary election of the All Progressives Congress in Edo State, Governor Godwin Obaseki has insisted that there would be no direct primary in the state, stressing that only indirect primary could hold in the state in accordance with the rule gazetted… June 7, 2020 In "Politics"