The leader of the INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Primate Elijah Ayodele has told Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodinma to prepare for the worst as the legal battle to remove him is not over yet. Primate Ayodele predicted that the Supreme Court may review and reserve its judgment, which pronounced Uzodinma governor of Imo State. The clergyman said he doesn’t know how it will happen but the governor needs to act immediately to prevent the unthinkable from happening. In a statement he forwarded to DAILY POST, the clergyman said: “In what seems to be the most fearful prophecy of the year, I have called the attention of the governor of Imo state, Hope Uzodinma to get prepared for a tough time. “There will be a review of the Supreme Court judgment that put Hope Uzodimna as Imo State Governor. He must not relent so that he will not see challenges. “I don’t know how it will happen but that is what I saw. I saw the judgment being challenged, reviewed and reversed. “Hope Uzodinma should be careful because something funny may happen. He should get prepared for a review of the Supreme Court judgment”. Recall that the Supreme Court had recently sacked Emeka Ihedioha of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, while declaring Uzodinma winner of the last governorship election in Imo State. Source Controversial Catholic priest Rev.Father Mbaka who on the 31st December 2019 crossover service held at his adoration ground gave some supposed words of prophecy that caused confusion in Imo State .though the governor said he was less concerned about the prophecy of the Catholic priest. He declared: that “Many things… January 13, 2020 In "News" Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev Fr. Ejike Mbaka has insisted that his prophecy against Governor Emeka Ihedioha of Imo state must come to pass. Mbaka, during the December 31, 2019 Passover night at his Adoration ground had said that the Holy Spirit ministered unto him that Senator… January 6, 2020 In "News" •Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB leader By STANLEY UZOARU, Owerri OWERRI - As the people of Imo await the outcome of the Supreme Court review of electoral judgements regarding Governor Hope Uzodinma and former Governor Emeka Ihedioha on Monday, Igbo separatists, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), has warned that nothing but… March 2, 2020 In "News"