The First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has been flown out of the country to Dubai, in the United Arab Emirate. Although the office of the First Lady could not confirm the reason for her trip, there are strong indications that Mrs Buhari may be receiving medical attention in the Arab country. The First Lady, who was last seen in public during the Eid-el-Kabir prayers with her family at the Aso Presidential Villa in Abuja, reportedly left the country after the celebration. One of the aides of the First Lady who spoke on Friday night confirmed that she was flown to Dubai eight days ago. The source said the First Lady had been complaining of neck pain for several weeks and decided to seek help abroad following the ineffectiveness of drugs prescribed by her Nigerian doctors. “The neck pain deteriorated shortly after she returned to Abuja from a trip to Lagos in July after visiting Florence, the widow of former Oyo State governor, Abiola Ajimobi, who died of COVID-19 complications on June 25. “She first experienced the health challenge during the 2019 Presidential election campaign and she sought treatment abroad afterwards. However, recently the pain returned and was even worse than the first time. So, she was flown out last week. It was indeed a medical emergency,” the source said. Another source close to the First Lady disclosed that the president’s wife called him immediately she landed in Dubai last Saturday. However, Aisha Buhari’s Media aide, Aliyu Abdullah, said he was not aware of his principal’s trip to Dubai. Abdullah said: “I have not been to the Villa for the last two weeks so I cannot say for sure if she is in the country or not. However, I can categorically tell you that there is no emergency.” The President’s wife also travelled out of the country for several weeks last year to treat an undisclosed ailment. Source: News Express By Nkechi Odoma Nigeria has had its fair share of first lady drama. Ordinarily the position is more of a ceremonial one that has no constitutional recognition but ever since the late Maryam Babangida stepped in as first lady, there was not going to be a dim in the spotlight… June 14, 2016 In "Opinion" A report by Vanguard has shown that about 48 hours after alleged shooting at the Presidential Villa, Aso Rock, Abuja, the First Lady, Dr. Aisha Buhari, on Saturday, said her security details arrested in connection with the Thursday incident had neither been released nor replaced. Aisha insinuated that the security… June 14, 2020 In "News" Mr Show Yong, Dep. Amb of the Chinese Embassy in Abuja and Hajiya Hajo Sani, representative of First Lady, Aisha Buhari receing the equipment By Lizzy Okoji and Ahmed Ubandoma Abuja - Prof. Peng Liyuan, First Lady of the People’s Republic of China, has donated medical equipment to Nigeria’s First… July 15, 2020 In "News"