By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti  – The Ekiti House of Assembly has confirmed the nomination of former Ekiti Labour Party Chairman, Mr Akin Omole, and seven others as commissioners-designate. The unanimous confirmation took place during Tuesday’s plenary presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funmiyi Afuye. Also confirmed were Chief Oladiran Adesua (Ekiti East), Mr Akintunde Oyebode (Ikole), Dr Olabimpe Aderiye, (Ido/Osi), Alhaja Maryam Ogunlade (Emure) and Dr Oyebanji Filani (Ikole), Olabode Adetoyi (Moba) and Mrs Iyabo Fakunle-Okhieme (Ilejemeje). During the screening, the Deputy Speaker, Hakeem Jamiu and and another lawmaker, Adeyemi Ajibade, had asked Adetoyi, being agricultural entrepreneur and expert, how he intended to transform the state from being agrarian to a viable commercial agricultural state. The lawmakers hinged their questions on the need to promote food security during post COVID-19 era. Adetoyi said: ’’ If the governor assigns the Ministry of Agriculture to me, I will ensure supervision of agricultural activities from the point of production to marketing to encourage commercial agriculture and attract investors to the state. “The country and Ekiti in particular can make her agricultural sector the main source of developing her economy,” he said. The House also confirmed Mr Febisola Adewale as Commissioner, Ekiti Local Government Service Commission and Prof. Femi Akinwumi as Chairman, Ekiti Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB). The House at its Tuesday’s plenary also approved the request of Gov. Kayode Fayemi to appoint seven Special Advisers. The motion for the approval was moved by the Majority Leader, Chief Gboyega Aribisogan, and seconded by Mr Deji Ajayi (APC-Use/Orun Constituency). The House adjourned plenary till Thursday. (NAN) Ekiti state Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi on Tuesday reshuffled his cabinet. Following the reshuffling, he has released a list of seven new commissioner-nominees to the State House of Assembly. The Speaker of the House of Assembly, Hon. Funminiyi Afuye read the names of the nominees on the floor of the… August 19, 2020 In "Politics" By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti - Ekiti House of Assembly on Tuesday unanimously passed the bill for the establishment of State Lands, Housing Mortgages Board after it went through the third reading at plenary. The passage followed the adoption of the report of the House Committee on Lands and Housing submitted… August 18, 2020 In "Politics" Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti - Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi has forwarded the names of 14 commissioner nominees to the House of Assembly for screening and confirmation. The nominees include: Dr Adio Folayan (Efon), Dr Moji Kolade,(Oye), Moji Fafunre (Ikole), Messrs Emmanuel Daramola, Olabode Folorunsho, (Ilejemeje) Bamidele Faparusi,(Gbonyin), Gbenga Agbeyo,… April 2, 2019 In "Politics"