By Salisu Sani-Idris  Abuja – The FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu has assured that the FCT Administration would intensify commitment to ensure continuity and sustainability of all ongoing Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) projects in the territory. In a statement by Special Assistant on Media to the Minister, Mr Austin Elemue, on Tuesday in Abuja, Aliyu gave the assurance at the opening ceremony of the National Council for Women Societies (NCWS), annual gender advocacy and sensitisation summit on the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). She was represented by the Deputy Director in charge of gender, Mrs Josephine Adigwe. The minister noted that the SDGs programmes in the FCT like every other part of the country, were aimed at bringing development to the people that are challenged, especially those in rural communities. The minister, who commended the leadership of NCWS, called for a specialised dialogue between critical stakeholders at national and state levels , to influence policy for effective implementation of SDGs across the 36 states and FCT. She said that the FCT Administration was making efforts in ensuring that all the out of school children especially the girl-child was brought back to school with more investment in the education sector. “The FCT Administration will intensify its passion and commitment across board to ensure continuity and sustainability of all ongoing SDGs projects in the territory. “The SDGs programmes in FCT like every other part of the country are aimed at bringing development to the people that are challenged, especially those in rural communities”. Also speaking, the National President of NCWS, Dr Gloria Shoda, said it was imperative for women to be part of the planning, implementation and monitoring of all schemes and strategies of the SDGs for the desired results in terms of gender balancing. “We have the power to re-write the gender inclusiveness narrative in this country. “The impression that women can easily be replaced must be consigned away. We must make ourselves irreplaceable. “We can contribute in our respective ways and magnitude. Women shape the beauty of tomorrow. “We must contribute to fight for equity in allocation of opportunities,” she stated,“she said. (NAN)