By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja
(Sundiata Post) – Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law
(Intersociety) has said that the present
official statistics about the spread of coronavirus and its percentage in the
country particularly among the country’s ruling class is doubtful and
therefore calls for the World Health Organization- supervised comprehensive
tests to be conducted and carried out on Nigeria’s public office holders, their
families and associates. Intersociety
said the call for WHO supervised test is predicated on the fact that the present
Governments at all levels in Nigeria, particularly the country’s Presidency,
have been living with ‘lies’ and ‘dishonesty’ including that concerning the
true health records of the country’s President. The above
was the position of the Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of
Law, as contained in a statement signed by its five principal officers: Emeka
Umeagbalasi, Head of the Organization, Chinwe Umeche, Esq., Head of Democracy
& Good Governance, Obianuju Igboeli, Esq., Head of Civil Liberties &
Rule of Law, Ndidiamaka Bernard, Esq., Head of Int’l Justice & Human Rights
and Comrade Sam Kamanyaoku, Head of Field Data Collection & Documentation. The
statement reads in full: There is a
very urgent need for the World Health Organization supervised comprehensive
tests to be conducted and carried out on Nigeria’s public office holders, their
families and associates. This will not only be done to truly ascertain the
number of infected persons among the country’s ruling class who are already
infected with the Coronavirus, but also most importantly to stop the spread of
the virus to other Nigerians. Such comprehensive tests under demand must not be
solely left in the hands of Nigeria’s Ministry of Health and its Center for
Disease Control or done using ‘the WHO’s test mode’. This firm
demand of ours stems from the fact that most Nigerians and international
observers do not believe the
present official statistics about the spread of the virus and its percentage in
the country particularly among the country’s ruling class. This is more so when
present Governments at all levels in Nigeria particularly the country’s
Presidency have been living with ‘lies’ and ‘dishonesty’ including that
concerning the true health records of the country’s President. Unless the
World Health Organization’s supervised tests are comprehensively carried out on
the referenced, otherwise most Nigerians will continue to disbelieve ‘the tested negative’ mantra of the
Federal Government among members of its Presidency. The World Health
Organization under UN System must therefore consider the country’s explosive
population, its ‘functional failure’ and ‘regime dishonesty’ and rise to the
occasion by coming to the country’s urgent rescue. Nigeria must be put in the
list of ‘highly potentially explosive Coronavirus infected poor countries with
explosive populations’; otherwise the country may most likely be worse than ‘Italy
and Spain’ in coming weeks. Aided by
near total absence of functional system including age-long decadence in
healthcare facilities, energy, ICT and its data mining technology and
expertise; there is a general apprehension that ‘Government of the day is being
economical with the truth’ concerning the scourge and its spread. By
independent estimate, ‘Nigeria may be home to over 80,000 Coronavirus infected
persons’, deposited or spread from the country’s ruling class and their
returnee families and other traveler Nigerians. The independent
estimate is derived from the Nigeria’s Minister of Information announcement via
a recent press conference that “4,370 persons of interest are being tracked by
the Government over suspicion that they are likely to have contacted the virus
(with concomitant high speed spread)”. This further means that at average
contact or virus transfer of each of the suspected 4,370 infected persons to at
least 20 other citizens, over 80,000 persons are most likely to have been
infected. Also owing to the country’s poor data and its management, only
persons linked to Government in Nigeria are most likely to be on the tracking
list. The affected
persons among the Nigerian ruling class needing the WHO-supervised urgent tests
include the President and the Vice President and members of their nuclear
families, the Presidential Media crew, members of the ‘positive tested’
Presidential Chief of Staff’s family and his staff, the domestic staff and
residents of ‘Aso Rock’, members of the Federal Executive Council and their
families, the Chief Justice of Nigeria and his family and the rest of the 172
top Federal Judicial officers including the immediate past President and the
Acting President of the Court of Appeal. Others are
the Chief Judge of the Federal High Court and that of the Federal Capital
Territory and their families, the Inspector Gen of Police and his family, the
Service Chiefs including the Chief of Army Staff and their families, the 469
Federal lawmakers, their principal officers and families, the 36 State
Governors, their deputies and families including Govs of Kogi, Nasarawa,
Katsina, Kano, Abia, Kaduna, the 372 top State Judicial officers including
State Chief Judges, Presidents of the Customary Court and the Grand Kadis and
their families, the 1,152 State House of Assembly lawmakers, their principal
officers, over 2,700 top State executives and their families,  head of the Dangote Group and as well as
‘other persons of special status and interest’ who are close to corridors of
power in Nigeria or any part thereof. A Case Of President
Buhari’s Chief Of Staff A clear case
in point was the President’s Chief of Staff, Mr. Abba Kyari who was confirmed
or tested positive to the virus. As one of ‘the presidential depositors and
distributors’ of the virus, he was likely to have first spread it in Aso Rock
and as some say, ‘Aso Rock demigod’, many members of the ruling class must have
come in contact with him almost on daily basis particularly since his recent
return from some highly Coronavirus infected countries. Not done, he
traveled to Kogi State Government House where he met with the Governor and
members of his family and State Executive Council. The President’s Chief of
Staff later traveled to Nasarawa State to attend the IGP’s family marriage
ceremony of IGP, Abubakar Adamu where he not only came in contact with IGP and
his family and associates but also went to a Mosque in the State where he was
said to have come in contact with the likes of a head of Dangote Group and Govs
of Kastina, Kano and notable others. The
Presidential Chief of Staff was also said to kmhave gone to the Abuja Mosque
for worship; among other face-to-face contacts including handshakes and hugs
with other members of the country’s ruling class, their families and
associates. Totality of these happened before the Chief of Staff was tested
positive. This further means that hundreds, if not thousands must have come in
contact with him. Intersociety
had on 25th March released a detailed statement, highlighting the positive and
negative sides of the Coronavirus in Nigeria-which included forcing the
country’s 17,500 public office holders to stay back at home for the first time
in the past 22 years or since 1998, to live with or be confronted with the
‘hell’ they created called the ‘battered Republic of Nigeria’. It was further
estimated that many members of the country’s ruling class are likely to have
been infected by the virus with many others at the high risk of contacting it. The
Coronavirus, first found in Wuhan Region of the People’s Republic of China, is
as at today, responsible for 597, 267 infections around the world, out of which
27, 365 have died; with total of 412, 980 in mild condition, 23,569 in critical
or serious condition and 133, 363 infected recovered or discharged. The United
States tops the list of highest infected persons with 104, 205 cases (and 1,701
deaths), followed by Italy with 86, 498 cases of infection and world’s highest
death rates of 9,134. China which originated the virus has recorded 81,394
infections and 3, 295 deaths while Spain recorded the second highest death rate
of 5, 138 and 65, 719 infections. In all this, Nigeria is crookedly credited
with “81” infections and two deaths. The virus has affected a total of 196
countries and territories, out of which 193 are members of the United
Nations.