The World Health Organisation (WHO) has conceded that technology played an important role in tackling Covid-19 (coronavirus), but emphasised privacy and security regulations must not be circumvented when gathering key information as part of the efforts. At a press conference dedicated to the pandemic held on 25 March, Michael Ryan, executive director of the body’s Health Emergencies Programme, noted the pandemic was the first this century “in which the full power of information, technology, social media, AI” had been employed. Technology was being used for communicating with communities and ensuring the accuracy of information being disseminated, he noted. But, he added a groundswell of innovation and enthusiasm must be carefully structured to deliver products and services which are truly useful for frontline workers and systems. An eagerness to help must also not spill over into breaching human rights by ignoring data protection regulations, he explained. “We do always have to have in the back of our minds, especially when it comes to collecting information on individual citizens or tracking their whereabouts or movements, that there are always very serious data protection” implications. To achieve this, he argued technology products being developed to combat the virus must “never step beyond the principles of individual freedoms” and societal right. By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi has confirmed that states in the South-East zone were yet to record any confirmed case of the dreaded Coronavirus, known as COVID-19. Umahi, who is the Chairman of the South-East Governors Forum stated this at a press briefing on Tuesday… March 24, 2020 In "News" Worried by the likely ravaging effect of the dreaded Covid 19 disease, House of Representatives on Tuesday passed with the speed of light a bill to provide emergency relief measures for Nigerians in terms of tax waiver for companies for them to keep their workers within the period of the… March 24, 2020 In "News" The media’s coverage of COVID-19 is being questioned as the disease sweeps across the world. The pandemic has severely tested national health systems and is wreaking havoc on economies and ordinary lives. How can the media constructively communicate the urgency and severity of pandemics without contributing to a climate of… March 25, 2020 In "News"