By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Supreme Court has dismissed an application filed by the Abdulaziz Yari faction of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara State, seeking to review the May 24, 2019 judgement which removed the APC from power. Recall that the Supreme Court had ruled that the APC had no candidates having failed to conduct valid primaries ahead of the 2019 general elections. The judgement had favoured the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) which has since occupied all positions contested for at the polls. However, Lawyer to Yari’s lawyer, Robert Clarke (SAN) had prayed the court to review the consequential order, on the grounds that it was wrongly made. Clarke argued that the Supreme Court should have directed the APC and INEC to conduct fresh primaries and elections in Zamfara State. He also argued that by the consequential order, the Supreme Court made it possible for the PDP to benefit from the outcome of the dispute. But lawyer to Senator Kabir Marafa’s faction, Mike Ozekhome (SAN) urged the court to dismiss the application with punitive cost. Ozekhome said the application was without merit and constitutes an abuse of the process of court. In its ruling on Friday, the Apex Court dismissed the application to review the judgement . The court also awarded the sum of N2 million against the applicant to be paid to the respondents. The judgment delivered by Justice Inyang Okoro, held that the application is vexatious, frivolous and gross abuse of court processes. Justice Okoro further held that the application lacks merit adding that the apex court lacks the jurisdiction to entertain an application seeking to review its own judgment. Huo March 26, 2020 In "Top Stories" …Says PACAC Chair Rooting for Anarchy By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Timi Frank on Friday blasted the Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC) Prof Itse Sagay (SAN) over his outburst about the verdict… May 31, 2019 In "Top Stories" Abuja - The All Progressives Congress in Zamfara state has lost its bid to have judgement against it overturned.  APC The Supreme Court on Monday rejected a request by All Progressives Congress (APC) for it to review its last judgment in which it voided the participation of its candidates in the… July 22, 2019 In "News"