By Habibu Harisu  Sokoto – Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State has urged journalists to be objective in their reportage and uphold the ethics of the profession. Tambuwal gave the charge at a civic reception organised in honour of Aliyu Mustapha Sokoto, Head of Hausa Service of the Voice of America (VOA), on Wednesday in Sokoto. He stressed the need for media practitioners to refrain from using their medium and platforms to mislead the people. The governor enjoined journalists to verify facts and ensure balance reports before publishing or broadcasting. Tambuwal noted that it was imperative for journalists to always be conscious of the sensitive nature of their operations in the society and cautioned against sensational, political and religiously motivated reports. “Journalists have great roles to play in managing security situation, crime prevention and building people’s capacity on right policies. “Journalists anywhere in the world are very important organs that can make or mar the society; so, we need to be careful not to destroy this country. “Please, continue to be patriotic as you are already and help the country in surmounting her challenges for the benefit of the entire citizens,” he said. According to him, it is unprofessional for journalists to be involve in acts capable of instigating conflicts and disunity in the country. Tambuwal reiterated commitment to provide necessary assistance to journalists in the state, to enable them to discharge their responsibilities effectively. Responding, Mustapha-Sokoto noted that government needed the support of journalists to address challenges bedeviling the country, and implored journalists to project the country positively while placing less emphasis on negative developments. He commended the gesture, describing the gathering as motivation and opportunity for him to associate with people whom he spent years without physical contacts. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the event was attended by a business mogul, Umarun Kwabo, Speaker, Sokoto State House of Assembly, Aminu Achida, government officials and community leaders, among others. (NAN)