By Edeki Igafe  Warri(Delta) – Delta Government has directed the two contractors handling phases one and two of the Warri, Uvwie and environs drainage projects one week to mobilise to site and make significant impact. Mr Ovuozourie Macaulay, Director-General (DG), Warri, Uvwie and Environs Special Area Development Agency (WUEDA), gave the directive on Thursday while inspecting the projects awarded in February. The state government awarded the project christened “Master Drainage” to China Civil Engineering and Construction Corporation (CCECC) and Levant Construction Limited. Macaulay expressed displeasure over the lukewarm attitude displayed by the contractors towards the project. He, however, did not disclose the likely repercussions for failure by the contractors to heed the government’s directive. The director general urged the firms to take maximum advantage of the dry season to get the job done in accordance with specifications. “If the advantage of the dry season is not taken to the fullest, it will be difficult to make much impact when the rain sets in. “The months of March and April are when you have to work because it will be difficult to work effectively as from May,” he said. Macaulay, a former Secretary to the State Government (SSG) added “the integrity of the job must not be compromised, I do not want shoddy jobs. “The water hyacinth, plastic bottles and various dirts flooding the canals must be removed so that it will be obvious that work has been done.” The DG said that communities would be held responsible for any dirt dumped in the canals as soon as work was completed. Marcaulay said he would be visiting the sites regularly to monitor the progess of work. Responding, the Superintendent Manager, Levant Construction Limited, Mr William Taylor, said that the company was at the preparatory stage of the work, clearing of the canal. “The observations made by the DG will be addressed accordingly and we have good cooperation from the community,” Taylor said. Also, Mr Barry Wood, on behalf of Ajamimogha/Okere community, assured the contractors of peaceful and enabling environment for them towork. Macaulay visited various sites of the contracts including Ajamimogha Bridge, Esisi Bridge, Okere Bridge and Ogboro Bridge all in Warri South Local Government Area. (NAN)