By Ibrahim Bello  Birnin Kebbi – Gov. Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State, has urged outgoing corps members of the National Youth Corps (NYSC) to take advantage of agriculture, manufacturing and mining resources by engaging in productive activities. Bagudu, who was represented by his deputy, Samaila Yombe, gave the charge at the passing out ceremony of the 2019 Batch ‘A’ corps members on Thursday in Birnin Kebbi. He advised the outgoing corps members and other graduates to avail themselves opportunities of abundance agriculture and natural resources, and engage in productive activities to enable them to become self-reliant and employers of labour. “I encourage you, therefore, to discover the vast opportunities that abound in your environments instead of joining the army of unemployed graduates. “I charge you to exploit the gold mine inherent in agriculture, manufacturing, mining and rendering of social services among other business ventures. “Be innovative, determined and well – focused, do not despise small beginnings. “The country is blessed with abundant natural resources, which if tapped and converted to finished goods are capable of making the nation great,” he said. According to him, the Federal Government is committed towards improving the lives of the people for sustainable development. Bagudu also called on the youth to strive hard to build upon the bonds of unity they established in the state. Also speaking, the state NYSC Coordinator, Mustapha Muhammed, disclosed that 2, 318 corps members were registered on camp at the commencement of the service year. “Relocation exercise saw 1, 052 moved to other states of the federation, while 355 corps members relocated into the state, thus bringing the total number of the corps members of the 2019 Batch “A” to 1, 266. “Three of the corps members bound for passing out have been approved by the NYSC, Kebbi state Governing Board for awards. “Another three will be given commendation letters, while 10 will have their service extended, eight corps members will be repeating their service for various offences contravening the laws of the scheme,” he said. The coordinator urged corps members to cherish the love and affinity they started with the host communities and engender same with Nigerians in respective of their tribe and creed. (NAN)