By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Ohanaeze Youth Council(OYC), the apex Igbo youth organization, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to reconsider the options of providing support through stimulus measures, irrespective of the denial of rumors that there is a 30 thousand Naira package for Nigerians with Biometric Verification Number(BVN). The group advocated that the Presidency should look inwardly on the remote consequences of the lockdown in many States over the increasing cases of Coronavirus disease. OYC, in a press release jointly signed by it’s President General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and Okwu Nnabuike,  expressed concern over the challenges the citizenry may face following the planned lockdown across Nigeria ”Without stimulus packages for Nigerians, hunger might drive Nigerians not to comply with the preventive measures put in place for their safety. Ohanaeze commended the proactive measures taken by Southeast Governors to checkmate the spread of Coronavirus. The group also called on Igbos, irrespective of the pains associated with the lockdown, to abide by the rules and regulations to ensure the Southeast remains safe from the killer COVID-19 pandemic. “We expect Enugu Government to do the needful and douse the tension associated with the new cases, there’s no need for Igbos to return home from the West and North during this period “We commend the efforts of various Southeast States taskforce on the need to shut down all social gatherings especially burials and weddings and churches”. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC has differed with the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III for saying yesterday that God is using the insurgency/Boko Haram to punish Nigerians for their sins. However, OYC reacting to the Sultan's comment, said that the insurgency ravaging the North East is a… February 21, 2020 In "News" UMUAHIA—OHANAEZE Youth Council, OYC, has condemned in strong terms the call by Arewa Youth Development Foundation for the dissolution of Nigeria, describing it as a big offence that warranted treasonable prosecution. OYC also condemned the demand by the Arewa Youths for Southerners in the North to leave within two weeks… July 25, 2014 In "News" Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has donated N50million to the federal government. The donation will serve as relief fund to support the Federal Government’s battle against the coronavirus pandemic in the country. Atiku, in a press statement he personally signed on Wednesday, said his contribution will help “form part of… March 25, 2020 In "News"