Commercial sex workers have raised alarm over low patronage attributing it to the coronavirus pandemic. Recall that economic and social activities have come to a halt since state governors locked down their states in a bid to stop the spread of coronavirus. Over the past week, schools, parks, markets, clubhouses and recreational centres have been deserted, upending life as most know it. And now, Sex workers in Delta State have decried the situation as patronage has dropped for fear of having contact with an unsuspecting carrier of the disease. An Assistant Manager of one of the five-star hotels on Mariam Babangida Way in Asaba, Mr. Godwin Johnson, yesterday told ThePunch that the disease had put his job on the line. A club attendant on the popular DBS Road in Asaba, who identified herself simply as Vidal, said 10 out the 22 workers at their “Rock and Roll” organisation, had been placed on standby, owing to low patronage. She said: “Since the disease hit Nigeria through Lagos State and Abuja, and government emphasised restricted access at air and seaports, and banned mass gathering, offering of social amenities and playing of danceable music at clubs drastically dropped within Asaba metropolis. The aftermath is the job insecurity we have been plunged into.” Vidal said sex workers had recorded low patronage since the outbreak of the disease as customers suddenly lost interest. Meanwhile, a proprietor of an establishment that provides accommodation, foods and drinks on DBS Road, who pleaded anonymity, was optimistic that the disease would be a blessing in disguise. She said, “We overcame Ebola, Monkey-pox, and Lassa fever as a nation. Coronavirus will not be an exception. The spread has seriously affected nightlife. Male customers have stayed away, female counterparts are lonely. There is low patronage now.” For now though, the sex workers can only deal with the cold as the pandemic takes its toll. "Please no more handshake, keep your hands in your pocket until we contain the disease”. The foregoing were the words of Governor Chibuike Amaechi in Government House, Port Harcourt four days after the first death was recorded from Ebola virus in the state. It is now like a taboo to… August 30, 2014 In "News" Olatoye Babatunde, a Nigerian student in China, has reportedly volunteered to partake in ongoing efforts towards combating the coronavirus in the Asian country. Coronavirus has killed at least 2,224, infected a staggering 76,775 people, and spread to about 28 countries across the globe, ever since the zoonotic disease broke out… February 22, 2020 In "Health" By Abiodun Azi Asaba -  Residents of Asaba, the Delta capital, have decried the increase in commercial sex activities in the city, in spite of the warning by health officials on the consequences of the vice. The residents expressed their concerns about the high rate of the menace in separate… September 11, 2016 In "News"