By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has assured Deltans that his government will spare no efforts or resources to ensure the health, safety and protection of citizens against coronavirus. This is also coming at a time he charged the citizens to observing proper hygiene adding that the World Health Orgainsation-mandated safety protocols remain the best way to protect ourselves and stop the spread of this virus. Governor Okowa disclosed this on Friday in a statement he personally signed and made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reads in full: Fellow Deltans, As you are aware, the world is currently battling with the Coronavirus, (also known as COVID-19) pandemic. As at March 16 this year, cases of COVID-19 have been reported in 151 countries. In Nigeria, there have been 12 confirmed cases with one death recorded so far. There is yet no confirmed case of coronavirus in Delta State. However, we have taken the following proactive steps to prevent the spread of the disease and stop transmission if it occurs. Some Important Facts About COVID-19 How to Protect Yourself We will easily defeat the spread of this virus if everyone sees himself/herself as a potential carrier who does not want to spread the virus. To adopt a superstitious approach as many of us do that ‘it is not my portion’ could prove to be fatal. This is no time for self-medication. If you notice at any point in time that you have fever, do not hesitate to call on the relevant authorities/ or visit the nearest hospital. I advise all Deltans to desist from publishing unverified information capable of causing panic and fear, especially on the social media. At this point, what we must fear most is the spread of false information not even the virus itself; infodemic is a greater danger than the pandemic. Deltans are, therefore, far advised to get information from ONLY official channels. Thank you for your time and attention.
God bless us all. Office of the Governor
Government House
Asaba
March 2020