By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Spain confirmed another 838 deaths in 24 hours from coronavirus on Sunday, a new daily record bringing the total number of deaths to 6,528, according to health ministry figures. The number of confirmed cases in Spain has now reached 78,797 — after the one-day increase of 9.1 percent as the country battles the world’s second most deadly outbreak after Italy. Except for a brief lull recorded on Thursday, Spain’s death toll has been rising daily. However, officials have pointed to a slower growth rate for both deaths and confirmed cases and expressed hope that the peak of the outbreak was approaching. Spain also reported Sunday that 14,709 people had been cured of COVID-19, a rise of 19.7 percent in 24 hours. Like Italy, Spain on Saturday tightened measures to contain the outbreak, ordering a halt to all “non-essential” activities. “All workers in non-essential economic activities must stay at home for two weeks,” Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez said. The health, food and energy sectors are among areas considered to be essential. An emergency cabinet meeting on Sunday was to decide on the details of the new measure. Currently, people in Spain are authorized to leave home for work if remote work is not possible, to buy food, get medical care or briefly walk their dog. Source: Arab News   Berlin/Viennab - European countries attempted to block a severe coronavirus outbreak in Italy from spreading any further on Tuesday with travel bans and warnings, as they introduced ever stricter measures to contain their own domestic epidemics. Speaking during a video conference of European Union leaders late on Tuesday, European Council… March 11, 2020 In "Foreign" By Praveen Duddu One Asian country and six European countries are among the ten most affected list of countries with coronavirus, while more European countries are witnessing a surge in cases. As many as 11 European countries are among the top 15 countries with the highest number of coronavirus cases in… March 19, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The World Health Organisation (WHO) says in the last 24 hours China has reported 1,820 laboratory-confirmed cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the total to 46,550. Dr Michael Ryan, Executive Director, WHO Health Emergencies Programme, said this in a statement posted on the agency’s website on… February 15, 2020 In "Health"