By Raji Rasak Badagry (Lagos State) – Rep. Babatunde Hunpe, representing Badagry Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, has assured his constituents of high quality job on the ongoing Gbaji-Apa-Owode Road construction project. Hunpe, in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Badagry, assured residents of the area and Badagry West LCDA that their expectations on quality service delivery, would not be compromised. NAN reports that some residents of Badagry had expressed their disappointments on the inability of the contractor handling the project, Smith Crown Nigeria Ltd., a Lagos based firm, to execute quality construction work on the road. A cross-section of the residents had complained that the Gbaji-Apa-Owode Road had become a death trap, wondering why work was slow on the highway. The lawmaker, however, assured his constituents that the expected quality of work would not be compromised if all hands were on deck to monitor and cooperate with the contractor. Hunpe said that he had been following the progress of work on the road from time to time, adding that the construction work was presently on two legs; palliative and construction proper. “This is why we requested for palliative work on the yet to be scrapped portion of the road, while construction continues on the Yeke/Ganyingbo portion now that the weather is still favourable. “I want to assure you all that we will not fold our arms or close our eyes, neither will we compromise the quality of work approved by Federal Ministry of Works for the sake of all people we are representing. “I also want to let you know that all your comments and write ups are highly appreciated, because it empowers me more to put issues concerning my people forward at the appropriate places and right time. “When Federal Government awards contracts, funds are rolled out in stages. I, therefore, call for calm so as not to discourage those who are working relentlessly for our progress and development,” he said. The lawmaker, however, appreciated all efforts of people of Badagry West for their contributions on the progress of the construction. “I want to appreciate our political leaders in Badagry West who have been assisting in the monitoring of the project in particular, Joseph Agoro. “Let me also commend Felix Godonu, the President of Hengo Badagry Youths Association and his group, who always put call across to know the true position of things particularly on the road,” he said. NAN reports that the contract for rehabilitation of Gbaji-Apa-Owode Highway was awarded at a cost of N4.366 billion on June 13, 2018 by the Federal Government. It is among the 14 road projects, valued at N185.2 billion, approved by the Federal Executive Council two years ago. (NAN)