By Kelechi Ogunleye  Abuja – Top Rank Hotel,Abuja in collaboration with Anneozeng Ogozi Aid Foundation (AOAF) and Aids Healthcare Foundation (AHF) on Sunday conducted free medical screening for staff members. Some of the medical activities carried out by the foundations were Malaria and typhoid test, Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STD), HIV/ Heptitis B screening,medications and Blood Pressure (BP) examination. Patients who tested positive to malaria and typhoid were placed on immediate medication. Mr Nicholas Yunusah, Manager of Top Rank Hotel, said that the medical screening was timely considering the health situation in the country. He said that it was imperative for hospitality staff to know their health status especially in the area of BP and HIV/AIDS. Founder AOAF, Mrs Anneozeng Ogozi, said that she was excited that the management of the hotel deemed it fit to conduct free screening for it’s staff. “ I think the Management of Top Rank understands what health is about and that health is wealth. “We have a section conducting HIV screening,malaria,typhoid test,BP test and there is a pharmaceutical section for those who proofed positive to malaria to get their drugs. “We have attended to two hundred people already so far and we are still expecting more because the ones that are here are the ones that have closed from night shift at the office. “Some of those here will have to relieve some of those on duty just so they could get screened also. “The management has said medical screening would become a regular practice in order to keep their staff fit and healthy,”she said. Ogozi said that the screening wasn’t open to staff alone but anyone who had interest in getting screened. “ It is not just the staff alone as it cuts across to their families, all their families are here for this outreach today,” she said. AHF Representative, Mr Megari Felix, said that if anyone proved positive to HIV and AIDS,the foundation aimed to enroll such persons for immediate free treatment and counseling. Mr Mohammed Adamu, a staff of the hotel said that he was glad he had the Malaria and BP screening for free. Adamu said he also got a free meditation to de-worm himself and was glad the hotel management seemed it fit to conduct the test for it’s staff without collecting a dime. Michael Isaac, a 16-year-old son of a staff member, said that he came for the screening with his dad alongside three of his siblings . “We went for the HIV , malaria and BP screening. “These are my siblings and I came with my daddy. “I feel very happy because if we go to most hospitals, like private hospitals,we will pay huge money to get the services we got today for free,” he said. (NAN)