By Kadiri Abdulrahman  Abuja – The National Association of Tour Operators (NATOP) has called on its members to adhere strictly to government’s safety regulations in the midst of the global Covid-19 pandemic. Mrs Bilkis Abdul, National President of NATOP, made the call in Abuja at a monthly meeting of the association on Sunday. She advised the tour operators to halt activities that could have a large number of people together, thereby endangering their lives. She said it was wise to keep activities in check until the threat of mass infection was eliminated. Meanwhile, tourism stakeholders under the aegis of NATOP have advised the Nigerian government and citizens to rededicate commitment to developing the local tourism industry for improved revenue. Speaking in separate interviews with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the NATOP members advised government to take advantage of the global situation to focus on domestic tourism and make it more attractive. Mrs Joy Idoko of Joy Adonai Travels, lamented that Nigeria had a lot of tourist sites that were left to rot. She said that tourism was a viable alternative to oil in terms of revenue generation and urged the different tiers of government to show sincere interest in the sector. “We have so many tourist sites that are not developed, and the security is not there. Infrastructure around the sites is not developed. “If government focuses on tourism, huge revenue can be generated and we will not need to depend on oil,’’ she said. For Mrs Love Joseph of Peaceful Sky Travels and Tours, tourism has gone beyond sightseeing to foreign countries. “Nigerians love to travel overseas because they do not value what they have. But we can make them value our domestic tourism through the way we package it. “Everyone is crying about coronavirus right now but it is the time for us to focus on, and develop our domestic tourism. “We have better sites than what they show us in Europe and other places, we only need to develop our sites to make them more attractive,’’ she said. According to Michael Mbaike, another tour operator, the Nigerian tourism sector should be well developed to attract patronage. “I am viewing the tourism industry with regards to how it is growing. How can we make it grow well? “We have to develop the product and make our people to buy it first, before selling to outsiders. “ I want us to promote domestic tourism because we will make more money from in-bound than from out-bound. “Dubai is a destination for the rich; Europe wants to be a destination for all. What kind of tourism do we want to sell in Nigeria? “We must have a people-driven movement. If we play our individual roles, government will come in,’’ he said. Amuda Ayomide of Direct Link Travels and Tour, wants Nigerians to present the country in positive light to the outside world as the first step to attracting foreign tourists. He advised government to take steps to preserve the various natural tourist attractions in the country rather than develop artificial ones. “The reason why Nigerians like to visit some countries is because those countries are presented in positive light. “We should change the narrative and begin to project the positive aspects of our country. We should develop content to ensure that our domestic sites are attractive to tourists,’’ he said. He added that the global COVID-19 pandemic was a good time for Nigerians to explore domestic tourism more. “Coronavirus is affecting the industry but it has not stopped activities. “People do not want to travel now, but it is the time to explore domestic tourism,’’ he said. (NAN)