By Dorcas Jonah  Abuja – The National Council of Women Societies (NCWS), has called on Governments at all levels to ensure all-inclusive policies that would create opportunities for women in all sphere of life. Mrs Gloria Shoda, NCWS President said this in a statement on Sunday in Abuja, to mark the 2020 International Women’s Day (IWD). The 2020 IWD theme is: “I am Generation Equality: Realising Women’s Rights”. Shoda said that the day was marked every March 8, by the United Nations and other global organisations to bring to the fore issues that affected women. The council boss said that in spite of efforts to expand the frontiers for women, there was a more urgent need to focus on women in the rural areas. She said that those in the rural areas needed inclusive policies, financial support and social structures that would aid them in making positive contributions to development of the society. According to the council boss, it is imperative to press for progress across different markers of development, especially for women, and ensure that spaces are created for them to achieve their potentials. “As the world celebrates the International Women’s Day, it is important to stress the contribution of women to national development. “But at the same time, it is an opportunity to call for inclusive policies and open space to address issues of gender parity. “This will make it easier for women to not only reach their full potentials in politics and business, but also expand the space for representation in societal integration and growth,” she said. Shoda noted that the council over the years had empowered millions of women and created opportunities for them to expand in businesses. She called for support for the NCWS to help women achieve their goals. According to her, the 2020 IWD’s theme ”I am Generation Equality: Realising Women’s Rights” is an opportunity for government at all level to deliberate on the actualisation of the right of women. ”The Generation Equality campaign is bringing together people of every gender, age, ethnicity, race, religion and country, to drive actions that will create the gender-equal world we all deserve. ”Together, we want to mobilise to end gender-based violence; we are calling for economic justice and rights for all; bodily autonomy, sexual and reproductive health and rights; and feminist action for climate justice. ”We want technology and innovation for gender equality; and feminist leadership,” She said. Shoda said the theme was apt as it called on government to pay particular attention to areas of social protection systems, access to public services and sustainable infrastructure. She said the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) could only be achieved by trans-formative shifts, integrated approaches and new solutions, particularly in the area of advancing gender equality and empowerment of women and girls. She, however, said that based on current trajectories, existing interventions would not suffice to achieve a Planet 50-50 by 2030. Shoda noted that innovative approach that disrupt “business as usual was central to removing structural barriers and ensuring that no woman, or girl was left behind. (NAN)