By Joshua Olomu Abuja – Mr Adedayo Thomas, the Executive Director, National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB), has called on its staff and Nollywood stakeholders to adhere to precautionary measures prescribed by health authorities toward preventing Corona Virus (COVID-19). Thomas made the call on Wednesday during an interactive session with management and members of staff of the board at its headquarters in Abuja. According to Thomas, the work of the officials of the NFVCB and Nollywood players require that they interact with people closely and therefore demands strict compliance with public health advisory on the COVID-19). He noted that the NFVCB as the regulator of the motion picture industry work with large numbers of people in its activities most of the times, especially in its media literacy and capacity building programmes. “The stakeholders are the reason we exist as a government regulatory body, but in serving them, we should also take precaution by abiding with preventive measures as recommended by relevant authorities. “We must avoid unnecessary loitering in crowded places and apply the use of hand-wash and sanitisers regularly, even as the Federal Government is doing everything possible to prevent the spread of the COVID-19. “The Nollywood actors and filmmakers also need to be careful, especially as they move to different locations in doing their job. “As a public institution, the NFVCB has provided hand sanitisers at our reception and other strategic places within our areas of operation for the regular use of both staff and visitors,” he said. NAN recalls that on Feb. 27, Nigeria’s Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, confirmed the index case of COVID-19 coronavirus disease in Lagos, Nigeria. Ehanire declared the first established patient as an Italian citizen, from Milan, Italy, who came into Nigeria through the Lagos Airport on Feb. 25. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) thereafter released public health advisory on the COVID-19 to Nigerians, which included frequent washing of hands with soap under running water or using alcohol-based sanitizers if water is not available. Others include covering of mouth and nose properly with a tissue paper when sneezing and/or coughing and dispose of the tissue properly immediately after use. Members of the public are also advised to avoid close contact with anyone showing symptoms of respiratory illness such as coughing and sneezing. (NAN)