By Awayi Kuje Keffi (Nasarawa State) – Alhaji Abdulrahman Maigoro, the Chairman, Keffi Local Government Council of Nasarawa State, has commended the Federal Government for including poor residents of the area as beneficiaries of the conditional transfer scheme. This, he said, would go a long way in improving on their standard of living and that of their family members. This is contained in a statement issued by his spokesman, Mr Shuaibu Muhammad, and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Keffi on Thursday. The statement said that the chairman made the commendation while playing host to the Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to Gov. Abdullahi Sule On Humanitarian and Disaster Management, Mr Imran Usman- Jibrin. Maigoro said that the people of the area would remain grateful to the federal government gesture as well as continue to pray and support President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration to succeed. According to the statement, over 1,000 vulnerable and indigent people of the local government would benefit from the scheme. “Five thousand Naira will be given to poor people as monthly stipend for three years. “We are happy to hear the news as the gesture will go a long way in improving on the standard of living of our people, especially the poor. “We will continue to support the federal government policies and programmes in order to enjoy more dividends of democracy,” the statement said. Maigoro urged the people of the area to support his administration’s policies and programmes to enable him succeed. He re-assured his determination to continue keying into people oriented projects in order to change the lives of his people positively. The chairman further urged them to live in peace and tolerate one another irrespective of their affiliations for development to thrive. Earlier, the statement quoted Jibrin saying that the visit was to officially announced to the council boss the inclusion of Keffi among other local governments in the state to benefit from the federal government intervention cash conditional transfers to the vulnerable and poor. (NAN)