The Food and Drug Administration on Sunday (FDA) has given an approval for a pair of anti-malaria drugs to be used in the treatment of coronavirus. TheHill reported that the Health and Human Services Department (HHS) said in a statement that the authorization would allow 30 million doses of hydroxychloroquine sulfate and 1 million doses of chloroquine phosphate to be donated to the Strategic National Stockpile. The doses of hydroxychloroquine sulfate were donated by Sandoz, while the chloroquine phosphate was developed by Bayer Pharmaceuticals. The products will be “((distributed and prescribed by doctors to hospitalized teen and adult patients with COVID-19, as appropriate, when a clinical trial is not available or feasible)),” HHS said. President Trump has repeatedly touted the anti-malaria drugs as a possible coronavirus “game changer,” despite warnings from health officials that not enough is known about their effects on COVID-19. Dr. Anthony Fauci, the government’s top infectious disease expert, said during a press briefing earlier this month that much of what is known about the drug is based on “anecdotal reports.” Source By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal Ilorin - The Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN) on Thursday cautioned Nigerians against using Chloroquine to protect themselves from contacting the pandemic Coronavirus causing devastation across the world. Mr Aliu Bakau, the Kwara branch chairman of PSN, gave the warning while speaking with the News Agency of… March 19, 2020 In "Health" The Nigeria Center For Disease Control (NCDC) has insisted that Chloroquine has not been approved as a cure for the coronavirus disease. The NCDC said this in a tweet on Wednesday while also warning Nigerians against self-medicating with the drug. “Please remember that the use of chloroquine and its derivatives… March 25, 2020 In "News" The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has approved the production of Chloroquine for clinical trials in the search for a cure for COVID-19. Director-General of the agency, Mojisola Adeyeye, made the announcement on Friday at the NAFDAC headquarters in Lagos. She, however, pointed out that… March 20, 2020 In "News"