The Nation reports that the Kebbi State Government has taken further measures to support the ongoing formidable fight against the raging global coronavirus pandemic. This measure is sequel to other measures that had been successfully implemented in the state by the state government. With the latest measures, entry into the state and exit out of it has both been restricted with effect from midnight yesterday. He requested airport staff, National Union of Road Transport Workers, (NURTW), National Association of Road Transport Owners (NARTO), Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), Vehicle Inspection Officers (VIOs), Nigeria Immigration Service, motor parks and travellers, to pay more attention and comply with recommended measures on ground. The governor informed the public that those infected by the virus might or might not exhibit symptoms, but warned that anyone who has been travelling to places suspected to have contact with another infected or tested positive person should immediately report or contact the number. Governor Atiku Bagudu also ordered that all schools including Islamiyya and Almajiri Schools should remain closed till further notice. In addition, all public places  have been directed to limit the gathering of people at a time, while all large gatherings have been discouraged and would be frowned at. Source According to The Nation, oil giant, Chevron Nigeria Limited (CNL), operator of the joint venture between the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation and CNL, has cleared the air over speculations that a foreign employee contracted the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) infection. In a statement by CNL’s General Manager, Policy, Government and Public Affairs,… March 20, 2020 In "News" ADDRESS BY H.E. MUHAMMADU BUHARI, PRESIDENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA ON THE COVID- 19 PANDEMIC SUNDAY 29TH MARCH, 2020 Fellow Nigerians,From the first signs that Coronavirus, or COVID-19 was turning into an epidemic and was officially declared a world-wide emergency, the Federal Government started planning preventive, containment and… March 29, 2020 In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Road Transport Employers Association (RTEAN), Lagos State Chapter, on Monday welcomed the state government’s directives on public transport to contain spread of COVID-19, promising strict adherence to them. Alhaji Abdulrahman Amusan, the Secretary of the association, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… March 23, 2020 In "News"