By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Kaduna state governor, Nasir El’rufai has banned religious services and all large gatherings as part of measures to protect residents from, and slow down the spread of the coronavirus disease. The directive was contained in a statement signed by the Special Adviser to Governor Nasir El-Rufai on Media and Communication, Muyiwa Adekeye Muyiwa explained that while no case of Covid-19 has been reported in the state so far, the government has a duty to work with all leaders and residents of the state to jointly ensure that everything is done to reduce the chance of the disease taking root and spreading in the state. The statement explained that Imams are advised not to hold Juma’at services today. “In this regard, the government is taking cue from the decision of government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the cradle of Islam not to hold such prayers in the two Holy Mosques in Makkah and Madina. “In many Muslim-majority countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the UAE, members of the public are encouraged to pray at home, and not congregate as is the practice in normal times. “The Kaduna State government hereby directs that all daily congregational prayers be suspended until the coronavirus situation is clearly contained,” the statement clarified. The statement reads, “We should learn from the experience of many Christian-majority countries like Italy, France and Germany, who suspended Church services. Pastors, as well as congregants, are expected to abide by public health advice and avoid gatherings in Churches. Other means of worship and fellowship should be adopted in much smaller numbers of not more than 10 persons, for now.” “Public health expert advice is that large gatherings of more than 10 persons are not advisable at this point, and any assembly of more than 50 persons are therefore prohibited in Kaduna State until further notice. “As part of the required containment measures, the state government has already announced the closure of all schools – all nursery and primary schools, secondary schools and tertiary institutions effective Monday, 23rd March 2020,” the state government directed. Accordingly, the state government has directed the immediate closure of the campuses of our KASU, Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic, College of Education and of Nursing and Midwifery for 30 days in the first instance. These measures, according to the statement is to contain the spread of Coronavirus, also, social gatherings at parties, bars, restaurants, night clubs, public parks and such places are suspended until further notice. The statement added, “In light of the decision to close all of our schools for 30 days in the first instance, it is logical to discourage other large, high-risk gatherings. “Government urges all citizens, including religious and community leaders, to do their duty in supporting these measures which will help in significantly protecting the larger society from the negative impacts of Covid-19.”