By Amina Ahmed Alkaleri (Bauchi) – Mr. Bappah Lulu, Vice Chairman,Ward Development Committee (WDC) in Gwaram village of Alkaleri Local Government Area in Bauchi state says free access to mobile telephone has encouraged his people to embrace family planning techniques. Lulu told News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) in Alkaleri on Wednesday that Development Partners, in collaboration with the State government, were providing free telephone service to clients, under the Child Birth Spacing (CBS) programme, for use in getting in touch with medical personnel for advice. He said that providing CBS clients free access to mobile calls had helped in addressing some misconceptions on the programme held by households. According to him, more members of the community are beginning to “accept one form of the CBS method or the other.” “People now have access to free mobile calls to doctors in case there is any challenge or emerging issues and they always receive proper counseling. “Before the introduction of the free mobile call, patients that experienced any form of discomfort while using CBS commodities blamed us as Ward Development committee. “But things have changed now as intended couples are being counseled before their marriage, and they comply,”Lulu said. Mr. Hassan Ibrahim, head of a household in Gwaram community told NAN that he had found the programme to be of immense benefit. “Just some few months ago, I and my wife decided to try one of the CBS technique, applying the natural method. “I know her circle and I am much educated on ovulation and we try to avoid mistakes,” he said. Also, a 24 year old woman, Mrs Fatima Abubakar, said she had been trying in the application of the CBS methods, but said her husband was the obstacle. She told NAN that with three live births within eight years, natural methods was applied and it worked. The Health personnel in charge of the Gwaram Primary Healthcare Center,Mrs Grace Magaji, told NAN that the CBS clinic in the area recorded an average of 60 clients monthly. “Two years ago, the attendance was not encouraging but now, we record over 60 clients monthly,”Magani said. (NAN)