Olawale Jokotoye Abeokuta –  Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun on Saturday commended private individuals, corporate organisations and religious bodies for their donations to the state government in support of its  fight against the spread of Coronavirus. In a statement he personally signed, Abiodun named high net-worth Nigerians and organisations that had given property, as well as financial and moral support to the Ogun government in the fight against COVID-19 under the aegis of COVID-19 Pandemic Support Fund. They include former President, Olusegun Obasanjo; General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye; the Chairman of BUA Group of Companies, Alhaji Abdulsamad Rabiu; and the founder of Fate Foundation, Mr Fola Adeola. “The good Samaritans responded promptly and selflessly to plea by the state government for help from well-meaning Nigerians and foreign development agencies to aid the fight against COVID-19,” he said. According to Abiodun, both Obasanjo and Adeola donated their private property in Abeokuta for use by the government as isolation centres for suspected patients of COVID-19 within the state. He said  that Adeboye donated Intensive Care Unit (ICU) beds and ventilators for the treatment of patients, and other equipment at Redeemer’s Health Centre, Mowe. The governor further disclosed that Rabiu donated N100 million as relief support and made a pledge of medical supplies to the government. Abiodun promised to ensure transparent use of all the donations and urged other well-meaning Nigerians to emulate their kind gestures. “I want to personally assure the entire citizenry of Ogun that I will ensure judicious use of these donation of funds and property towards the containment of the COVID-19 pandemic,” he said. The governor described the pandemic as a global challenge which required a collective approach to check the spread. “This pandemic poses a collective challenge and together we must join hands in fighting it. “We will confront it. We will slow it down and we will defeat it,” he said. (NAN)