By Thompson Yamput  Jos  –  An NGO, Beautiful Gate Handicap People Centre, has announced the postponement of distribution of 970 wheelchairs to the physically challenged in Jos. Chief Ayuba Burki-Gufwan, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), of the NGO, announced the pronouncement in a statement on Sunday in Jos. “We hereby regret to announce the postponment of our earlier scheduled free distribution of 970 wheelchairs to people living with disabilities in Plateau, Jigawa, Katsina, Zamfara and Abuja. “The postponment became imperative due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the need to strictly adhere to World Health Organization (WHO) and the Nigerian Government’s directives on how best to prevent and curtail the spread of the virus. “In times like this, we look up to God for succour, believing that his grace is sufficient to guide and see us through this difficult moment, ” he stated. Burki-Gufwan urged Plateau Citizens and Nigerians as a whole to collaborate with government by adhering to health tips and maintaining proper hygiene at all times. The CEO, however, regretted the inconvenience the postponment of the wheelchairs distribution might have caused beneficiaries and the public. According to him, “we will keep the public informed  on the new dates for the exercise.” (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed appreciation to the people of Plateau State, who turned out in innumerable numbers to welcome him in Jos, during his presidential campaign visit on Saturday. The Rwang Pam Township Stadium, venue of the event, was completely overrun by a sea… January 19, 2019 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Jos - Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has described Saturday’s mammoth crowd at inauguration of the re-election bid of President Muhammadu Buhari as an automatic endorsement of his candidature by people of the state. Buhari, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), was in Jos… January 20, 2019 In "News" By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The Federal Government says there is no new confirmed case from the 14 tests done from contact tracing of first reported Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said this while briefing newsmen in Abuja on Monday on the outcome… March 2, 2020 In "News"