…Debunks Allegations Against Sylva By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)
– The Bayelsa chapter of the All Progressives Congress has said that Douye
Diri is governor of Bayelsa State, who knows in his hearts and minds of our people
that he was not the one voted for and as such will bear the burden of
illegitimacy throughout his tenancy at Creek Haven, Government House,
Yenagoa. The State Publicity Secretary of the party, Doifie Buokoribo
disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday while reacting to allegation leveled
against the Minister of state for Petroleum by the Peoples Democratic Party. The statement reads in full: We have read with a sense of déjà vu a statement credited to
the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Bayelsa State Chapter, in which it claimed
All Progressives Congress (APC) National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole,
and Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, helped the
PDP win the Bayelsa State governorship election. The statement went ahead to condemn Sylva for his criticism of
the Supreme Court judgement voiding the participation of APC in the
governorship election in a recent television interview. PDP also accused Sylva of “foisting extreme violence on
Bayelsans and Bayelsa since 2015”. It claimed Sylva was responsible for the
pockets of violence in Yenagoa and Abuja following the sacking of the
Governor-Elect, Chief David Lyon. The APC in Bayelsa State considers the PDP position
irresponsible, petty and provocative. It is a clear fact that the PDP did not
win the Bayelsa State governorship election held on 16 November 2019. The APC
won that election, fair and square. The strange decision of the Supreme Court of Nigeria to
ignore the Bayelsa State electorate, make themselves the voters, and impose
another person as governor is incompatible with democratic norms. This is a
judgement without justice; this is a judgement without legitimacy. Yes. Even
though we are bound by the judgement as a legal entity, our party does not
consider the action of the Supreme Court as fair or just. As citizens, we have
the right to critique the decision of the apex court. No body or institution, not
even the governor imposed on us by the Supreme Court or his party, can deny us
that right. Legally, Douye Diri is governor of Bayelsa State, but in the
hearts and minds of our people, he is illegitimate. He was not the one they
voted for. He will bear the burden of illegitimacy throughout his tenancy at
Creek Haven, Government House, Yenagoa. As to the charges of violence, Sylva has already disclaimed
and denounced the recent protests that took place in Yenagoa and Abuja after
the Supreme Court judgement of 13 February 2020. In the specific case of
Bayelsa State, we have said it time and again that it was the PDP Government
under Governor Henry Seriake Dickson that ran a regime of heist, violence and
lawlessness since 2012. APC and its supporters were, at all times, the victims.
His puppet, “Governor Dickson II”, otherwise known as Senator Douye Diri, has
not shown any sign that he will not continue with the regime of lawlessness and
grand larceny. Clearly, the PDP statement under review points to the truth
in our position. Another confirmation of our position is the decision of
Senator Diri to take a bank loan of NGN2.9 billion for the purpose of buying
“operational vehicles for the governor, his deputy and other top government
functionaries”. Coming less than three weeks as governor, this move is
scandalous, unsympathetic and ungodly. Sadly, the Bayelsa State House of
Assembly has approved the loan request. Diri is taking the loan at a time when civil servants and
pensioners in the state have not been paid. This is a continuation of the
frivolities of the PDP government of Dickson; a major reason the people of the
state roundly rejected them at the poll. Unfortunately, Bayelsa State is in for another long haul
under an illegitimate regime that does not feel any sense of commitment to the
welfare and sensibilities of the people. This cannot be the government that the people of Bayelsa
State deserve. It cannot be the government the people voted for. DOIFIE BUOKORIBO State Publicity Secretary of the party, Doifie Buokoribo All Progressives Congress Yenagoa