By Mohammed Baba Busu  Lafia – The Nasarawa State House of Assembly has called on Gov. Abdullahi Sule to provide fire service response units in all the 13 local government headquarters of the state in order to tackle incessant fire outbreaks. Alhaji Ibrahim Abdullahi, the Speaker of the House, announced the resolution after Mr Musa Iyimoga (ZLP-Doma North) raised the issue under Matter of Public Interest. Abdullahi said the provision of fire service response units with modern gadgets would go a long way in curbing frequent fire outbreaks across the state. “I want to commend the mover of this motion and other members for your positive contributions on this issue. “We are all aware that some of our private and public structures have been engulfed as a result of fire outbreaks across the state. “Sadly, lives and properties were destroyed. As representatives of our people, there is need for us to take precautionary measures to tackle the frequent fire outbreaks. “It is in view of this that we are urging His Excellency, Gov. Abdullahi Sule as a matter of necessity to provide fire service response units in all the 13 local government headquarters,” he said. Earlier, Iyimoga (ZLP-Doma North) while raising the issue recalled that Doma market and some residential houses had been engulfed by fire last year. He called for proactive measures in the area of provision of fire service response units with modern gadgets in order to forestall reoccurrence. Mr Abel Bala (PDP-Nassarawa Eggon West), Alhaji Aliyu Dogara (APC-Wamba), Alhaji Mohammed Omadefu (APC-Keana), and Mr David Maiyaki (PDP-Karu), all supported the motion. They urged the state government to do the needful in the area of the provision of fire service response units in all the local government headquarters. The House unanimously passed the resolution, urging the government to esta blish fire service response units in local government headquarters. In a related development, the Speaker slated March 17 for deliberation on a report of the House Standing Committee on Judiciary, Ethics and Privileges. The report is on a Law to Provide for the Management of Funds of the Nasarawa State Judiciary and for Other Related Matters Therewith as presented by Alhaji Mohammed Ibrahim Alkali, the Acting Chairman of the Committee. (NAN)