The Nigerian Governors Forum (NGF) on Saturday announced the donation of N200million to the Abule- Ado Soba Relief Fund to cater for victims of the Abule- Ado explosion. The Lagos State government had set up a N2billion relief fund in the wake of the gas pipeline explosion, which claimed many lives and loss of properties with initial donation of N250million from the state government into the fund. While announcing the NGF donation during the on-the-spot assessment of the site on Saturday, the chairman, Nigerian Governors Forum, Dr Kayode Fayemi, accompanied by Kano and Edo States governors, Umar Ganduje and Godwin Obaseki respectively, said the donation was a collective contributions from the NGF, promising each state would further donate to the fund. He commiserated with the state and commended the state governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu for his quick response to the situation. ” The Nigerian Governors Forum saw the need and urgency to have on-the- spot assessment so we can report back to the larger house. Our colleagues wanted us to have a sense of the extent of damages done here. “I want to thank Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu who have brought us here. Our mission is to commiserate with Lagos State government and people of the state particularly who were affected by this incident. Life is critical to us. “There is a lot we have learnt about indiscriminate construction of buildings along NNPC pipeline. This is an opportunity to do something about NNPC pipeline across the country,” he said. ” There have been lots of pipeline damages that have resulted in loss of lives. We would make recommendations as NGF on how to tackle this perennial problems. “Any loss of lives is unfortunate. We thank God it happened on a Sunday. We are aware of the relief fund and have the authority of my colleagues to contribute to it. “We are contributing N200million to the relief fund. I want to offer our condolences to the lives that have been lost. We pray for avoidance of such incident in the future,” he added. The Nation