By Tolu Aiyegbusi Abuja – The Post Master General (PMG) of Nigerian Postal Services (NIPOST), Dr Ismail Adewusi, has urged District Postal Managers (DPMs) to help government drive sustainable development goals. Adewusi gave the charge while addressing the DPM’s at a 2-day interactive meeting between the PMG and DPM’s in Abuja. The PMG said that the DPMs should see themselves as agents of change of the new NIPOST and urged them to have a drive toward the expectation of postal service in Nigeria. He stressed the need for a new NIPOST that would provide quality service in line with best global practices, an agency that would help the government drive sustainable development goals. He noted that his first meeting with the DPMs since assumption of duty recently was to take stock of their performances since they embarked on a transformation agenda. “The focus of this gathering is to review performance and operational procedure. “Exchange ideas on improving operational efficiency using the right working tools “Fashion out other businesses NIPOST can embark on,’’ he said. He disclosed that NIPOST under his watch would try and provide the right working tools to upgrade their ways of doing business due to the advent of information and communication technology (ICT). He added that the global economy was changing and this must be integrated in NIPOST and urged all the participants to be part of the transformation. He called on all the DPMs to embrace discipline, honesty and sincerity of purpose to improve the image of NIPOST which had been a butt of public criticism in times past due to sharp practices. Adewusi also lamented the poor conditions of service of NIPOST staff members and said an increase in its generated revenue could help address the issue if they could work hard in increasing its revenue. He said he was hopeful that at the end of the meeting NIPOST workers would see themselves as change agents who would help in restructuring the postal service in Nigeria. Similarly, the Chief Operating officer (COO) of NIPOST, Mrs Nwakama Lauretta, while addressing the DPMs expressed gladness at the gathering which afforded the opportunity to discuss issues of great importance. She urged the participants to come up with ways of blocking revenue leakages and other ways of partnership that could help boost NIPOST’s revenues. She also urged participants to reach out to existing subscribers and encourage them to renew their subscriptions regularly. “ Private Mail bags (PMB) and Post Office Boxes are one major source of revenue of NIPOST, the supervisors in mail offices should reach out to owners of PMB’s for evacuation and renewal of subscriptions regularly. She called on the poorly performing zones to work harder and directed those giving NIPOST a negative image to desist. “Go back to your district offices and work on improving service delivery. “Poor service delivery has given NIPOST a negative stigma and led to loss of revenue; acts of negligence from supervisors and offenders would no longer be tolerated. “It is sad to note that some of you have carried on business as usual and businesses that are very unusual; this ugly trend must stop,’’ she said. (NAN)