By Sani Abdulrahman  Kaduna – The Nigeria Communications Commission (NCC), on Friday pledged to tackle cyber crimes and e-fraud through enlightenments and protection of consumers for the betterment of the nation’s economy. The Executive Vice Chairman of the NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta, made the pledge at the ongoing Kaduna 41st Kaduna International Trade Fair. The theme of this year’s fair is: ‘Unlocking Nigeria’s Economic Potentials through Regional Integration.” Danbatta was represented by Hajiya Amina Shehu, the Director of Zonal Operations of NCC. He said telecommunication services are critical to the overall socio-economic well-being of any nation and needs to be protected against cyber crimes and e-fraud to boost the economy. “Telecommunication provides a technological foundation for societal communications and plays a critical role in the fundamental operations of a society, from businesses to government to families. Danbatta noted that the theme of the fair is very apt as it avails opportunity to educate and inform consumers on initiatives taken by the Commission to ensure telecommunication services got to the unserved and underserved areas of the country. “Businesses have particularly taken advantage of sophisticated telecom systems such as video conferencing, video calling and online-marketing to improve productivity, better customer services and increased growth, which invariably have lifted the Nigerian economy extensively,” he said. “One of the issues affecting telecoms consumers, which the commission has proffered solution to is cyber crime and e-fraud – this is any criminal activity in which computers or networks are used as tools, target or place. “The commission recently organized a Cyber Security enlightenment programme where telecom stakeholders were enlightened on cybercrimes and dangers associated with it,” he said. Danbatta advised all telecommunications consumers not to open unfamiliar emails, or post personal identification information online or save their passwords online. He told consumers to understand that their banks would never ask for their personal detail via the internet. “In the event of any unfortunate circumstance, contact your bankers immediately to block your account and also inform your mobile service provider for further actions,” Danbatta said. (NAN)