Chris Cuomo, the CNN anchor and brother of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, announced Tuesday that he has tested positive for coronavirus after experiencing a fever, chills and shortness of breath. The journalist said he is feeling well and will continue to anchor his nightly show from his basement, where he is quarantining away from the rest of his family. Amid the severe coronavirus outbreak in New York, Gov. Cuomo has been a regular guest on his brother’s CNN show, where the two have peppered brotherly banter into their exchanges on the Empire State’s response to the global pandemic. The interviews have been conducted remotely and it was not immediately clear when the two brothers were last in physical contact. Chris Cuomo wrote on Twitter that he received a test after he said he was exposed to multiple people who tested positive for the virus. He is among many other journalists who have contracted the illness. “I just hope I didn’t give it to the kids and Cristina. That would make me feel worse than this illness!” Cuomo posted on Twitter. “I am quarantined in my basement (which actually makes the rest of the family seem pleased!) I will do my shows from here. We will all beat this by being smart and tough and united!” The CNN anchor’s announcement came just before his governor brother began his daily press briefing, where he told reporters that there are over 75,000 cases of coronavirus in New York and 1,500 deaths in the state. Asked about his brother’s diagnosis, the governor took the opportunity to gently rib his brother and warn the general public. “He is young, in good shape, strong — not as strong as he thinks, but he will be fine,” Gov. Cuomo said. “But there is a lesson in this. He is an essential worker, member of the press. He has been out there. If you go out there, the chance that you get infected is very high.” The governor also recalled chastising his brother two weeks ago against having their mother visit him. Recalling their conversation, Gov. Cuomo said his brother had told him that their mother felt cooped up in her apartment, a sentiment the governor characterized as well-intentioned but dangerous. “Sweet guy. And now he’s quarantined in the basement but he is funny as heck. He says to me even the dogs won’t come downstairs,” the governor said. “My brother’s smart, he was acting out of love. Luckily we caught it early enough. But, it’s my family, it’s your family, it’s all of our families.” Source: politico.com The number of confirmed coronavirus cases in the United States topped 100,000 on Friday as infections quickly spread to new areas of the country. As of Friday evening, the US has at least 100,013 known cases of coronavirus and 1,545 people have died, according to CNN's tally of cases reported… March 28, 2020 In "News" BY ANNIE KARNI, KENNETH LOVETT, GLENN BLAIN Former Gov. Mario Cuomo, gravely ill at home with a bad heart, was no longer responsive by the time his son Gov. Andrew Cuomo gave his inauguration speech Thursday in Manhattan. But knowing how much the former governor looked forward to that day,… January 3, 2015 In "Foreign" Australia's home affairs minister confirmed Friday that he tested positive for the novel coronavirus, less than a week after meeting with Attorney General William Barr, senior White House adviser Ivanka Trump and other White House officials. In a statement, Minister Peter Dutton said that he woke up on Friday morning… March 13, 2020 In "Health"