Kobe Bryant, late US basketball legend who died early this year alongside his daughter, has had his towel sold for over N12million ($33,000) at an auction. Bryant wore the towel over his shoulders during his farewell speech after his final National Basketball League. With the towel draped around him to help mop up his sweat, the Los Angeles Lakers superstar closed his speech with his signature phrase, “Mamba Out.” A fan got hold of the towel as Bryant walked off the court at the time. It was then sold several times before the latest online auction. The winning bid on Sunday was $33,077. The buyer also received two used tickets to the April 13, 2016 Lakers game. Bryant scored 60 points in the Lakers’ 101-96 win over the Utah Jazz that night. Speaking about the sale, Jeff Woolf, president of Iconic Auctions, told American news broadcaster CNN that the winning bidder is famous for having a large Lakers memorabilia collection. “He is a devoted Lakers fan,” Woolf said. “His long-term plan is to create a museum in southern California.” Bryant died in January at age 41 in a helicopter crash near Los Angeles that killed eight others, including his daughter Gianna. Bryant played his entire 20-year NBA career with the Lakers. The superstar guard led the club to five NBA titles during his stay. He was an 18-time NBA All-Star and the 2008 NBA Most Valuable Player and also helped the United States capture Olympic gold in 2008 at Beijing and 2012 in London. Source Late basketball legend Kobe Bryant in action during his playing days NBA legend Kobe Bryant died Sunday in a helicopter crash in suburban Los Angeles, celebrity website TMZ reported, in an accident confirmed by police that saw five people killed. Los Angeles County Sheriff’s officials said there were no survivors… January 26, 2020 In "Sports" Basketball Legend and LA Lakers star Kobe Bryant died on Sunday in an helicopter along with his 13 year old daughter Gianna. In his last words prior to his death, he had taken to his twitter handle @KobeBryant to congratulate fellow Basketball Star, Lebron James who had broken his points… January 27, 2020 In "Metro" Calabasas (U.S) - Kobe Bryant, one of the NBA’s all-time greats whose international stardom transcended basketball, was killed on Sunday in a helicopter crash near Los Angeles along with his 13-year-old daughter. They died along with seven others on board, officials said. The 41-year-old Bryant rocketed to fame as an… January 27, 2020 In "Foreign"