ABUJA – The Comptroller-General of Immigration,  Muhammed Babandede, has tested positive for coronavirus. The CG, who disclosed this in a WhatsApp message to Punch correspondent this morning (Sunday), explained that he is already on self-isolation since he returned from the United Kingdom on March 22. The PUNCH later called him on phone and Babandede confirmed the development. He stated, “Today, I tested positive for COVID-19. I have been on self-isolation since my return from UK on Sunday 22nd of this month with British Airways in Lagos. “I urge my loved ones, Immigration Officers and Nigerians to pray for me and all those affected.” Babandede urged immigration officers to continue working with his deputy to move the service forward. He added, “It is a very difficult time but we can’t change what God destined for us. “I urge officers to continue working with my able Deputy to further move our Service to another level. As advised by NCDC, I am totally isolated.” This is happening barely 12 hours after the Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, tested positive for COVID-19. (Sunday Punch) By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja - The management of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) says the Deputy Comptroller General (DCG), Mrs Floreta Anene has retired from the service. The Comptroller General, NIS, Mr Muhammad Babandede disclosed this in a statement signed by the Service Public Relations Officer, (SPRO) Mr Sunday James… December 10, 2019 In "News" By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja - The Comptroller-General, Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Mr Muhammad Babandede, on Monday reiterated his commitment to fighting drugs and substance abuse among the service personnel. Babandede made the assertion in a statement by Mr Sunday James, the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of NIS, in Abuja. He… December 30, 2019 In "News" By Harrison Arubu Abuja -  The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has undertaken a two-day “border patrol reinforcement exercise’’ in Benue. Spokesman of the service, Mr Sunday James, said in a statement on Thursday that the move was pursuant to the Service’s commitment to effective border management. James said the patrol… March 8, 2018 In "Business"