By Kazeem Akande Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Chairman, Nigerians in Disapora Commission
(NIDCOM), Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, on Saturday urged women in different
endeavours to embrace the virtue of hardwork, saying they would achieve a lot
with diligence. Dabiri-Erewa gave the advice in a video
message to the 2020 Triumphant Ladies Conference 2020 in Lagos, themed: “Focus”
in commemoration on the International Women’s Day. The NIDCOM chairman said there was no shortcut
to success, saying with hardwork and determination, women could achieve their
dreams and goals. She urged women to dream big, remain focussed
and work hard to achieve whatever they had set out to achieve. Dabiri-Erewa warned women against complacency,
saying that could stop them from realising their potentials. “There is no alternative to hardwork; there is
no shortcut to success. We need to be hardworking and determined to achieve our
goals and succeed. “We need to be focussed and be passionate
about whatever we are doing. We should be truthful to ourselves and to others
and we should never do things to please everyone,” she said. Dabiri-Erewa urged women not to allow their
family to suffer because of career and other productive activities. She emphasised that family was important just
like career as one must not suffer because of the other, urging women to ensure
balance between the family and career. Dabiri-Erewa said even as she had always been
a busy woman, she still managed to spend quality time with her family. Dabiri-Erewa said she took the decision not to
contest for the fourth term as a former member of the House of Representatives
to allow other people to serve. She said women must be prepared to make tough
decisions and sacrifices to succeed in life. In her speech, Convener of the Conference, Mrs
Funke Kasali, said the conference was organised to inspire women to success and
make them contribute their quota more meaningfully to the society. Kasali said:  “Focus” was chosen as the
theme of the conference because it was an important ingredient for success. She urged women to be focussed on whatever
they were doing, saying that was the only way they could realise their dreams. “Also believe in what you do; don’t do things
because other people are doing them. Have a vision and work toward achieving
it,” she said . Speaking, Mrs Nkechi Harry-Ngonadi, Chief
Executive Officer, NHN Couture, a fashion outfit, said it was important for
women to follow their dreams to be  successful. She noted that success had eluded many people
because they were doing what other people were doing and not what they
believed. Harry-Ngonadi said her outfit had become a
success story because she followed her passion and gave all her commitment to
make it thrive. Speaking, Mrs Olufunke Amobi, Head, Human
Capital for Stanbic Holdings PLC, defined focus as having a centre of interest
and clarity of purpose. She urged women to always have a vision of
what they wanted in life and work hard to achieve them. Amobi urged women not to be distracted by
failure, saying rather , they should learn from mistakes and try harder to
achieve their goals. “You need to be focussed to achieve your
goals; distractions will come but when you are focussed, you are prepared for
distractions. “Be passionate about what you do; don’t look
at what others are doing, follow your dreams and be the best you can be,” she
said .(NAN)