By Peter Amine Jos – Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau on Thursday said that corps members had greatly impacted on the socio-economic development of the state. Lalong, who was represented by his deputy, Prof. Sonni Tyoden, at the passing-out parade of the 2019 Batch-A corps members, said that their impact was felt in rural communities where most of them carried out their projects. He called on them to put into use the skills learnt while serving in the state. He, however, cautioned them that the era of white collar jobs were over, urging them to brace up for the daunting challenges ahead. The governor also encouraged them to create job opportunities rather than seek for existing ones. Also, the Plateau Commissioner for Youth and Sport Development, Mr Victor Lapang, said that the NYSC scheme was a platform for national cohesion and integration. According to him, it assists in ensuring the spread of the needed manpower throughout the country. Ms Caroline Embu, the coordinator, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Plateau, said that a corps member in the state would repeat the service year for absconding. Embu said that the corps member would be remobilised for another service year. The coordinator said that 13 others with proven disciplinary cases ranging from travelling without permission and missing the compulsory monthly clearance would have their service year extended. She said that a total of 1,787 corps members passed-out in the state and with 15 of them who distinguished themselves were given awards. Embu added that the awardees were outstanding in various units across the state under the Community Development Service which according to her was a cardinal programme of the scheme. “Notable among them is a medical outreach carried out by a Corp member at Deng town in Kanam Local Government area of the state. “Construction and donation of 30 wheel chairs to physically challenged persons, and the donation of four computers, power sockets and a printer to GSS Bukuru all in in Jos South Local Government Area,” she said. (NAN)