A 13-year-old London schoolboy is thought to have become Britain’s youngest coronavirus victim. Ismail Mohamed Abdulwahab, from Brixton, London, died alone at King’s College Hospital in London yesterday, with family members unable to visit him in fear of catching the deadly virus, according to a fundraiser. He is not thought to have had any underlying health conditions. News of Ismail’s death was shared on a GoFundMe page created by Madinah College, in Brixton, to raise money for his funeral. The boy’s family, who also recently lost his father to cancer, said they would not be releasing any photos of Ismail and that they were ‘beyond devastated’. It comes as a record-breaking 381 coronavirus deaths and 3,009 cases were declared in the UK today, which is now officially Britain’s darkest day so far in the ever-worsening crisis. A statement from Ismail’s family said: ‘Ismail started showing symptoms and had difficulties breathing and was admitted to Kings College Hospital. ‘He was put on a ventilator and then put into an induced coma but sadly died yesterday morning. ‘To our knowledge he had no underlying health conditions. We are beyond devastated.’ dailymail.co.uk A pastor and traveling musician who claimed that the coronavirus pandemic was the result of “mass hysteria” from the media has died from the deadly virus. 66-year-old Landon Spradlin from Gretna in Virginia, passed away this week at the Atrium Health Cabarrus hospital, in Concord, North Carolina, after teasing positive… March 28, 2020 In "News" The number of deaths from Covid-19 in the past 24 hours is 832, it emerged this morning. It beats the previous Spanish record of 769 coronavirus deaths which was announced on Friday. Spain has registered a new record number of coronavirus deaths in a single-day period. Pictured: Field hospital in… March 28, 2020 In "News" Kaduna -The Police on Wednesday confirmed the release of Ibrahim Ismail, a member of Kaduna State House of Assembly, who was abducted from his residence on Tuesday. The Kaduna State Police Command spokesman, ASP Aliyu Usman, made the confirmation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria. Usman said… August 25, 2016 In "News"