Former President Goodluck Jonathan has asked Nigerians to remain courageous and faithful. Jonathan who made the call on his Facebook page, yesterday, said that this is a time to show good citizenship, solidarity and patriotism. It will be recalled the zeal and support shown by Nigerians in 2014 when his government battled Ebola virus to a standstill, Jonathan also called on the people to redisplay such enthusiasm and readiness to combat the coronavirus, assuring a complete defeat of the disease soon. He wrote: “Today, our world faces a global crisis that threatens our peace, hope and freedoms. Across the globe is the climate of fear, havoc, and consequences of a new enemy called coronavirus disease. “Fellow compatriot, this is not a time to fear or despair,  it is a moment of responsibility, courage and faith. It is time to demonstrate good citizenship by yielding to relevant policies and guidelines put in place by government and its agencies to combat the challenge of COVID-19. “As a country, ours is a history of many triumphs in times of global and national challenges. In 2014, through solidarity and unity of purpose, we combated the dreaded Ebola virus. “More than ever before, now is the time for action, solidarity and patriotism. Let’s all brace up and work together to combat this new scourge, COVID- 19.” Source By Jude Ndukwe At the time of writing this essay, Nigeria has lost 44 of her citizens to the dreaded Lassa Fever which like the equally dreaded Ebola Virus Disease is a haemorrhagic fever that spreads easily from one person to another even at the slightest of contacts. The two… January 21, 2016 In "Opinion" In July 2014, Ebola virus disease found its way into Nigeria after an infected Liberian Government official named Patrick Sawyer arrived in Lagos. Though he was prevented from further interacting with members of the public by officials of a Lagos based hospital, who diagnosed him, the disease still found its… April 20, 2019 In "Interview" By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos - Gov. Babajide Sanwo-olu of Lagos State has called on community, religious and traditional leaders as well as associations and educationists to cooperate with his administration in spreading information essential for containment of coronavirus. The governor made the call on Tuesday at a Stakeholders’ Forum on… March 3, 2020 In "News"