It has been reported that Thomas Schaefer, the finance minister of Germany’s Hesse state, has committed suicide apparently. The minister reportedly killed himself after becoming “deeply worried” over how to cope with the economic fallout from the coronavirus, state premier Volker Bouffier said Sunday. According to the Agence France Presse, AFP, Schaefer, 54, was found dead near a railway track on Saturday. The Wiesbaden prosecution’s office said they believe he died by suicide. “We are in shock, we are in disbelief and above all we are immensely sad,” Bouffier said in a recorded statement. Hesse is home to Germany’s financial capital Frankfurt, where major lenders like Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank have their headquarters. The European Central Bank is also located in Frankfurt. A visibly shaken Bouffier recalled that Schaefer, who was  Hesse’s finance chief for 10 years, had been working “day and night” to help companies and workers deal with the economic impact of the pandemic. “Today we have to assume that he was deeply worried,” said Bouffier, a close ally of Chancellor Angela Merkel. “It’s precisely during this difficult time that we would have needed someone like him,” he added. Popular and well-respected, Schaefer had long been touted as a possible successor to Bouffier. Like Bouffier, Schaefer belonged to Merkel’s centre-right CDU party. He leaves behind a wife and two children. Source By Agency Reporter Berlin - A Ugandan doctor who contracted Ebola in Sierra Leone was hospitalised on Friday in Frankfurt, becoming the second victim of the deadly virus to be treated in Germany. “The patient is an employee of an Italian NGO, he has Ugandan nationality and has worked as a… October 4, 2014 In "News" Munich - The number of confirmed coronavirus cases in Germany’s southern state of Bavaria has risen to six, after a child was found to have been infected. The child’s father had also fallen ill with the new coronavirus, the Bavarian Health Ministry said on Friday. The virus originated in China… January 31, 2020 In "Foreign" By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) -- Nigeria’s growing automotive industry got a further boost over the weekend with the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Volkswagen Group to develop a joint vision for an automotive hub in the country. Nigeria’s Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment,… September 3, 2018 In "Business"