A masquerade has been arrested by the police for defying the government’s directive on mass gatherings. The masquerade after being arrested, couldn’t hold back tears after realizing the problem he has entered. The state had effected the ban as part of measures to stop the spread of coronavirus. The masquerade was apprehended after it confronted the policemen and threatened to deal with them if they dispersed his followers. The arrest was contained in a statement on Monday by Policeman spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi. The said masquerade was nabbed at Ijeja area of Abeokuta following a complaint from residents. Oyeyemi noted that the gathering, which attracted many people, was held to celebrate masquerade festival. “Upon the report, policemen from Ibara Division moved to the area and warned the people to disperse but the masequrade confronted the policemen and threatened to deal with them if they insist on dispersing his followers. “The masequrade was subsequently arrested and taken to the station where he was warned to be law-abiding before he was released to a reliable surety”, he added. Meanwhile, Governor Dapo Abiodun has announced that the lockdown in Ogun will commence on Friday. The COVID-19 global pandemic has caused 2 deaths in Nigeria and affected 131 people. Source The Ogun State Police Command said it has arrested a masquerade for allegedly violating the federal and state governments’ directives on social distancing and public gatherings in order to prevent the spread of coronavirus in the state. The masquerade was said to have been apprehended after he allegedly confronted some… March 31, 2020 In "News" Nsukka (Enugu State)  - The Police in Nsukka on Saturday arrested two men who wore masquerade costume in Ovoko community in Nsukka LGA for allegedly beating up a passenger on commercial motorcycle and robbing him of N57,000. The incident happened on the Nsukka /Oballo-Afor highway. A police source said policemen… August 22, 2015 In "News" A masquerade has been caught on camera being punished by soldiers after he allegedly harassed them for money. A video has emerged online showing the moment a masquerade was dealt with by men said to be Nigerian soldiers.In the video which has caught quite some attention on social media, the… April 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"