By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja
(Sundiata Post) – Imo state Governor, Hope Uzodinma has been honoured with the “Grand
Facilitator” award by the National Federation of Catholic students, Nnamdi
Azikiwe University Awka (UNIZIK). According to the statement by Mr. Oguwike Nwachku, the Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser to Governor Uzodinma, the award was in recognition of the governor’s immense contribution to the growth of the Catholic Church in Nigeria. The statement
which noted that any award given to Governor Uzodinma by the faith is not
misplaced reads in full: “The
National federation of Catholic students, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka
(UNIZIK) has conferred on Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State with the award of
the Grand Facilitator of Catholic Students in Nigeria. Receiving the award, Governor Uzodinma who was represented by his the Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser, thanked the students for identifying with the Governor, whom he described as a dedicated Christian and committed catholic. Nwachuku said Governor Uzodinma has contributed immensely to the growth of the Catholic Church in Nigeria, and that any award given to him by the faith is not misplaced. He assured
the catholic students that the Governor will continue to to support them,
urging them to to be committed to their studies and to live worthy and
exemplary lives as Catholics. ‘I encourage
you to to tap from all those good qualities you have identified with Governor
Uzodinma. You should make them part of your own mantra so that the society can
benefit from it”, the Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser told them. Earlier, the
President, Nigeria Federation of Catholic Students, (UNIZIK), Mr. Korie Larry
said they were in the Government House to Governor Uzodinma who has been a
pillar of support to the Federation of Catholic Students across the country. The NFCS
Leader noted that the “conferment of the award on Governor Uzodinma as the
Grand Facilitator of Catholic Students in Nigeria was based on merit because of
his outreach and special benevolence t Catholics, especially the Catholic
students who are major beneficiaries of his magnanimity”. Larry and the Secretary of the Group, Precious Nwaeze thereafter presented the award to the Governor. 