By Taiye Olayemi  Lagos – Nigerian veteran actor, Segun Akiremi (a.ka. Kanran), on Monday called on the Federal Government to create a special medical scheme for Nigerian artistes through the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS). Akiremi suggested this while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos while paying tribute to the late veteran actor, Kayode Odumosu, who died on Sunday. NAN reports that Odumosu, popularly called “Pa Kasunmu”, died on March 1 at age 66. According to Akiremi, such special scheme will cater for artistes’ medical challenges when they are old and have limited strengths to work. “In foreign countries, artistes are treated specially, celebrated and well catered for. “Nigeria must take a clue from this to guide against artistes dying due to lack of medical care. “The Federal Government needs to appreciate arts, and it should be taken seriously just like sports. “The government and Nigerians should appreciate artistes while alive and not after they are dead,’’ he said. The veteran actor also urged the Federal Government to create platforms where artistes can access soft loans to aid their production of quality movies. Akiremi speaking on the late Pa Kasumu said that he late was a sociable and hardworking fellow, who impacted positively on his colleagues during his life time. “Pa Kasunmu’s death is a painful one; I will miss him so much so because he was an actor I loved so much. “May God rest his soul and forgive him his sins. “He was a man that used to forgive easily and he was not holding grudges against anybody.’’ Akiremi added that the late actor used to relate very well with the people, either young or old, and was always punctual at locations during shooting of films. Akiremi decried the situation whereby many Nollywood artistes used to die due to health challenges. He said this was disheartening when most artistes had spent a better part of their lives entertaining and educating the populace, only to be left alone when they needed help. Akiremi said that Pa Kasunmu’s death was due to financial constraint, saying that he lacked funds to take proper care of his health. He said that many other artistes too were facing a similar challenge. (NAN)