By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Minister of State, FCT, Mrs Ramatu Tijani Aliyu has called on commuters in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to abide by the traffic rules, especially in places where constructions works are on-going to forestall accidents. The minister made the call while giving assessment of
construction works going on in Abuja during the official commissioning of
OneWay movement in the newly completed Southern Parkway by the Minister of FCT,
Alhaji Musa Bello on Monday. The FCT Minister of state who appeared excited said, “As you
can see in any developing city, it is a work in progress and that is why the
Abuja Master plan called it a ring road.  All these at the end of the day, like the Honourable
Minster said, is like a person, they terminate and connect. “If you look at the projects that is going on
it has been funding that  has been the
problem, by the time we have adequate funding 
which has been the missing link and conscious effort is being made and
there are various roads and bridges that are being constructed and also
ongoing. The only thing remaining will be the connection and the link to
finally commission. Mrs. Aliyu
noted that nobody will complete a city just in a go, adding that what we are
looking out for is what we are seeing right now. We see the bridges being done,
we see the carriage ways and we are also not neglecting beautifying the city,
she said. She
continued: “As much as these constructions are on-going, we are not seeing it
like a junk site – you are seeing efforts to regulate the traffic; efforts to
keep commuters on the right path and you are also seeing qualitative job. So to
me, this is a welcome development. This is what
is required to set Abuja going and what we also want is concentration and
support of the commuters to just abide by the rules to forestall accidents here
and there, especially like the bridge we just saw there where they come to
construct the midway.  There must be
efforts, even though you can see demarcations and the fences they have put,  to keep commuters on the right path. The Minister of who commended the FCT Minister, Alhaji Musa Bello for the great job he is doing also hailed the contractor (SETRACO) and congratulated the entire people of the federal capital territory. Earlier, the FCT Minister, Musa Bello has assured Abuja residents that that the development of the city is being embarked upon as a matter of priority in view of the rapid population growth of the city to ensure that economic growth and developmement is not hampered in future.  