An American man has tested positive for coronavirus after hosting his 27th wedding anniversary party with less than 10 people. According to ABC7, Mr. Emilian White and his wife Kim Gagne, celebrated their anniversary by having a small dinner with a couple of friends not more than ten this past Friday. After the event, Mr. Emilian developed a fever and started feeling ill. He was later taken to a hospital, where he tested positive for coronavirus. His wife, Kim, said she thought her husband would just get checked out after getting tested for the virus but she says, “It went from 0 to 100 quickly,” as their last simple touch was a fist bump before the shocking news was revealed. “I didn’t know what was happening,” she said via Facetime. “We had people over and that was our mistake. We thought we were okay because we had less than 10 people. But no, don’t have anyone in your house,” she said. “He’s getting better, but, when they took him for a scan, the minute they took the oxygen off, it becomes very difficult to breathe,” she added. Mrs. Kim Gagne and her children are now in quarantine at home. Source British actor, Idris Elba’s wife, Sabrina Dhowre has announced that she tested positive for coronavirus, few days after her husband tested positive for the same virus. In an interview with Oprah Winfrey through FaceTime for an episode of “Oprah Talks: COVID-19” on Apple TV, the couple explained their decision to… March 23, 2020 In "News" The confirmation of the third coronavirus case in Nigeria on Tuesday woke the Federal Government from its slumber as it rolled out a number of measures to stop the spread of the disease in the country. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, at a press conference in… March 18, 2020 In "News" A pastor and traveling musician who claimed that the coronavirus pandemic was the result of “mass hysteria” from the media has died from the deadly virus. 66-year-old Landon Spradlin from Gretna in Virginia, passed away this week at the Atrium Health Cabarrus hospital, in Concord, North Carolina, after teasing positive… March 28, 2020 In "News"