By Oluwakemi Oladipo  Lagos – Some tertiary institutions in Lagos State have suspended academic activities and shut down in compliance with government’s directive because of COVID-19. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Federal and Lagos State governments have directed all schools to shutdown to prevent the spread of the pandemic. A correspondent of NAN reports that the Lagos State University, the Adeniran Ogunsanya College of Education and the Lagos State Polytechnic have complied with the directive. Security officials were seen at the entrance of the institutions preventing students from entering except members of staff with identity cards. The security officials were seen using infra-red thermometer and sanitisers on staff entering the premises. Mr Ademola Adekoya, the Coordinator, Centre for Information, Press and Public Relations in LASU, said that academic activities were suspended to prevent further spread of COVID-19. “The Senate of Lagos State University held an emergency meeting on Friday to approve the immediate suspension of all academic activities on campuses of the university. “All prior approvals that entail students’ mass movement on and off campus are not allowed. “The Senate also directed that the fumigation of the entire university environment, particularly the classrooms, be carried out as preventive measure during the period of the shutdown. “Also the College of Medicine was encouraged to be part of a problem solving research team, he said.” Adekoya said that all students were directed to vacate the Ojo, Epe and Ikeja campuses on Friday and information on a resumption date would be communicated in due course. “However, members of staff of the university are expected to be at their respective duty posts,’’Adekoya said. Mr Olanrewaju Kuye, the LASPOTECH Director of Information and Public Relations, told NAN that the institution had stopped all academic activities and examinations. Kuye said that students had started their examination before the directive came, “but we had to suspend the examination till further notice immediately we got the government’s directive. “Currently, we do not have student hostels, so the students are not allowed to be in the school premises, but senior staff are to be on their duty posts, ’he said. Mrs Funmilayo Makanjuola, the Director of Information, Public Relation and Passages Division of Adeniran Ogunsanya College of Education, said that academic activities had been suspended since Friday. Makanjuola said that the college suspended all activities and directed students to stay at home in spite of the fact that the students were writing their examinations. “We are also following the directives of the Lagos State government that all levels 12 and below should stay at home which is the reason few staff are around, ’she said. (NAN)