… Says the Ministry Will Leverage on ICT To Block Revenue Leakages By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja
(Sundiata Post) – The Federal Capital Territory Minister, Alhaji Musa Bello
said for the ministry to truly fund Abuja projects, it must work on its
Internally Generated Revenue (IGR). He informed
that the Federal Capital Territory Administration has decided that to truly fund Abuja, we have to work on our IGR and
there are so many ways we can do that and we are working on that particularly
land administration. The Minister also said that the FCT
will leverage on ICT to block revenue leakages arising from structural and systemic problems
within the system. The minister
disclosed this on Monday while fielding questions from newsmen at the
inauguration and official commencement of OneWay Movement in the newly
completed Southern Parkway road around the Federal Capital Development
Authority (FCDA) in Abuja. Alhaji Bello
who was reacting to question as to the level of assurance for sustained funding
of the signature projects in the FCT said; Well as you know funding for Abuja
and FCT in general is basically from three main sources namely, Federation
account (1% of what the FG gets), funding from federal budget and funding from
what the FCT itself generates based on its internally generated funds. “To a very
large extent, we have no control over the very first two, the first one is
constitutional, it depends on what monies the Federal Government gets based on
its own income. The second one which is the federal budget- we have to share
from a basket together with other Federal Ministries and obviously we have no
control over that. “But what we
do have control is our internally generated revenue and it is very clear and I
will also tell you now. At the highest
level of the administration, we have decided that for us to truly fund Abuja,
we have to work on our IGR and there are so many ways we can do that and we are
working on that particularly land administration. On land
administration, the Minister said the ministry is going to be firm in
recovering debts owed the ministry. “We are going to be much more firmer with
all those who have outstanding payments to make and have not done so. The laws
are very clear, the power given to us by relevant laws are very clear and we
are going to use them, the minister said. “Secondly,
we are going to encourage a much easier system of land titling so that
everybody who has a property in Abuja will have them titled properly with the
proper C.of O, particularly those that have properties in estates. “Thirdly, we
have a lot of leakages, many residents do not pay what they are supposed to
pay, whether it is for waste collection or it’s for water consumed. This has to
do with structural and systemic problems within the system and gradually we are
working on them and we are going to
levearge on ICT to make sure it is done. The Minister
appealed to newsmen to enlighten the Abuja residents on the need to co-operate
with the ministry and ensure that those who vandalize critical infrastructures
are reported to appropriate authorities for appropriate sanctions. In his
words, “What I will appeal to you our partners in progress-members of the press
is that this city is for us all. I want to appeal to you to partner with the
FCT administration, do a lot of publicity on our behalf, try to make the
citizens also appreciate that in building and developing a city, the
relationship has to be very cooperative, let them support us, help us also to make
sure that all those who are vandalizing critical infrastructure are identified,
shamed and prosecuted because we can’t be everywhere and the security agencies
can’t be everywhere. So citizens
also have to play their role. I think when we all partner along these lines, I
have no doubt whatsoever, we will raise the necessary resources and they will
be able to fund this city for all of us particularly those coming after us,
that is our children and the young ones will be truly be very proud of us. The Southern
Parkway in Abuja Master Plan forms the major spine of the capital city and is
one of the longest roads in Abuja and the first of its kind in Africa. From the
Business Districts, it traverses all the four phases of the Federal Capital
City with facilities like streetlights, recreational, cafes and underpass. It
is designed to complement the Northern Parkway, the major arterial running
across Mabushi.