Nollywood actress, Osiobeloveth has accused the Rivers State Taskforce of destroying food items she bought with a friend. She further claimed that the taskforce officials also poured kerosene on the food items which were quite expensive. The actress said; “This is what happened today in port harcourt things I bought with my friend today were destroyed by Wike task force they poured kerosene on things i and my friend already paid for considering how expensive things are in the market now everything we bought were destroyed before our own eyes we couldn’t move we just stood there in shock at a point we had to run and this is not even in the market ooo this country is one hell of a crazy place to be in”. This is coming days after Governor Nyesom Wike ordered the closure of markets in the state. He also stated that Council Chairmen are empowered to confiscate the goods of defaulters. See Video Below: Actress Osiobeloveth accuses Rivers State TaskForce of destroying food items she bought and pouring kerosene on it . . Governor Nyesom Wike had ordered the closure of markets and confiscation of items bought by defaulters A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Mar 31, 2020 at 1:06am PDT Source The Salvation Ministries, Port Harcourt, Rivers State has responded to a report making the rounds that the senior pastor, David Ibiyiomie, is having a sexual affair with Nollywood actress, Iyabo Ojo. Reports making the rounds have it that the actress allegedly uses ‘juju’ to lure the pastor, who has allegedly… February 17, 2017 In "Entertainment" By Joy Obanya   Abuja  -    Ace Nigerian singer and actress Emma Chukwugoziem known as Emma Nyra welcomed a set of twins after being in labour for 36 hours. The singer shared the news on her Instagram handle @emmanyra. “On Aug. 11 early hours of 2 a.m, after 36… August 13, 2018 In "Entertainment" By Pulse     The spate of Nollywood divorces has taken another toll as prolific director, Jeta Amata and his actress wife, Mbong, have parted ways, after ten years of marriage. Though the news has just filtered in, those in the know say the couple went their separate ways a year ago after some irreconcilable differences. Jeta, from the… October 22, 2013 In "Entertainment"