A Nigerian woman has shared the touching story how she contracted coronavirus and has been battling to save her life ever since in the UK. The woman with the Twitter handle, @d_psycho_guru, said she got the virus after a colleague at work coughed into her face. She wrote: “6th March: someone coughed into my face mistakenly, while speaking to me (yes run away from people that are coughing). I don’t know why the staff came to work knowing he had a cough. 9th: I had my first diarrhoea. 10th: I woke up on 10th with an uncomfortable throat. I felt like I had a film in my throat, but it wasn’t saw. Diarrhoea again. Also I felt bloated.Also, I felt dizzy while in the car; but this is normal, so it didn’t bother me. 11th: I woke up with puffy eyes. Like, actual SWOLLEN eyes. Sneezed a few, but hey that’s normal in the UK. Lost my appetite. A bit fatigued. Later at night, my coughing intensified. 12th: my temperature soared to 40degs. I was coughing hysterically but there was no phlegm coming out. I started sneezing. My Voice sounded like I had a cold. I was weak and tired. My throat felt itchy. 13th: coughing & Sneezinf intensified. Rib cage hurt. No appetite. Loss of breath. Temperature dropped to 36. Quite fatigued but went to the store for supplies (found none by the way, thanks Britain!). Couldn’t take deep breaths 14th: woke up with a headache & extremely sore ribs from the coughing. Suspected a chest infection. Temperature rose back to 40. Coughed more. Sneezed more. Actually felt down. Voice sounded weak and flu-like. Couldn’t make a complete sentence w/o gasping. 15th: got admitted in hospital. Temp at 40deg. Coughed more. Sneezed hysterically. Was weak. Lost mobility. Was in pains (back, ribs). No appetite. Was extremely thirsty. X-ray showed chest infection. Got placed on antibiotics and painkillers. Voice sounded so weak and flu-like.
16th: felt ok. Coughing reduced drastically. Sneezed less. Was stronger. Worked from home. Couldn’t laugh cos rib still hurt. THIRSTY. Temp at 36-37. Slowly gained mobility. Voice still weak and flu-like. Throat felt better. 17th: felt better. Walked faster. Extremely THIRSTY. Temp at 36. dizzy. Had more appetite. Had hallucinations. Temporary loss of recent memory. Couldn’t speak much. Vomited. Fatigued. No sense of taste or smell. No sneezing, coughed twice. Coughed up phlegm. 18th: Temp at 37. Well enough to type this and work from home. No sense of taste or smell. No appetite. Thirsty. Voice sounds weak and flu-like. Short breaths. Swollen eyes. Coughing up phlegm. Hurting eye socket. my symptoms were this severe, and my incubation period was shorter, because I have an underlying health condition. My healthy husband is very fine, just fatigue and occasional coughing. I will update this as I go”. 16th: felt ok. Coughing reduced drastically. Sneezed less. Was stronger. Worked from home. Couldn’t laugh cos rib still hurt. THIRSTY. Temp at 36-37. Slowly gained mobility. Voice still weak and flu-like. Throat felt better. 17th: felt better. Walked faster. Extremely THIRSTY. Temp at 36. dizzy. Had more appetite. Had hallucinations. Temporary loss of recent memory. Couldn’t speak much. Vomited. Fatigued. No sense of taste or smell. No sneezing, coughed twice. Coughed up phlegm. 17th: I got discharged but my covid result wasn’t out. The nurse promised to call me when she received it. I laughed and said, 
“I don’t have it, relax! All those symptoms that I had was due to my chest infection, not the virus!” she smiled. Anyway, she kept her promise. As my phone beeped, I knew she was calling to confirm that I was negative… the only problem is that she used the word, POSITIVE. OMG Worried faceBroken heart 18th: Temp at 37. Well enough to type this and work from home. No sense of taste or smell. No appetite. Thirsty. Voice sounds weak and flu-like. Short breaths. Swollen eyes. Coughing up phlegm. Hurting eye socket.
my symptoms were this severe, and my incubation period was shorter, because I have an underlying health condition. My healthy husband is very fine, just fatigue and occasional coughing. I will update this as I go. This doesn’t excuse my going out to the store, but I promise you, I protected myself. I was scared of people infecting me (because I didn’t know I had it then), so I didn’t touch anything. These threads are to let people know reality so they isolate immediately. 18th: at night time, I felt better. No cough, no fever, faster mobility. Still got a flu-like voice, still no sense of taste or smell. Felt dizzy sometimes. No appetite still. My husband is doing great. Still coughing occasionally but strong enough to gym at home. 19th: I think I’ve relapsed Broken heart. Woke up with a headache, pains in my chest. Couldn’t look up or around as eyes hurt. Hard to take deep breaths. Temp at 38. Took paracetamol & some of d abv cleared. weak. No sense of taste & smell. Coughing more than yesterday but there’s phlegm. Source