By Abbas Bamalli Kano, March. 21, 2020 (NAN) Nigerian Air Force (NAF), on Saturday inaugurated residential accommodation project for medical personnel at NAF Hospital 465 (NAFH), Kano. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the project was designed with two blocks of 10 x 1 apartments to improve well being of personnel and enhance emergency response services. Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, who inaugurated the project, said the gesture was to ensure rapid response to health emergencies. Abubakar, represented by AVM Musa Mukhtar, the Officer Commanding Air Training Command, Kaduna, said the NAF management accorded premium to the accommodation and other welfare programmes to improve the well being personnel. He said: “It is gratifying to note that in the last four and half years, the current NAF leadership has continued to provide accommodations and other welfare services for the well being of personnel. “The CAS deems it necessary to make provision for a more befitting accommodation for those attending to emergency services within the hospital complex”. According to him, effective utilisation of the project will ameliorate accommodation deficiency being experienced in the hospital. “This will in turn galvanise efforts of the hospital personnel to focus on their tasks to ensure administration of medical care to personnel and families. “In line with one of the key drivers of the CAS vision which is ‘Human Capacity Development’ through robust and result oriented training for enhanced professional performance. “This project will go a long way in enhancing emergency response by medical personnel. Our personnel commitment and professional display has provided the NAF hospitals good example for others to emulate,” he said. The CAS tasked personnel to be discipline and committed in the discharge of their duties to reciprocate the gesture. Also speaking, Wing Cdr. Sadiq Ibrahim, the Commander, NAFH 465, Kano, said the hospital has 40 personnel for effective response to emergencies. Ibrahim said the residential accommodation would be allocated based on priorities of emergency services to the hospital. He said the project would assist to reduce the number of patient in-waiting and enhance prompt response to emergencies. “Before now, we send ambulances to pick up staff on duty living in town to attend to emergency cases which creates delay in attending to such cases. “In view of the above, the CAS deemed it fit to provide two blocks of flats for personnel handling emergencies. “Furthermore, With the increasing number of banditry, kidnapping and terrorism in our region, it is mandatory to house personnel handling emergencies within or close to the hospital for prompt response to emergencies. (NAN)