By Okodili Ndidi, Abuja Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Troops of the 8 Division under the Operation MESA have foiled attempt by herdsmen to attack Tara village in Sabon Birni Council Area of Sokoto State. Two of the killer herdsmen, Sule Sale and Umar Alhaji were captured by troops while others escaped. The fleeing herders abandoned 110 cattle. A statement by the Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator,  Colonel Aminu Iliyasu, said: “In the Northwest region, on 8 March 2020, troops of 8 Division on Operation MESA acting on credible information on the activities of armed herdsmen in Tara Village of Sabon Birni LGA of Sokoto State, fiercely mobilized to the area, made contact with the armed herdsmen and arrested two suspects, namely; Sule Sale and Umar Alhaji, while others fled abandoning 110 cattle. “Also, same troops conducted a successful cordon and search operation at Banji Village of Bodinga LGA of Sokoto State, neutralized one notorious kidnap kingpin named Juliet”. The statement also noted that “the devasting defeat suffered by the criminal insurgents has continued to widen the cracks and animosities exposed recently within the ranks and files of the Boko Haram criminal Sect on the one hand and between it and its rival splinter Sect on the other”. “In the same vein, armed bandits, kidnappers and other sundry criminals are finding it increasingly difficult to operate across the country as Nigerian Army troops continue to step up their anti-banditry operations across the NC and NW Regions in particular”. It continued that “on 11 March 2020, the gallant troops of Strong Response Area Gubio successfully repelled a Boko Haram criminals’ attack. During the encounter, troops dealt a decisive blow on the marauding criminals, neutralized 2 of them and captured one AK 47 Rifle. Subsequent exploitation by the troops along the withdrawal route of the insurgents in the early hours of 12 March 2020 led to the discovery of additional 5 Boko Haram criminals’ shattered bodies resulting from the encounter, one burnt Boko Haram terrorists Gun Truck, one PKT Machine Gun, two AK 47 Rifles, three AK 47 Rifle magazines and 67 rounds of 7.62mm Special ammunition. “Furthermore, on the same 5 March 2020, two Boko Haram terrorists, Musa Mohammed (21 years) and Maina Liman (35 years) surrendered to troops of 202 Battalion deployed at Tashan Goto in Bama LGA of Borno State. “The surrendered terrorists confessed that they worked for the Nakib (a Boko Haram Captain) at Bula Umar Village. The troops recovered 2 AK 47 Rifles, 2 AK 47 Rifle Magazines and 8 rounds of 7.62mm Special Ammunition from the surrendered terrorists. The surrendered criminals further revealed that a number of their erstwhile members were killed by troops in recent times while others are left wandering in the forest and willing to surrender to troops of the Nigerian Army as they are tired of life without meaning”. It added that “they also regretted their involvement in the act of insurgency while calling on their former collaborators to also take the bold step to renounce and submit themselves to the authorities of the Nigerian Army. “In a related development, on 8 March 2020, another Boko Haram Terrorist, Bulama Modu Zantaliye  surrendered to troops of 151 Battalion deployed at Strong Response Area Banki Junction. Preliminary investigation reveals that the surrendered terrorist belongs to the Shekau faction. He also calls on his former colleagues to tow the path of sanity and surrender themselves to troops of the Nigerian Army as their safety and security are guaranteed. “In the North Central region, on 9 March 2020, troops responded to an information from some locals confirming the presence of some bandits in the general area of Abinsi and Angbaye Islands in Guma LGA of Benue State.  The troops subsequently mobilized and conducted a robust clearance operation along the axis. Troops discovered and destroyed two makeshift camps where the armed bandits used to hibernate on the Islands. “The raid forced the armed bandits to flee the gen area. Nevertheless, troops pursued the bandits until contact was broken along the River line separating Benue and Nassarawa States. In the aftermath of the encounter, troops recovered one AK 47 magazine with 22 rounds of 7.62mm Special ammunition. “Additionally, in the early hours of 9 March 2020, Nigerian Army troops deployed in Kebe, Sokoto State while on clearance operation came in contact with some bandits at Jigawa Village. Following the encounter six bandits were neutralized while three dane guns and four motorcycles were captured by the troops.  In the same vein two other motorcycles were destroyed due to troops’ high volume of fire on the criminals. “Regrettably, one gallant soldier was wounded in action during the encounter. The wounded in action soldier has been evacuated to a military medical facility and is in stable condition. “Relatedly, on 9 March 2020, troops of 1 Division Garrison, while on clearance operation to Maguzawa general area of Igabi LGA of Kaduna State, made contact with some bandits. Resulting from the brief encounter, one bandit was neutralized while others were believed to have fled with gunshot wounds as indicated by the trails of blood along their withdrawal route. “Earlier on, in the early hours of 6 March 2020, troops of 8 Division deployed at Zurmi LGA of Sokoto State sprung a successful ambush against bandits at Gidan Jaja Village in the same LGA. In the aftermath of the encounter, one bandit was neutralised while troops captured one Rocket Propelled Gun Tube, one Rocket Propelled Gun bomb, one AK 47 Rifle, one AK 47 Rifle magazine loaded with 11 rounds of 7.62mm Special ammunition and one motorcycle. Culled from The Nation.