The Minister of State, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, has reportedly tested negative for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), according to a tweet Thursday afternoon. The minister, who has been on voluntary self-isolation since Tuesday over contact she had with persons who tested positive for COVID-19, made the disclosure a day after she informed the public that she had given her “samples to test for COVID-19. While in self-isolation, Aliyu had said: “I am busy working and liasing with the six Area Council chairmen in the territory on prevention and sensitisation of people in the area council and satellite towns.” Mrs Aliyu joins a cadre of high government functionaries who have been or are being tested for the infection, the most high profile being the President and Vice President, Messrs Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo, both of whom have tested negative. The most high profile government official so far to have tested positive for the virus has been the Chief of Staff to the President, Mr Abba Kyari, a fact which prompted a flurry of self-isolation actions by Presidential Villa staffers, Villa correspondents and some state governors. Bauchi State Governor Bala Mohammed has meanwhile tested positive for the virus, the only governor so far confirmed in Nigeria. Source Akure - President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday arrived Akure Airport amidst tight security for the All Progressive Congress (APC) campaign rally for the Nov. 26 governorship election in Ondo State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that Buhari arrived the airport at exactly 10:09 a.m. and was received by… November 19, 2016 In "Politics" By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos - The National Leader of APC, Sen. Bola Tinubu, on Wednesday decried insinuations alleging that he deliberately turned down an invitation from Ondo State Government in commemoration of the third anniversary of the state. Mr Tunde Rahman, Media Adviser to Tinubu, told the News Agency of… February 26, 2020 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -  Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau on Monday said the South West All Progressives Congress governors who were absent at the Saturday APC Mega Gubernatorial rally in Akure, Ondo, had sent in their apologies. Lalong, who is the Chairman of Ondo APC Governorship Campaign Council, made… November 22, 2016 In "Politics"