Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau, the wife of Canada’s Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, has recovered from the novel coronavirus, she said Saturday. “I am feeling so much better and have received the all-clear from my physician and Ottawa Public Health,” she wrote on her Facebook page. “From the bottom of my heart, I want to say thank you to everyone who reached out to me with their well wishes.” She had tested positive for the virus on March 12 after returning from Britain, with her husband subsequently going into self-quarantine as a precautionary measure. He has since been giving daily press briefings from the porch of his residence. “I strongly believe that science AND compassion will get us through this crisis,” Gregoire-Trudeau said. “That means listening and following the health protocols and staying at home for the time being.” Earlier Saturday Trudeau told reporters he intended to remain with his family at his residence even though his 14-day isolation period had ended. “We are continuing to follow the advice of health experts. And as everyone should do, we must try to stay at home, to isolate ourselves as much as possible, not to go out if not absolutely necessary,” he said. AFP •Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s wife has tested positive for novel coronavirus, his office said late Thursday, while assuring the public the Canadian prime minister is fine. Canada’s leader and his 44-year-old wife announced Thursday they were self-isolating while she was tested for coronavirus after a public event.… March 13, 2020 In "Foreign" The confirmation of the third coronavirus case in Nigeria on Tuesday woke the Federal Government from its slumber as it rolled out a number of measures to stop the spread of the disease in the country. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, at a press conference in… March 18, 2020 In "News" Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says the Canada Emergency Response Benefit will give $2,000 to any worker who loses their income as a result of the novel Coronavirus. In a broadcast on the COVID-19 issue and the Canadian government’s response, Trudeau said the administration is doing everything it can to… March 26, 2020 In "News"