By Martha Agas AGM Jos – The Executive Secetary, National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS), Prof. Mohammed Sambo, has called for collaborative efforts to strengthen the nation’s health care system to contain infectious diseases, including lassa fever and coronavirus. Sambo made the call on Tuesday at the 36th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Association of Public Health Physicians of Nigeria (APHPN) in Jos. He said that strengthening the system would help to assure the public of access to quality health care services which, according to him, is critical to achieving the Sustainable Development Goals. “Nigeria should embark on concerted efforts to strengthen its health systems to combat current and emerging diseases by making it functional,” he said. Sambo said that adopting a good health system model required subsidising health insurance scheme to cover vulnerable and poor segments of the population. “There must be robust health care financial service, reforms in healthcare system, efficiency in the usage of funds and partnerships for more resources for the health care,” he said. Sambo listed the extant laws, which make participation in the NHIS optional in the political structure of the country, and high level of poverty as some of the challenges facing the scheme. He said that the scheme also had difficulty in targeting the informal sector, adding that low awareness level, cultural norms and protracted internal issues also posed serious challenge to the scheme. He said that epidemiologic transition had to deal with changes in disease patterns and the causes of death, due to interelated factors, including demographics, changes in the risk factors, technological advances and improved public health policy . Sambo said the implications of epidemiological transition would be very grievous, if there was no robust, responsive and innovative financing to the health system. Earlier, the National Chairman of APHPN, Prof. Benjamin Uzochukwu, said that the AGM was organised to network and establish partnerships that would help to strengthen the health system. Uzochukwu described the theme of the conference, “Epidemiologic transition and implications for public health practice”, as apt. According to him, epidemiologic transition refers to a series of changes that all societies undergo with regard to illness and death in the population, and occurs in pararell with a demographic and technological transition. He appealed to the participants and members of the public not to abuse the social media by spreading unverified information. He commended Federal Government’s efforts to combat the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19). He said: “There is no community spread for now. The case fatality for COVID-19 is just two to three per cent, that means if 100 people got it, only about two or three people would die. “Malaria is taking half of that death every minute and so some people are just over blowing the COVID-19 in terms of death, the level has not reached a point to shut down the country.” The APHPN boss said the association was sensitising the public on preventive measures against infectious diseases at national, state and local government levels through its state chapters. He said that the AGM was to engage high level policy makers, researchers and donors, among others, to dialogue on ways to strengthen the nation’s health systems. Also, Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, said the AGM was expedient to deal with emerging health issues in the country, including COVID-19, saying thst the role of physicans was critical in addressing the pandemic. Lalong, represented by the Commissioner for Health, Dr Nimkong Ndam, said that the state had activated emergency isolation centers in three hospitals in the state, as part of the efforts to check the spread of the virus. He said that 43 suspected cases proved negative, after their isolation for two weeks, following contacts with four Chinese, who returned to the state recently. He said that the state government had established the Plateau State Contributory Healthcare Management Agency to provide health insurance to residents, in addition to constructing six 200-capacity bed general hospitals in the state. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that APHPN conducted a medical outreach at Dadin Kowa Youth Center during the AGM, in collaboration with the Nigerian Army, 3 Division, Maxwell Khobe Cantonment, Jos. (NAN)