By Muhammad Adam  Yola  –    The Catholic Bishop of Yola Diocese, Bishop Dami Mamza has delivered Sunday sermon online, as part of measures to prevent the spread of Coronavirus. Mamza, who is the state Chairman of Christians Association of Nigeria (CAN), delivered the Holy Mass sermon through his tweeter handle and Facebook account on Sunday in Yola. He said the development was to comply with government’s  directives and that of the  association to  stay at home and observe social distancing. The clergy said Psalm 23  should be a source of consolation to all Christians in the state at this trying times. “The Coronavirus  curse  to the world is  no longer news to everyone because the whole nation is in difficult situation. “Nobody thought the spread of the disease will be devastating when it started in far away China,  as the whole nation is now being brought to its knees. “Christians worldwide should be reminded  that the lesson to be learnt in this hard time is that everybody has a responsibility toward God and one another, and God is in control and He knows everything, why and how long the virus will last,” he said. Mamza said that this is not a time to panic but a time to take courage and intensify prayers, saying: “we are in a war situation and with God we will win the battle”. He called on Christians to remain calm, explaining that the weapon of Coronavirus shall never prosper as the Lord will fight the virus for us. The clergy admonished Faithfuls to pray in their respective homes as God is there and God could never be found in a church or building alone but is everywhere with them. “Christians should not panic or feel depressed but be obedient by staying at home and obey directives by government and health experts as  God will heal the nation, state and families as a whole,” he prayed. News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) reports that some Churches in Yola conducted Church services on batches of 50 people per group in compliance with state government’s directives on social distancing. ( NAN) By Ismaila chafeAbuja - Presidency on Sunday described as unfair the comment by the Catholic Bishop of Yola Diocese, Rt. Rev. Fr. Stephen Mamza describing President Muhammadu as ”sleeping on duty as Commander-in-Chief.” Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, stated this in a statement… April 23, 2019 In "News" The Ogun State chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria(CAN) on Friday issued fresh directive asking churches in the state to shut down all activities, including House Fellowship, totally to prevent the spread of Coronavirus. In a statement on Friday by the State Chapter Chairman, Bishop Tunde Akin – Akinsanya,… March 27, 2020 In "News" Lagos - Some Catholic bishops have advised the ministers recently inaugurated by President Muhammadu Buhari to make service to Nigerians their watchword rather than lining their personal pockets. The bishops who spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) are Emmanuel Badejo (Oyo), Stephen Mamza (Yola) Felix Ajakaye (Ekiti) and John Niyiring… November 17, 2015 In "News"