By Victor Adeoti Osogbo – Gov. Gboyega Oyetola of Osun has urged corps members to work toward being employers of labour rather than job seekers after their one-year mandatory service. Oyetola made the remark at the passing-out parade of the 2019 Batch ‘A’ corps members on Thursday at Osogbo city stadium. The governor, who commended the corps members for their dedication, zeal and commitment during their service year, urged them to shun all forms of anti-social vices and pursue their life aspiration and goals wisely. Oyetola said: “We are indeed grateful to you for the dedication, zeal and commitment displayed during your service year. “I have no doubt that the NYSC scheme has awaken us to the capabilities of our youths in the onerous task of nation building. “Your various contributions will remain monumental to the nation’s greatness.’’ Earlier in his remark, Mr Ayodele Adegoke, the NYSC State Coordinator, said 2,300 corps members successfully completed the service year in the state. Adegoke said nine of the corps members absconded, while seven would have their service year extended for various misconduct which contravened the provisions of the NYSC Act. He commended the corps members for contributing immensely to the socio-economic development of the state. Adegoke said their contributions in the various sectors of the economy was a deep reflection of their dedication, discipline, selflessness and patriotism. He, however, urged the corps members to be resolute and be determined to earn a decent living through productive ventures after their service year. “Do not regard your disengagement from service as an end to selfless service but a continuous one wherever you may finally chose to settle down. “No matter how challenging the situation may be, it is not enough reason for anyone of you to indulge in any form of criminal activities, such as armed robbery, drug trafficking, internet fraud, among others. “Rather, see the unemployment problem in the country as a challenge which you must all overcome,” Adegoke said. (NAN)