The Commandant General of Nigerian Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC), Mr Abdullahi Gana, has directed the immediate deployment of disaster management operatives of the corps across the country as part of measures to curtail the speed spread of coronavirus pandemic. A statement issued by Ekunola Gbenga the Media Assistant to the Commandant General gave the directive when he met with his management team on Monday, March 23, 2020. According to him, Gana directed the directorates, especially the disaster management directorate to liaise with State Commandants across the nation to the adequate deployment of 9,500 personnel nationwide to curtain the speed spread of COVID 19. He said that the directive was in compliance with the order of the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola. Gbenga said the deployment cuts across the 774 Local Government Areas in the country for the safety of the people. He called for cultural, environmental protection, behavioural change of Nigerians in this trying period. Gbenga quoted Gana as saying that the Disaster operatives of the corps have been trained by United Nations both home and abroad, National Emergency Management Agency, International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Nigeria Nuclear and Regulatory Agency (NNRA) among others. The CG asked the officers to prepare for the task ahead while awaiting further directive from the Minister before the commencement of operation. He revealed that the Minister of Interior, Aregbesola, has promised kits and training for the officers to be deployed for the operations. Worried by the spate of COVID 19 and general apprehension of the epidemic in the country, the NSCDC boss, Abdullahi Gana call for individual three days fasting and prayer for the Nation. He emphasised the need for all well-meaning Nigerians to go on their knees and commit the nation to the hand of God to quell the spread of COVID 19 in our country. Gana, while encouraging the Corps personnel to participate actively in the three (3) days fasting and prayers, also call on all other security agencies, religious groups, including Christians and Muslims, civil servant, public servants and other good spirited Nigerians to join in the special prayer to invoke the spirit of God against COVID 19 in the Nation.