By Rukayat Adeyemi Lagos – The National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) says It is still awaiting response from the Council of Legal Education as regards admitting NOUN graduates into the Nigerian Law School. The Vice Chancellor of NOUN , Prof Abdalla Adamu, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. Adamu said that following the removal from NOUN enabling law, of the clauses – correspondence and part-time – which had generated the assumption that it was a part-time school and its law graduates wouldn’t be able to go to law school, NOUN notified the council of the removal. “Correspondence and part-time are the modes of delivery but that does not mean the university is part-time. “The law establishing the university said that the university is to deliver via multiple means including CDs, tape, correspondence and part-time, so it is not part-time university at all. “Because of moral mandate, the university decided to remove the correspondence and part-time from the law. “Thankfully, the National Assembly was able to do that, and by Dec. 7, 2018, President Muhammadu Buhari signed the law,” he said. Adamu said that following the development, the university wrote to the Council of Legal Education to inform it and clarify the misunderstanding arising from the correspondence and part-time clauses. He said that since then, the institution was still awaiting response from the council. “The purpose of any university is to provide grounded theory in any discipline. ” We don’t produce accountants but we teach accounting, we don’t produce nurses but we teach nursing; so, we don’t produce lawyers but we teach law. “If law graduates from this institution are prevented from going to the next level upon graduation, it is between them and the law school, not NOUN. “Ours is to teach them law according to National University Commision guideline, and we have done that, ” he said According to him, the NUC sent officials to come and inspect NOUN law programme and the university was given full accreditation. The vice -chancellor said that those who accredited the programme were lawyers and professors of law. The Chairman of the Council of Legal Education, Chief Emeka Ngige (SAN), had recently said that the council, being conscious of standard of education, resolved that products of part-time, evening law and open law programmes would not be admitted into the Nigerian Law School. He, however, said that the Director-General of Nigerian Law School, Prof. Isa Ciroma, had suggested that NOUN graduates should be admitted into Bar Part 1 instead of Bar Part 2. According to Ngige, NOUN graduates will have to run the Bar Part 1 for a full academic calendar year as in place of three months which foreign students spent. He said that when such students would have passed Bar Part 1 examination, he or she would be admitted to do Bar Part 2. He said that failing the examination would mean not doing Bar Part 2, adding that there would no chance of rewriting the Bar Part 1 examination. (NAN)