Somalia has tragically lost former footballer, Abdulkadir Mohamed Farah to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Somali Football Federation has confirmed. Farah passed away at a Northwest London Hospital on Tuesday (24 March 2020), after testing positive to the deadly virus last week. He was 59. SFF president, Abdiqani Said Arab, has commiserated with the bereaved family on the demise of Farah, who was an advisor to the Minister of Youth and Sport. Born on 15 February 1961, Farah was born in the city of Beledweyne, about 342 kilometres north of the capital Mogadishu. His football career dates back to 1976 when he first appeared in the national schools football tournament. He got promoted to regional level representing his home Hiiraan region in the 1979 regional football tournament. The regional tournament became a platform for him to showcase his talent and from there he was recruited by Batroolka Football Club where he had an illustrious playing career until late 1980s. For the past four years, he served as an advisor to the Minister of Youth and Sport of the Federal Government of Somalia. Source •Manu Dibango The African saxophone legend Manu Dibango has died in Paris after catching coronavirus. Dibango – best known for his 1972 song Soul Makossa – is one of the first global stars to die from Covid-19.  The 86-year-old fused jazz and funk music with traditional sounds from his home… March 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Ladipo gave the warning in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday to fans who were in the habit of gathering to watch football matches in their communities. He said that it was better to stay alive to watch many matches both at the local level… March 24, 2020 In "Health" Germany's all-time leading goalscorer Miroslav Klose has announced his retirement from international football. The 36-year-old Lazio striker helped his country win the World Cup in the summer, becoming the record scorer in the tournament's history. Klose, who totalled 71 goals in 137 internationals, became the third player to score at… August 11, 2014 In "Sports"