By Diana Omueza  The Centre for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD), a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), has urged the Federal Government to fast track the setting up of National Disability Commission to manage activities of Persons with Disabilities (PWDs) in Nigeria. Mr David Anyaele, CCD Executive Director, said this on Tuesday in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), against the backdrop of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed recently for creation of a disability data bank in Nigeria. NAN reports that federal government on March 12, collaborated with the Basic Registry and Information System in Nigeria (BRISIN), to create the First Disability Data Bank in the country’s history. The MoU was signed by Dr Samuel Ankeli, Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to the President on Disability Matters with Dr Anthony Uwa, Head of BRISIN. Anyaele said that the establishment of the disability commission was paramount for the implementation of the Discrimination against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act 2018. “While we agree that data is critical for effective implementation of the national disability act, it is more important that government structure its approach in a manner that ensures sustainability. “We are of the opinion that rather than signing MoU, government should set up the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities in compliance with the provisions of Disabilities Act. “The federal government should implement without further delay section 2 of the act by taking appropriate measures to raise awareness on the rights, dignity and contributions of Persons with Disabilities (PWDs) in Nigeria,’’ he said. Anyaele said that the organisation had resolved to continue to draw the attention of the governments on its roles and responsibilities to ensure full implementation of the act. He said that the establishment of the law and the implementation of the law was one of the key ways to ensure that PWDs were included in all government plans and polices. (NAN)