By Nana Musa  Abuja –   Most commercial drivers across the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), had compiled with the directive on spacing of passengers to curb the spread of COVID- 19. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), correspondent, who monitored the situation on Sunday at Gwarimp, observed that most commercial drivers had complied with the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) directives. FRSC has directed drivers to space passengers to help curb the spread of coronavirus in FCT. Mr Wale Ojo, a commercial driver, said the spacing was necessary, and advised other drivers to follow the directive in their own interest. “I would have stopped working because I am scared of the virus, but my family depend on me for their daily feeding,” he said. NAN reports that most passengers were happy on the development, and urged FRSC to monitor motorists to ensure compliance. NAN also reports that FRSC had earlier urged public transport operators to comply with the directive of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), to put measures in place to contain the spread of the virus. (NAN) By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has commenced massive sensitisation of drivers in motor-parks in Enugu on social distancing in their commercial vehicles to check spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19). News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Enugu State Government had earlier directed commercial vehicle drivers… March 28, 2020 In "Metro" By Patience Omoha-Longyen Abuja, - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has warned commercial motorists in Gwagwalada Area Council of Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to stop overloading their vehicles for safety reasons. Mr Sunday Attah, the FRSC Gwagwalada Unit Commander, gave the warning on Tuesday in an interview with News… May 21, 2019 In "Metro" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Road Transport Employers Association (RTEAN), Lagos State Chapter, on Monday welcomed the state government’s directives on public transport to contain spread of COVID-19, promising strict adherence to them. Alhaji Abdulrahman Amusan, the Secretary of the association, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… March 23, 2020 In "News"