Kazeem Akande Lagos – The Lagos State Action Democratic Party(ADP) governorship candidate in 2019 election, Mr Babatunde Gbadamosi, has rejoined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that the ADP governorship candidate,along with his deputy governorship candidate, Mrs Abibat Adeosun, formally defected to the PDP at the party’s secretariat in Lagos on Monday. Gbadamosi and his supporters were received back into the party by the state PDP Chairman, Mr Deji Doherty. NAN reports that Gbadamosi joined the ADP in October 2017 after leaving the PDP where he was governorship aspirant in 2011 and 2015 but lost the ticket to Dr Ade Dosunmu and Mr Jimi Agbaje, respectively. Gbadamosi said he was rejoining the PDP to contribute to efforts to wrestle power from the All Progressives Congress (APC) and provide governance to improve the lots of residents. “Presently, there are problems in Lagos. In fact, we have serious problems but we shall solve them together. “We are going to solve the problem as one house and not as a divided house. “As the party chairman and other excos have kindly given me free pass to re-enter the party, I am telling you right now that my job in PDP is to help the efforts to build a winning team that would knock out those people in 2023,” he said. Gbadamosi said Lagosians deserved much more than what they were getting and urged residents to make the right choice in 2023 to change the state of affairs. He said the PDP was the party for the masses, poised to giving Lagosians a better deal and promised that residents would get the kind of state they desire if they make the right leadership choice in 2023. Gbadamosi said he was devastated by Sunday’s explosion at Abule- Ado area of the state which killed many people and destroyed dozens of property. He called for full investigation and action to forestall a reocurrence. The Lagos PDP chairman, in his address, said the party was pleased to welcome Gbadamosi back home to the fold, describing him as a grounded and experienced politician. He said with politician like Gbadamosi back in the party, the PDP was on the path of progress in the state. Doherty called on party faithful to own the party and do their best to contribute to the electoral goals of the party. (NAN)