The legal status of the anti-Oshiomole arrow head and the Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Victor Giadom, has been questioned The Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr. Yekini Nabena, said Giadom lacks the legal right to the position he currently occupies having resigned from the National Working Committee (NWC) to contest as the running mate to Tony Cole, the party’s governorship candidate in Rivers State during the 2019 general elections. APC’s deputy spokesman, while chatting with newsmen in Abuja on Saturday, questioned the legality of the Tuesday Emergency National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting convened by Giadom. He explained that he (Gaidom) has resigned and ought not to occupy the office, let alone call for Emergency NEC meeting. Nabena described as “strange and an aberration that Giadom still attends meetings of the National Working Committee (NWC) and could call for a NEC meeting” when he has resigned from the Committee to contest in Rivers State. He wanted party stakeholders not to lose sight of due process and the dictates of the party’s constitution. “It should be known that Victor Giadom tendered his resignation letter to the National Working Committee (NWC) to contest the 2019 election as the Party’s Deputy Governorship candidate in Rivers State. “It is strange and an aberration that he still attends meetings of the NWC, occupies the office of Deputy National Secretary and convenes a NEC meeting. “In our politicking, we must not lose sight of due process and the dictates of the Party’s constitution.” He also faulted the purported endorsement of Giadom as replacement to Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as National Chairman. On this, Nabena said: “I call on members of our party and the public to disregard the so called zonal caucus meeting which held on Thursday at the Edo State Governor’s Lodge in Abuja. T”meeting was neither convened nor attended by the APC National Vice Chairman (South South), Hilliard Eta and Leader of the party in the South-South, Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege. “Hence all decisions reached at the purported meeting is a nullity and definitely does not reflect the views and stand of the Party’s South South caucus. “Specifically, on the purported meeting’s request that the APC National Executive Committee (NEC) confirm Victor Giadom as acting National Chairman, we cannot be taken for a ride because of the political and 2023 presidential aspirations of his (Giadom) sponsor and godfather who is attempting to control the Party’s structure.” At the wake of the crisis that gripped the party, Gaidom had announced that he had taken over the running of the party following an Abuja court-order that suspended Oshiomhole from parading himself as national chairman.