By Anita Eboigbe  Abuja – Nollywood actress and filmmaker, Ego Boyo has called for government intervention in Makoko community, Lagos which she spotlighted in her film; ‘The Ghost and The House of Truth’. Boyo is a Nollywood veteran actress popular for her role as Ann Haastrup in classic TV series, ‘Checkmate’ ’ and as actor/producer for the critically acclaimed 90’s film ‘Violated’. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the film follows a counsellor’s actions after she discovers her 15-year-old child is missing. Speaking with NAN on Wednesday, Boyo said, “Makoko is one of those things, you have to see to believe. The film shares startling shots of Makoko community framed to show the issues its inhabitants go through. Makoko is a neighborhood community across the Third Mainland Bridge located on the coast of mainland Lagos. A third of the community is built on stilts along the lagoon and the rest is on the land. With a population of over 85, 000 people according to the National Population Commission, Makoko is famous in the media for being an impoverished slum. The extent of the poor living conditions was shown in Boyo’s film, ‘The Ghost and the House of Truth’. The film stars Kate Henshaw as Officer Stainless, Toyin Oshinaike as Uncle Joe, Susan Wokoma as Bola Ogun, Mario Obruthe as Tomi, Imoleayo Olusanya as Nike and Dara Egerton-Shyngle as Susan. “It became a euphemism for the rot and decay not only of that particular area, but of the entire city and the psyche of the individuals who live there.” On the importance of showing the community in the film, Boyo said, “The aerial shots of Makoko reveal clearly to anyone the need for a clean-up of that community and of the state. It is a physical clean up as well as a psychological one.” Boyo told NAN that she was encouraged about the role of film in national development when the South Korean government made positive changes in the living conditions of some slum dwellers, following the release of the film, ‘Parasite’. She said, “I was encouraged by the changes at work in South Korea after the release of the Oscar winning film, ‘Parasite’ that focused attention on the living conditions of some of its residents. “I hope the Nigerian government can come to see film making as almost a collaborative effort between them and film makers, as filmmakers highlight areas that may otherwise go unnoticed. She also noted that the intervention in the community should be holistic and one that the inhabitants will be part of, in order to guarantee its success. Boyo said, “My hope is for the government of Lagos state to really move into that community in a new and meaningful way. “The solution does not lie in throwing the residents out, but getting them involved in a planned and targeted transformation drive. “They need to engage in a public and private sector driven initiative to design a road map for improvement in that community, commit resources and manpower to turning that community around,” she said. She added that despite the intermittent interventions that have gone on in the community over the years, a joint intervention would be effective. She said, “over the years, many private individuals, NGOs and foundations have tried to leave a footprint in that community, but I think it has to be a joint endeavour, that actively involves the residents of that community as well. “It cannot be something done to them or for them, but something they actively support, encourage and embrace as well.” (NAN)