By Funmilayo Adeyemi  Abuja – Mr Chukwudi Ekezie, an Executive Director of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday, bowed out of office after attaining the compulsory 60 years retirement age. Ekezie, who retired after 28 years of meritorious service at the Abuja office of the agency, was described by staff as a man of humility, teacher, professional to the core and a motivator. The Acting Managing Director of the agency, Mr Ibrahim Mammaga commended Ekezie for his role in tutoring young journalists on professionalism as it concerned the job. Mammaga described the retired executive director as the ombudsman of the agency who always watched out for accuracy in all news turned out from the agency. He also depicted him as a man who ensured that values were added to every news item both in grammar and in substance. Mr Wale Alabi, Head of the Sports Desk, said most of the good hands in the agency were bowing out, stressing the need for the agency to consider opening a training institute for journalists. Also, Hajia Hadiza Aliyu, Head of Health Desk, expressed her gratitude for his ever been there to teach her things she ought to know. She said that the retired executive director was always ready to correct and impact knowledge to his subordinates as an ombudsman of the agency. Also speaking on the life time achievement of Ekezie, Mrs Perpetua Onuegbu while expressing her emotions prayed that God would bless him in his new phase of life. In his remarks, Ekezie thanked the Almighty God who sustained him throughout his 28 years in service and the NAN management for the opportunity given to serve the agency. Ekezie, who also appreciated the management for the enabling environment to work, charged staff to always be dedicated towards their work. “It has not all been rosy but these years in NAN have taught me what I could not have learnt elsewhere. “Three years in NAN is more than an average 15 years in other media houses because you have the opportunity to meet experienced journalists. “What elevates you in this project is to be professional. Many wanted to be lawyers, for the ladies, they thought journalism was glamour but some of us were inspired by those we met. “Coincidentally, the person who inspired me to get to journalism, I have never met him in life. “Times have changed, when you get into the newsroom, you begin a new life of learning. What your teachers taught you changes when you get into the newsroom, ’’ he added. He also charged reporters to take it as a responsibility to build the trust of their editors through their copies. Ekezie further advised editors to adhere to professional ethics in editing stories rather than putting personal interest before the job. “It is your responsibility as reporters to give to your editor what to work with and you must build your trust on your commitment to allow your editors to trust you. “For us journalists, we should be up to our game. You will get to a level of decision making and as a leader which is the editor, any decision you take, make sure you defend it,’’ he said. Ekezie was employed in the agency on Feb. 3, 1992 as a senior correspondent and retired as the Ombudsman of the agency. (NAN)