By Abiodun Lawal Omu-Ijebu (Ogun) – Students of Tai Solarin College of Education (TASCE), Omu-Ijebu, Ogun, have decried activities of traditional “Oro’’ worshippers. The students expressed their grievances on Tuesday when the Special Adviser to Gov. Dapo Abiodun on Student Matters, Azeez Adeyemi visited the school in continuation of his campus tour in the state. The students alleged that the adherents of `Oro’ during their rites always imposed curfews and other stringent rules on the students’ community. They noted that the curfews and stringent rules were threatening their peace and also affecting their academic activities. The students alleged that the worshippers had been infringing on their rights in the name of ”Oro mawo sokoto” meaning no lady should wear shorts or trouser and ”Oro ma tan ina”, meaning no students should put on light. The students explained that the imposition was really affecting their academic performance and their freedom to move freely around the community. They condemned the imposition of curfews by the “Oro’’ adherents and called on the government to look into the matter before it ruin their education. Oluwatobiloba Adefesobi, the President, Students Union Government (SUG) of the institution, said that the activities of the “Oro” adherents had threatened the peace of the students. Adefesobi added that the “Oro” rites were always done during the time students were preparing for their examinations. “’The Oro rites always start by 9 p.m. when our students are still moving around and getting set for their examination. This is not right,’’ he said. The SUG president called on the state government to urgently check the excesses of the “Oro’’ worshippers before it degenerated into a major crisis between the students and indigenes of the town. While addressing the issue, the Divisional Police Officer in charge of Omu, Abiola Adeboje, appealed to the students to continue to tolerate the “Oro” worshippers. Adeboje said that the students must respect the culture and tradition of their host community. He assured the students of police protection and urged them to be peaceful and law abiding, saying that they would not be hurt by any individual; either “Oro” adherents or indigenes. In his response, the special adviser to the governor assured that the government would promptly address the issue to avoid a major crisis. He assured that the government would meet with the community heads and the traditional ruler in the town to see how the issue would be resolved peacefully. “Our students cannot come here to labour hard and not have the total freedom to have access to their books for reading,” he said. Adeyemi urged the students to shun cultism and other social vices, saying the government would not tolerate any act capable of disturbing the peace of the state. The Provost of the institution, Dr Adeola Kiadese, commended the governor for reviving the school after facing so many challenges under the past administration. (NAN)