Ondo State based Mr. Ojo Kayode, accused of specialising in robbing exotic cars, has disclosed why it was possible for the Police to arrest him after a car hijacking operation. Ojo, 52, said his potent charm that could have ensured that he remained “invisible” or “disappear” from robbery scene, lost its potency and decided to cast the charm away because his insatiable love for sex and observance of the rules of the voodoo item, do not go together. Ojo said the native doctor who prepared the ‘juju'(charm) for him, instructed him never to make love to a woman if he knew he would be needing the charm for protection at a given period, warning that any sexual intercourse with a woman weakens its potency. “The charm loses its potency because of women. Women spoil am. I cannot stay without touching woman. The native doctor told me not go near a woman the day I want to use it but I cannot stay without touching woman. So, the charm spoilt. If I put it in my pocket, nobody will see me,” he said. He was paraded at Eleweran, the Ogun State Police Command Headquarters, before reporters along with his accomplices by the Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, for robbing victims at their respective homes and dispossessing them of exotic cars, especially Camry products, and other valuables. Ojo told The Nation that he honed his criminal act with stealing of harvested Cocoa from farmers in Ondo State, recalling that in the past when he used to keep his charm in the pocket while on stealing mission, victims of the theft or the Police won’t be able to see him as he would remain “invisible” and passed unnoticed by the ordinary eyes. The suspect who could scarcely speak Pidgin English, claimed to have stolen nine Camry cars from where they were parked, including those parked by the roadside by the owners who stopped briefly to buy something from across the road. According to him, he and his gang members usually dispose the cars at the rate of N400, 000:00k per one. The father of two claimed that having never taken part in any robbery operation in Ogun State, he was shocked when Policemen from the Ogun Police Command stormed his Akure residence last week and arrested him. However, 47 other crime suspects including Misinee Serike, who hacked his wife to death while she was asleep, a fake lawyer; Lawrence Oyedunu, fake immigration Officers – Emeka Ibe Anyanwu, James Chibueze Okocha, Moses Michael and Oyekunle Adeoye, were also paraded on Thursday by the Police Commissioner, Ebrimson. The Nation