The Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Mr Chikwe Ihekweazu, has said that he is on self-isolation, and not quarantine as reported, over fears of being infected with Coronavirus. The NCDC DG who was part of a high-level delegation by the World Health Organisation (WHO), returned from China on February 24. His response comes hours after the Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, briefed the senate leadership on Tuesday that the NCDC DG is currently under self-quarantine for possible infection of the deadly coronavirus. Watch Video Below: Dr Ihekweazu explained on Channels Television Sunrise Daily on Wednesday, that contrary to reports, he has been in isolation for nine days as part of the regulations made, that 14-day isolation must be observed. “I am on self-isolation; this is a procedural thing because I was part of a high-level delegation by the World Health Organisation, there were 12 global health leaders across the world, and I was the only African and it was a huge privilege to be part of this team. “I’ve been back for nine days and I have five more days, I got back to Nigeria on the 24th, I’ve been doing my work from home just in respect to the regulations we made, because we put out the guidelines that we should stay at home for 14 days,” he stated. Dr Ihekweazu, whose visit to China made him understand the response level, said the report produced by the delegation has influenced the response of the world to the COVID-19 virus. He maintained that since his return, he has conducted a series of tests to justify that he has not been infected by the novel virus. “We went to China, visited several cities, to understand the response, and the reports we produced have influenced the response of the rest of the world. “Quarantine is when you are kept in a place and enforced by the military or police to protect the population. “Meanwhile I have had series of tests just to assure everyone and I am fine doing well,” he maintained. Source: Channels TV