By Ifeanyi Olannye  Asaba – Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has felicitated with former governor of Imo, Rt Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, on his 55th birthday. Ihedioha clocked 55 on Tuesday, March 24. Okowa, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, on Tuesday in Asaba, extolled the former Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives for his “Re-build Imo Agenda” while he served as governor of the state. He described Ihedioha as a worthy son of Imo and a politician with great finesse. Okowa said that in spite of the temporary setback to Ihedioha, he remained an uncommon leader, well loved by his people. He urged him not to relent in his quest to provide good governance to the people of Imo. “It is heartwarming to note that you have, through hard work, discipline and uncommon vision, won the admiration and respect of the Imo people and the nation. “Your focus and commitment to the Re-build Imo Agenda is legendary and worthy of commendation,” Okowa said. He said that the people of Imo did not make any mistake when they voted Okowa into office to lead them until the “ ill-fated” ruling by the Supreme Court. “I can attest to your devotion to excellence, commitment, simplicity and integrity, and these qualities will continue to be a source of inspiration to all whose lives you have affected in many ways. “We remain proud of your leadership role in the National Assembly when you served as Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives in the 7th Assembly. “We will continue to make supplications to God to grant you good health and greater years ahead,” he said. Okowa said that if Ihedioha would not relent in doing well, he would soon have his day again with the Imo people. “On behalf of my family, the government and people of Delta, I join your admirers and friends across the country to congratulate you, my dear brother and friend, Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, on the occasion of your 55th birth anniversary. “It is our prayer that God will continue to bless you with good health and many more years of great accomplishments,” he said. (NAN)