By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  – Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has announced that he has tested positive for COVID-19. “I just received my COVID-19 confirmation test result. It is POSITIVE. I am asymptomatic and will continue to self-isolate,” Mr Makinde wrote on his Twitter handle which he has used to distribute official information in the past. “I have designated Prof Temitope Alonge, former Chief Medical Director of the University College, Ibadan, as the Head of COVID-19 Task Force while I recover fully. Please continue to comply with all the directives from the COVID-19 Task Force. Stay home, stay safe,” he added. Mr Makinde joins a growing list of top public officials who have tested positive for the virus. They include the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abba Kyari, Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna and Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi. Nigeria has recorded 111 cases of COVID-19 so far. Two people have died from the disease while eight have recovered and have been discharged. •Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State KADUNA - Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has declared that he has tested positive to the coronavirus pandemic. He thus becomes the second governor after Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State to test positive to the virus. He said said he has gone… March 28, 2020 In "Top Stories" The activities Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai engaged in days before he tested positive for COVID-19, have been revealed. Recall that El-Rufai had on Saturday via Twitter, revealed that he tested positive for the deadly coronavirus. He is in self isolation as required by the case management guidelines… March 30, 2020 In "News" As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News"