By Emmanuel Acha Enugu – Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has suspended all social gatherings including marriage and burial ceremonies till further notice as a measure to contain possible spread of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in the state. Ugwuanyi made the announcement on Tuesday while addressing newsmen on measures put in place by his administration to contain the scourge. He instructed religious organisations to observe social distancing protocol during worships as advised by the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). The governor also directed closure of all educational institutions and instructed public and civil servants in the state to work from home until further notice. He however, said that workers on essential duties would continue to render their services. Such workers include health workers, forest guards, water corporation staff, waste management operators and staff of Enugu State Emergency Management Agency The rest are neighborhood watch personnel and fire fighters. Ugwuanyi also suspended masquerade festivals, drinking bars, night clubs and all group sporting and recreational activities. “The social distancing protocol as by NCDC should be observed during public religious worships as well as in restaurants and eatries. “Public transporters are to observe the following on passenger conveyance at each instance: tricycles should not carry more than two passengers. “Commuter buses should not carry more than two passengers per seat while city cabs should not carry more than two passengers,” he said. The governor directed all local government chairmen to mobilise their environmental and community health workers to continue to sensitise residents of the state on the best way to be free from COVID-19. Ugwuanyi advised residents of the state to make adequate provision for their basic needs and for all public institutions to maintain the best possible hygiene. He directed law enforcement agencies to ensure strict compliance to all the directives. Ugwuanyi commended health workers in the state for their efforts to contain the scourge and appealed to residents of the state to make the necessary sacrifices to protect their future. (NAN)