By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday declared a total lockdown of Lagos, Ogun states, and Federal Capital Territory (FCT) following the outbreak of coronavirus pandemic in Nigeria. However, some essential establishments were exempted from the lockdown in these three cities where total lockdown were affected. The President declared this in his address on a nationwide broadcast, he stated that based on the advice of the Federal Ministry of Health and the NCDC, it became imperative that an initial lockdown period of 14 days be imposed. According to the President, the curfew begins from 11pm on Monday, 30th March 2020. He noted that Lagos and Abuja have the majority of confirmed cases in Nigeria, hence the lockdown is in line with the government’s focus to urgently and drastically contain these cases, and to support other states and regions in the best way possible. However, there are establishments that were exempted from the total lockdown in the states, and this means that these establishments will be allowed to partially operate. Below are some of those who are exempted from the order according to President Muhammadu Buhari. 2. Medical establishments 3. Broadcasters 4. Food processing, distribution and retail companies 5. Petroleum distribution and retail entities 6. Power generation, transmission and distribution companies 7. Hospitals 8. Telecommunications Workers 9. Health care manufacturing and distribution companies 10. Print media staff 11. Electronic media personnel.  By Gami Tadanyigbe Kuje (FCT) - The Gomo of Kuje, Alhaji Jibrin Tanko, on Monday advised residents in the Federal Capital Territory to obey the Federal Government’s 14-day restriction to curb the spread of COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. The traditional ruler gave the advice in an interview with the News… March 30, 2020 In "News" By Esenvosa Izah Lagos - The Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for the steps so far taken to curtail the spread of Coronavirus in the country. The Director-General, Mr Timothy Olawale, made the commendation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… March 30, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari, has ordered a conditional cash payment to vulnerable Nigerians amidst the ravaging coronavirus disease. The president made the announcement in a nationwide broadcast on Sunday, where he also ordered a lockdown of Lagos, Ogun and Abuja. Buhari orders cash payment to vulnerable Nigerians for 2 months The… March 30, 2020 In "Politics"