The Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, was among over sixty (60) Institutions invited to make presentation at the recent Public Hearing on the controversial “Protection from Internet Falsehoods, Manipulations and Other Related Matters Bill 2019 (‘The Social Media Bill’). Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters organised the public hearing as part of legislative process to either pass the Bill into law or dropped. The Bill aims to prevent the transmission of false statements and provides for measures for protection from internet falsehood and manipulations. The Bill also provides in Section 1 (c) that it will provide measures to be taken to detect, control and safeguard against coordinated inauthentic behaviour and other forms of misuse of online accounts and tools. Presenting NCC’s case against the Bill, the Executive Vice Chairman, Professor Umar Danbatta, said the Commission believes such Bill should be withdrawn and reworked or dropped. The Commission, therefore enumerated five (5) reasons the Bill should be dropped by the Senate: “1. Certain provisions of the Bill are difficult to implement since majority of the websites and online media (‘Online Locations’) are hosted outside the Country. “2. Certain provisions of the Bill could be used to infringe or violate citizens’ right of free speech and potentially other human rights. “3. The Bill gives too much power to the Nigerian Police (‘Law Enforcement Department’) to the extent of being the judge (‘deciding what constitutes falsehood’), jury (‘deciding if falsehood occurred’) and executioner (‘taking the necessary actions’). “4. Some provisions of the Bill are already covered in several existing legislation. For example, the Cybercrime (Prohibition, prevention etc.) Act, 2015, and the Advance Fee Fraud and other Fraud Related Offences Act 2006. There is also the Data Protection Bill which has been submitted for consideration. “5. The Bill has general drafting anomalies, such as referring to ‘Sections’ as ‘Clauses’ and making references to words that are alien to the Nigerian jurisprudence. Based on the above reviews under General Comments, it is our opinion that the National Assembly may need a complete redraft of the Bill to ensure it aligns with existing laws in Nigeria.” Recall, the Bill was introduced on the floor of the Nigerian Senate in November 2019 by Muhammed Musa, a senator representing Niger East, to regulate the social media and curb fake news on the internet. Source: techeconomy.ng