A tenant identified as Oyize Peter, was on Sunday allegedly disfigured by her landlord, Ubasinachi Ekweozor, and his wife, Anulika, over unpaid water and electricity bills at their house located at No, 78, Amudalatu Agodo, Ikotun, Lagos. A source who shared the story said: “Oyize was owing electricity bills and her house was disconnected. This infuriated her landlord because the tenant’s house was also connected to the pumping machine that serves the entire compound. So the landlord called an electrician to connect the machine’s wire to his own apartment and also called a plumber to disconnect Oyize’s pipe so she wouldn’t have water, but she didn’t allow that and it led to an exchange of words. Calm was later restored and the tenant returned to her apartment. However, Oyize was in the kitchen when the landlady allegedly took her unawares and used an axe to mar her face.” The victim has since been rushed to a hospital while the culprits have been whisked to Ikotun Police Station where they are currently cooling off. See photos below: Source By Stanley Nwanosike —- Enugu -   The Enugu Electricity Distribution Company has appealed to landlords, caretakers and agents of property to ensure that their out-going tenants clear all electricity bills before leaving the house. EEDC Head of Communication, Mr Emeka Ezeh, made the appeal while speaking with the News… September 4, 2018 In "Business" A woman, Mrs Comfort Giwa, said she got the beating of her life when her landlord, Mr Adisa Lukman, openly brutalised her for allegedly turning down his love advances. The incident, according to Comfort, happened on February 9, 2020, while she was talking to a friend outside their residence at… February 22, 2020 In "Metro" A 42-year old tenant, Damilare Adeoya, has killed his landlord after catching him having sex with his wife in his matrimonial bed in Osun state, It was gathered that the angry man used a cutlass to kill his landlord on the fateful day. According to PM Express, the incident happened… March 27, 2020 In "Metro"