By Leke Baiyewu, Abuja ABUJA – The House of Representatives has started taking delivery of the Toyota Camry 2020 model cars acquired for members as official cars, otherwise called utility vehicles. Our correspondent sighted some of the cars at different parking lots within the National Assembly Complex, on Thursday. The legislators had at an executive (closed-door) session on February 5, 2020, resolved to purchase 400 units of the exotic car. The House has, however, kept sealed lips on the cost of each unit as the contract for the supply it was learnt was not awarded to accredited Toyota dealers. Our correspondent observed that the House procured the V6 Limited Edition variant of the car. Chairman of the Committee on House Services, Mr. Wale Raji, who confirmed delivery of the cars declined to respond to further enquiries. The cars, which belong to the National Assembly, are usually auctioned to the lawmakers after four years. A check on the website of Toyota revealed that each of the vehicles – depending on the variant, has a price tag of between US$25,000 to US $35,000, excluding the cost of shipping and custom duties, which is about 100 per cent of the actual cost of each unit. For instance, those with higher specification, which most often than not is the preferred choice of lawmakers, could cost tax payers a tidy sum. Vehicles in this range are: XLE at $29,455, XLE V6 at $34,580, XSE at $30,005 and XSE V6 at $35,130. Already, about 14 Toyota Land Cruiser Prado sports utility vehicles have already been handed out to presiding as well as other principal officers and chairmen of select House committees. Some lawmakers who were contacted on Thursday said they had yet to receive vehicles delivered in “the first batch.” Giving a breakdown of how the vehicles are shared, a member of the House, who spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of retribution, said, the 400 saloon cars would be allocated to each of the 360 members and some top management staff, Chiefs of Staff to the (two) presiding officers as well as some of their special advisers and assistants. The lawmaker explained that new members who did not get committee appointments would benefit from the first batch. The Punch The House of Representatives has started taking delivery of the Toyota Camry 2020 model cars acquired for members as official cars, otherwise called utility vehicles, The PUNCH has reported, A The PUNCH correspondent sighted some of the cars at different parking lots within the National Assembly Complex, on Thursday. The… March 27, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group under the auspices of Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project, SERAP, and 192 concerned Nigerians have filed a lawsuit asking the Federal High Court in Abuja to restrain and stop Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr. Femi Gbajabiamila and all members of… February 23, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Aniebo Nwamu A year or two ago, I would have sworn that such a thing would not happen in a Muhammadu Buhari presidency: unproductive legislators attacking the public treasury on all fronts and displaying their loot with impunity. My faith in Buhari’s anti-corruption credentials got reinforced during a media… April 24, 2016 In "Opinion"