By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Executive Vice Chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Prof. Umar Danbatta, on Saturday in Lagos received an Outstanding Regulator of the Year Award for setting performance standard in the country’s telecommunication industry. Danbatta was honoured at the Pacesetters Independent Newspaper Awards 2020 which celebrated excellence in various fields in the country. Zenith Bank won the Bank of the Year, while Airtel received Telecommunications Company of the Year in the 27 categories awards held at Eko Hotels, Victoria Island, Lagos. Among other award recipients were Edo Governor Godwin Obaseki, who received Governor of the Year in Economic and Youth Empowerment; Kano Governor Abdullahi Ganduje – Man of the Year and Lagos Assembly Speaker, Mudashiru Obasa, who bagged State Legislator of the Year award. Others included Deputy Gov. of Delta State, Kingsley Otuaro – Peace Ambassador of the Niger Delta, Central Bank of Nigeria – Federal Institution of the Year, while Mercy Johnson-Okojie was Actor of the Year. The Managing Director/Editor-in-Chief of Independent Newspapers, Mr Steve Omanufeme, said the event was to recognise and honour eminent Nigerians who had contributed to the development of the country. “Today is the day we recognise and honour eminent Nigerians who have done well in their respectful fields. “We are pleased to celebrate and honour you for your contributions,” Omanufeme said. Speaking on behalf of the awardees, NCC Spokesman, Dr Henry Nkemadu, who represented Danbatta, said the Commission would continue to contribute to the Gross Domestic Product of the country and sustain excellence in all areas of service. “We are grateful for the award and recognition as the Outstanding Regulator of the Year. “Our work touches the lives of every Nigerian and we will continue to contribute to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the country. “We dedicate the award to the consumers and other ICT teams,” he said. The Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare II, was the Royal Father of the Day at the awards which featured cultural displays by various dance troupes. NAN