Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Chief Medical Director, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the
CMD. The Statement reads: “On Monday 23rd March, we commenced a 12man quarterly board
meeting which was meant to last 5 days in the hospital, we observed social
distancing and other precautionary measures for COVID-19 as much as possible. “However, on Wednesday morning, one of us presented with what
appeared to be symptoms of COVID-19, his samples were immediately taken for
test and the meeting called off. “His results returned positive on Friday morning and every
participant (including me) immediately went into self-isolation while our
samples were also taken for test. “Unfortunately, my result returned positive on Saturday
afternoon and I remain in isolation as I am not symptomatic. All staff who have
been in contact with me and other participants during this period have been
advised to immediately proceed on self-isolation pending the time they get
tested. “COVID-19 is spreading faster than we think and I enjoin
everyone to take precautions. If one person has it, then a gathering of two
becomes dangerous. Stay at home, avoid unnecessary outing and stay safe.”  Australia's home affairs minister confirmed Friday that he tested positive for the novel coronavirus, less than a week after meeting with Attorney General William Barr, senior White House adviser Ivanka Trump and other White House officials. In a statement, Minister Peter Dutton said that he woke up on Friday morning… March 13, 2020 In "Health" The Bauchi State government has confirmed a second case of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr. Aliyu Maigoro, announced this during a press briefing on Thursday in Bauchi. According to him, the second case is a 62-year-old male and a close friend of… March 26, 2020 In "News" By Philip Dzeremo Makurdi - The Benue Government on Saturday announced the state’s first case of COVID-19 in Makurdi, the state capital. Gov Samuel Ortom made the announcement at a press briefing in Makurdi shortly after an emergency meeting of the State Emergency Response Team (SERT), on COVID-19. Ortom said… March 28, 2020 In "News"