By Lilian Okoro  Lagos – A General Physician, Dr Olumuyiwa Akinola, on Wednesday, urged Nigerians to include iodine-rich foods in their diet to prevent goiter. Akinola, who works with the Isolo General Hospital, Lagos State, made the call in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. According to an online publication, mayoclinic.org, a goiter (GOI-tur) is an abnormal enlargement of your thyroid gland. Your thyroid is a butterfly-shaped gland located at the base of your neck just below your Adam’s apple. “Though, goiters are usually painless, a large goiter can cause a cough and make it difficult for you to swallow or breathe. The most common cause of goiters worldwide is a lack of iodine in the diet.’’ Akinola said: “Developed countries use iodised salt in their diet; the cause of goiter may be linked to thyroid hormone imbalance or nodule in the gland.” He said that when the size of the thyroid gland became enormous, it might cause compression or deviation of the trachea, hoarseness of voice, difficulty in swallowing and breathing. Akinola said that the only preventive measure of goiter was for an individual to pay more attention to the iodine content in his or her diet. “Salt can be easily iodised. It is a good vehicle to ensure adequate daily supply of iodine. “Make sure you eat iodised salt, especially if you are staying in areas where the soil is deficient in iodine. “Eat seafoods containing iodine such as shrimps, shell fish, as well as fruits and vegetables,’’ the expert said. He also advised that an individual with goiter should prevent over exposure to radiation. Akinola said iodine deficiency remained a public health problem in the world, adding “it is also a leading cause of preventable mental retardation and brain damage’’. According to him, research revealed that iodine deficiency affects about two billion people worldwide, saying, it is most common in developing countries where people may lack access to enough healthy food. “But, it can also affect people in the developed countries who lack an adequate diet or whose bodies do not correctly process iodine. “Pregnant women require more iodine than any other group of people. “Because of this, they are likely to experience a deficiency if they do not make a conscious effort to consume high iodine-rich foods,’’ he said. The medical expert also advised Nigerians to consult their health care providers if they noticed any swelling in the neck. (NAN)