By Huseyn Abubakar Mbar. Bauchi – Bauchi State Governmet in collaboration with two International agencies had earmarked N20 million for the construction of household improved latrines in the State. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the two International agencies are the Department for International Development of the United Kingdom (DFID) and United Nations Children Education Fund (UNICEF). Bauchi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Mr Jidauna Mbami, said this on Monday at a press conference to mark 2020 World Water Day in Bauchi. Mbami said that it was part of efforts being made to prevent communicable diseases and improve health of the people. He said that the fund tagged “Sanitation pool fund” would be managed by Micro Finance Institutions (MFI) as revolving Fund that would scale up the construction of improved household latrines. Mbami said that over 700 children under five years of age died yearly from diarrhoea that was attributed to inadequate water, sanitation and hygiene. According to him, with the emergence of diseases like Coronavirus, there is need for regular hand washing with soap to safeguard against contracting the disease. Mbami said that from 2017 to date, DFID and UNICEF had spent N2.5 million on the construction of SHAWN Projects in 12 Council Areas of the state. Mbami said that Dass, Warji, Gamawa, Shira, Toro, Bogoro, Ganjuwa, Zaki, Bauchi, Katagum, Ningi and Alkaleri Councils benefitted from the SHAWN projects. He said that the projects were sited in rural communities, schools and Primary Health Centres (PHCs). “The state government has released its monthly counterpart funds that has spurred DFID to increase funding for Sanitation, Hygiene and Water. ”This has improved the provision of safe drinking water to 2.15 million people in some rural communities,” he said. The Commissioner said that the state government would soon embark on construction and rehabilitation of semi-urban and urban water schemes with the assistance of the African Development Bank. He said that 2.3 million people were expected to benefit from the semi-urban and urban water schemes in the State. (NAN).