Nigeria’s minister of health, Osagie Ehanire has revealed that coronavirus can be transmitted sexually. He spoke on Thursday at a media briefing in Abuja. Ehanire said the country now has 51 cases of the COVID-19 disease. “If a person is positive, the virus can be transmitted sexually,” he claimed, rather controversially according to TheCable report. The World Health Organisation (WHO) says a lot is still unknown about the virus but currently maintains that it is transmitted through droplets from an infected person. The virus’ known routes of transmission are the mouth, nose and eyes. Health experts have said there is no evidence to show that the virus can be transmitted via vaginal or anal intercourse but that it can be transmitted through kissing an infected person. Ehanire said the ministry was grading the coronavirus cases that were presented before it to avoid its facilities being overcrowded. He said the confirmed cases were in four categories and that about 80 percent who tested positive do not display the symptoms. He said severe cases that require oxygen support and ventilators will be taken to the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital, Gwagwalada, Abuja, assuring that all cases would be well taken care of. “We are grading our cases very carefully, that’s why we don’t have overcrowding yet, depending on the severity of the case; otherwise, one isolation centre will be filled up if we mix all the cases together,” he said. “We have four categories as regards coronavirus response and treatment. It has been established that, in most cases, 80 percent of people who tested positive to the virus don’t display symptoms. “However, the four categories are; no symptom category, mild symptoms category, moderate symptom category and severe symptoms category, which most times, require oxygen or ventilator for treatment of such patient. But so far, we have not had any such cases in Nigeria. “It’s patients that are on severe symptoms category that are referred to isolation centre at University of Abuja Teaching Hospital (UATH), Gwagwalada, Abuja or elsewhere in the country. “We have graded the cases and that was why UATH or other isolation centres are not crowded. Other categories are kept at facilities where they are given adequate treatment.” On reports about the presidential aide that tested positive to the virus, he replied: “He is receiving treatment at a secured government facility somewhere in Nigeria. He is not in any of the known isolation centres because he is not in the fourth category.” He also said the government may introduce more measures towards curbing the spread of the virus if the need arises. He called on Nigerians to report cases of people who just got back to the country from high index countries and urged them to also practise social distancing. Source By Abujah Racheal Abuja -  Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, says Nigeria has not recorded any suspected case of Coronavirus. Ehanire gave the assurance during a ministerial briefing in Abuja on Friday. He said that Nigeria had developed enough capacity to detect and isolate any Coronavirus case, especially at international… February 7, 2020 In "Health" By Chukwuma Muanya, Wole Oyebade (Lagos) and Nkechi Onyedika-Ugoeze (Abuja ...NCDC sets up technical group to manage risk• Officials urge calm,say country can contain infection Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International airports yesterday went on red alert as they intensified the screening of inbound passengers, following an outbreak of the deadly coronavirus… January 23, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Oluwabukola Akanni Ibadan - The Oyo State Epidemiologist, Dr Akinfemi Akinyode, says no fewer than 10 cases have been investigated and screened for coronavirus in the state since the outbreak of the disease in the country. Akinyode disclosed this on the sidelines of a special Continuing Medical Education (CME),… March 11, 2020 In "Health"