… Says Integrity and legitimacy question also trails the Nigerian Army’s “de-radicalization and reintegration program for the repentant Boko Haram members By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja
(Sundiata Post) – Int’l
Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law (Intersociety) has debunked
attempt by the Nigerian Government to christianize’ the clear-cut Islamic
jihadist insurgency, saying the action is aimed at propagating falsehoods,
creating confusion and misleading itself and Nigerians. The group
also stressed that integrity and legitimacy question also trails the Nigerian
Army’s “de-radicalization and reintegration program for the repentant Boko
Haram members. The above
was the position of Int’l Society for Civil Liberties & the Rule of Law, as
contained in a statement issued today in Onitsha, Eastern Nigeria and signed by
its four principal officers: Emeka Umeagbalasi (Board Chair), Obianuju Igboeli,
Esq., (Head of Civil Liberties & Rule of Law), Ndidi Amaka Bernard, Esq.,
(Head of Int’l Justice & Human Rights) and Comrade Samuel Kamanyaoku (Head
of Field Data Collection & Documentation). The
statement reads in Full: The latest
claims by the Nigerian Government through the Nigerian Army that “some Boko
Haram insurgents are Christians” have clearly and further confirmed that the so
called “counterinsurgency operations” in the country’s Northeast Region by the
armed forces or the military are not far from being done in full glare of State
cover, complicity, conspiracy, censorship, falsehood and propaganda. The
Government of Nigeria, by this, is also parading itself before Nigerians and
those beyond borders as if it is a branch of Boko Haram and Fulani Herdsmen
jihadist insurgents. The
Government of Nigeria has also acutely become incorrigible and conspiratorially
stained. Instead of rising to the occasion by facing squarely the jihadist
insurgency and other forms of insecurity running riot on the country and its
defenseless citizens, the Government is busy propagating falsehoods, creating
confusion and misleading itself and Nigerians, by attempting to christianize’
the clear-cut Islamic jihadist insurgency, Intersociety added. If for any
reason, any of the insurgents bears a ‘Christian name’, then it is either that
his or her name is officially faked or he or she is a captured defenseless
Christian ordered or indoctrinated at gunpoint or under captivity to bomb or
terrorize or kill; all designed to be directed at churches and their
worshippers. These a captured Christian must do in order not to be executed or
beheaded by his or her jihadist captors. It is on indisputable record that one
of the reasons why Islamic jihadism persists around the world is because most,
if not all Christians still hold on to the principle of pacifism, Emeka
Umeagbalasi, a criminologist further explained. It is
recalled that the ‘secularity challenged’ Nigerian Army had through its
coordinator of ‘Operation Safe Corridor’, Major Gen Bamidele Shafa, claimed
that “some Boko Haram insurgents are Christians”. The Major General made the
claims (widely believed to be officially scripted) during his interview with
the Sun Newspaper over the weekend. Mister Bamidele Shafa; who is the Nigerian
Army’s ‘Coordinator of Operation Safe Corridor’, is saddled with responsibility
of “de-radicalization and reintegration” of “repentant” Boko Haram members”. The widely
dismissive claims by the Nigerian Army come two months after the same
Government of Nigeria through the Nigeria Police Force made failed attempts to
‘christianize’ Boko Haram insurgency in the country and its deadly attacks
including killing of Christians and bombing of churches and other Christian
facilities. Church members and their vigilantes had two months ago arrested a
suspected suicide bomber inside their church located at Sabon Tasha in Chikun
LGA of Kaduna State. The suspect was said to have been arrested with a bag
containing Improvised Explosive Devices and was handed over to the Police after
a preliminary investigation carried out by the church during which he
identified himself as ‘Mohammed Sani’. Surprisingly,
the Nigeria Police Force reportedly twisted the preliminary findings of the
church and its members and announced the suspect as “a Christian”, named
“Nathaniel Samuel”. The Police twisted narrative immediately attracted
supportive stance from the Presidency and some leftist Muslim bodies; thereby
raising strong suspicion that the Government of Nigeria was behind the NPF
action or script.  Despite several
pressures from powers that be for the Kaduna State Chairman of the Christian
Association of Nigeria (Rev John Hayab) to retract, the Christian Reverend
refused and maintained his stance till date. Intersociety
had severally raised serious concerns over Nigerian Government’s seeming “hand
of Esau, but the voice of Jacob” in the country’s insurgency and
counterinsurgency activities.  In our
latest research report: Nigeria: A Killing Field of Defenseless Christians, the
Nigerian Government was strongly accused of ‘providing a safe corridor’ for the
atrocious and genocidal Boko Haram and Herdsmen jihadists. The Government has
also conducted itself as if it is ‘the mouthpiece’ of the two insurgency
groups-the Boko Haram and the jihadist Fulani Herdsmen. This is clearly done
through policies and conducts formally and informally supportive of the
insurgents and their terrorist activities. Therefore,
the latest statement of the Nigerian Government through the Nigerian Army is
shocking but not surprising. The Government of Nigeria is so conspiratorial, by
policies and conducts, that in a normal setting, it has earned itself both
custodial and reparative guilty verdicts in courts of special and general
jurisdictions.  That is to say that in
the context of State cover, the Government of Nigeria is inescapable; likewise
in areas of complicity, conspiracy, censorship, falsehood and propaganda. Integrity
and legitimacy question also trails the Nigerian Army’s “de-radicalization and
reintegration program for the repentant Boko Haram members”.  The Nigerian Army program is acutely below
the international standards. This is because in the world over, especially in
modern intra state or internal armed conflicts and their post conflict eras, it
has never been found where ‘a partisan’ or ‘conspiratorial’ party, whether
‘symmetric’ or ‘asymmetric’ organizes or is allowed to organize
“de-radicalization and reintegration of former or self-surrendered combatants”,
not to talk of captured and hardened Boko Haram combatants. The action of the
Nigerian Military and its Army has led to‘re-radicalization’, ‘insertion’,
‘repeat offenses’, ‘returned wars’ and ‘pollution’ of the military. Those who
genuinely surrender their arms and discontinue their armed struggle against
Nigerian state and its defenseless citizens (i.e. timed out or exhausted Boko
Haram insurgents, if any) ought to have been sent or transferred to
international or UN humanitarian agencies-that are neutral, better equipped and
trained to handle ‘demobilization’, ‘disarming’, ‘resettlement’,
‘rehabilitation’ and ‘reintegration’ in war or post war zones. On the other
hand, those genuinely captured or forced to surrender ought to have been
transferred to ICC or be prosecuted locally and can never be treated as
“repentant” or “low risk” combatants. Under the
Geneva Conventions of 1948, ‘self-surrendered combatants must be treated as
‘Prisoners-of-War’ who must face war crimes in the end.  Also, in the eyes of the Geneva Conventions
and other relevant international laws applicable in the present situation in
Nigeria and its Northeast, the Nigerian Military and its Army is not allowed to
be ‘a judge in its own case’. By the provisions of the Laws of War or Armed
Conflict including internal armed conflict such as ‘counterinsurgency
operations’ in the Northeast, the Nigerian Military and its Army is partisan
and an active party and must be subjected to thorough scrutiny under the three
war principles of ‘jus in bellum’, ‘jus ad bellum’ and ‘jus post bellum’. In other
words, the roles of the Nigerian Army or the Military in the conduct of
counterinsurgency operations in Nigeria must also be subjected to international
criminal, civil and diplomatic inquiries including whereby the vulnerable and
culpable members of the Military, at the appropriate time, must pass through
processes of ‘demobilization’, ‘disarming’, ‘resettlement’, ‘rehabilitation’
and ‘reintegration’ or ‘prosecution’ for war crimes-where their conducts
clearly and evidentially provide.