….Recalls that Southern Parkway Is Major Spine of the Capital City; One of the Longest Road in Abuja ….Says
Partnership between FCDA, SETRACO Beneficial to the City By Chibuike
Nwabuko Abuja
(Sundiata Post) – The Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, Alhaji
Muhammad Musa Bello has said that President Muhammadu Buhari is laying a solid
foundation for meaningful growth and development in the Nigeria. Bello made
the observation on Monday at the official commencement of OneWay Movement in
the newly completed Southern Parkway road in Abuja. According to
him, “if you look at what President Muhammadu Buhari is doing with emphases on
the road, rail and then the telecommunication infrastructure, you will find out
that these are the foundations for any meaningful growth and development in any
country in the world and this is what we are doing. “I feel very
elated and I am so happy on behalf of the citizens of the City of Abuja that we
have seen the partial opening of this and I assure you that by the time this
administration tenure ends in May of 2023, the entire stretch, including the
Diamond global interchanges will have been done and the City will reflect back
and say President Muhammadu Buhari has truly worked in Abuja. The Minister
also reiterated that the Southern Parkway in Abuja Master Plan forms the major
spine of the capital city and is one of the longest road in Abuja and the first
of its kind in Africa. He also said
that this particular aspect of the project within Abuja was granted great
priority upon his assumption of office because like the Director of Engineering
Services just mentioned, this supposed to be the cultural spine of the City. The FCT
Minister said he was pleased to stress that partnership between the FCDA and
SETRACO Nigeria Limited has been very beneficial to the City because everyone
knows that the twin bridges were concluded about the same time and after they
were concluded you can see how these bridges were able to link the north and
the southern part of the City. In his
words: Basically, I am here to emphasize three points: The first point is to
take us back memory lane to reflect and remember what this place used to be a
few years ago.  Precise in November2015
when I was appointed as the Minister, this particular aspect of the project
within Abuja was granted great priority because like the Director of
Engineering Services just mentioned, this supposed to be the cultural spine of
the City and  I am so pleased to say that
partnership between the FCDA and SETRACO Nig Ltd has been very beneficial to
the City because am sure all of you know the twin bridges were concluded about
the same time and after they were concluded you can see how these bridges were
able to link the north and the southern part of the City. And that is the whole idea and for us, this is
a very important project and it also underscores the cardinal principle of
President Muhammadu Buhari administration which is infrastructure. Because the way Nigeria is growing and the
cities like Abuja is growing, if we do not complete the infrastructure projects
then it is going to drag us down as a country and it is going to affect our
economic development. That is the
whole idea and if you look at what President Muhammadu Buhari is doing with
emphases on the road, rail and then the telecommunication infrastructure, you
will find out that these are the foundations for any meaningful growth and
development in any country in the world and this is what we are doing. It is going
to be my honour and pleasure during the next 30 minutes or so to conduct our
distinguished invited members of the press to see a very good works that have
been done here so that you can also showcase it and tell this good story to all
the citizens and residents of Abuja that Abuja is for all of us, if we don’t
work together and make sure that all these infrastructure projects are done and
maintained properly then Abuja of our dream will continue to elude us. He
congratulated the E.S FCDA and all his good team of Engineers. He also
commended the Nigerian Engineers whom he said where the ones behind the quality
infrastructures you see in Abuja including the CBN building. The Southern
Parkway in Abuja Master Plan forms the major spine of the capital city and is
one of the longest road in Abuja and the first of its kind in Africa. From the
Business Districts, traversing all the four phases of the Federal Capital City,
with facilities like streetlights, recreationals, cafes and underpass. It is
designed to complement the Northern Parkway, the major arterial running across
Mabushi.