By Kemi Akintokun  Lagos  – The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has order for the manufacturing of Chloroquine for emergency stock for possible clinical treatment of COVID-19 patients. Prof. Mojisola  Adeyeye, the Director-General of NAFDAC, said in a statement on Monday that a local manufacturing pharmaceutical company, May and Baker had been approached to produce the drug. Adeyeye said that the company, which flagship product was Chloroquine in the past, had produced a batch of the drug for emergency stock for the treatment of COVID-19. She said Lagos State would start a clinical trial on the drug to evaluate the its effectiveness. “About four weeks ago, I approached a local manufacturing company (May and Baker), a member of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Group of Manufacturing Association of Nigeria (PMGMAN). “The company, whose flagship product in the past was Chloroquine, has produced a batch of the drug for emergency stock. “The company had NAFDAC approval for the production of the drug as antimalarial many years ago before the discontinuation. “The managing director expressed possible difficulty in getting the API due to the fact that the drug has been discontinued. “He called shortly after that he was able to get the API and was asked to manufacture a batch for emergency stock just in case more people become exposed and infected with the virus. “The batch has been manufactured and the company plans to make more batches if needed,” she said. The director-general said that the agency had earlier at a press briefing on March 20, gave expedited provisional approvals for the manufacture of any commodity for preventing the  disease and drug or medical device that could be used for the clinical trial testing and treatment of the virus. She said the agency had reduced the 120 working days for approval to 10 days due to the  crisis. “The products should have been previously reported for clinical trial treatments in reputable scientific journals or technical literature as safe and effective. “Other researchers in France and U.S have used the drug for clinical trial treatment of COVID-19 and they reported effectiveness of the drug. “Chloroquine as an old antimalarial is being repurposed for the clinical trial treatment of Coronavirus,” Adeyeye said. NAFDAC chief advised the public to desist from its use without the guidance of a medical doctor or clinician for cases of clinical trial treatment of COVID-19. She said that the agency, through its regulatory activities, would ensure that the clinical trial protocol guidelines were followed. Chloroquine was discontinued in Nigeria many years ago for use as antimalarial because of the resistance that the parasite developed against the drug. (NAN) The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has approved the production of Chloroquine for clinical trials in the search for a cure for COVID-19. Director-General of the agency, Mojisola Adeyeye, made the announcement on Friday at the NAFDAC headquarters in Lagos. She, however, pointed out that… March 20, 2020 In "News" The Nigeria Center For Disease Control (NCDC) has insisted that Chloroquine has not been approved as a cure for the coronavirus disease. The NCDC said this in a tweet on Wednesday while also warning Nigerians against self-medicating with the drug. “Please remember that the use of chloroquine and its derivatives… March 25, 2020 In "News" By Femi Ogunshola Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Dr Tinuade Ogunlesi, a medical doctor with  the Ogun State Teaching Hospital, Abeokuta,  has said that there is  no confirmation yet to the claim that Chloroquine can destroy COVID-19. Ogunlesi told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday against the backdrop of reported… March 21, 2020 In "News"