ABUJA – The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) says it is working with religious organisations in the provision of humanitarian assistance to the most vulnerable members of the society as a way of mitigating the impact of the coronavirus pandemic. This was disclosed by the FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello following a meeting he held with the leaders of the Christian and Muslim faith in Abuja on at the weekend. The meeting had in attendance, the FCT Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria, Rev. Samson Jonah; the Chairman, FCT League of Imams, Dr Tajudeen Adigun; former Chairman, Abuja Municipal Area Council (AMAC), Hon. Zaphaniah Jisalo and other religious leaders as well as senior members of the FCTA management. At the occasion, the minister said: “religious organisations should be in the forefront for humanitarian activities, particularly if the situation escalates to a point where there is the need for massive support for the poor and the vulnerable members of the society.” Malam  Bello further said that the traditional institutions and religious leaders have organised structures that can be used and mobilised towards providing palliatives that will ease the problems of the poorer members of the communities. The minister also disclosed that as part of resolutions reached during the meeting, religious, traditional and political leaders would mobilise individuals of means within the communities “so that we can  create a very wide structure of safety net for our poor people”. Speaking on the measures already taken by the Administration and the level of compliance by the public, the Bello thanked all residents of the FCT for the massive support given the Administration and acknowledged that the level of awareness about the pandemic in the satellite areas was gradually improving but reiterated that there was the need for discipline amongst residents of the FCT in complying with laid down measures for success to be achieved. He said “for us to really fight this pandemic, every person has to be disciplined to comply with the regulations of periodic and constant handwashing with soap and water and alternatively, hand sanitizers.” He also disclosed that the religious leaders agreed that it was imperative in these uncertain times to intensify prayers for divine intervention in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the words of the Minister “we have also agreed that in times like this, prayers are paramount. So, we are appealing to all residents and citizens of the FCT to continue to pray to God Almighty for us to get over this pandemic. The leaders of the two religious groups have assured us that they will use their internal network to encourage individual prayers by their followers wherever they are, based on already established protocol for such prayers by all the religious organisations”. He, however, decried instances were some residents despite all the awareness being created on the need to remain indoors, were still moving around and emphasized that monitoring and enforcement teams already mobilized will continue based on stakeholders engagement to encourage people to stay indoors. He said that the at the level of government extant measures which include the closure of markets except sections that deal with foodstuff and medicines, the closure of all commercial operations by 9pm, the closure of schools and the stay at home directive for civil servants on grade level 12 and below will still remain in force. Speaking, the Chairman, FCT league of Imams, Dr Tajudeen Adigun prayed for Almighty Allah to save the country from the effects of the pandemic and other crises, a prayer also said by his CAN counterpart, Dr Samson Jonah. By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello has commended the territory’s Sharia Court of Appeal for living up to its responsibilities in the dispensation of justice to residents. Bello gave the commendation when he received a delegation from the FCT Sharia Court of Appeal led by… December 6, 2019 In "News" By Kabir Muhammad Abuja -  The FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello has called on Nigerians to support the present administration to enable it deliver more dividends of democracy. Bello made the call at the inauguration of the FCT reconstituted boards of agencies and parastatals under the administration on Tuesday in… January 30, 2018 In "News" By Ahmed Abba and Kabir Muhammad Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration has relaxed the 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew earlier imposed on Bwari over the Christmas day crisis that erupted in the town. It is now to be observed from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m., according to… February 2, 2018 In "News"