According to a report by Daily Trust, some of the personal staff of embattled chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomohle have been denied entry into the party secretariat by the security operatives drafted to the party office. The staff who drove in a black Toyota Jeep to the party secretariat were denied access even after proper identification. The security asked them to move away from the gate of the party office. Meanwhile, Daily Trust observed that workers from the anti-Oshiomhole’s group were also on a stand-by observing all the drama happening in the secretariat. Daily Trust had earlier reported that no fewer than 20 police vans were mounted at the entrance of APC secretariat located at Blantyre streets in Wuse 2, Abuja. The vans were strategically positioned from the entrance of Blantyre street down to the end of it. Daily Trust gathered that the reason for the lock-down, is connected to the possible resumption to office by the embattled APC chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomohle. Policemen and other security agents barred staff and journalists from entering the building of the party secretariat. Recall that an FCT High Court in Jabi, Abuja suspended Adams Oshiomhole as the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Justice Danlami Senchi who ordered the suspension also asked Oshiomhole, to stop parading himself as the chairman of the party pending the determination of the substantive suit seeking his perpetual removal as the national chairman. The appeal by Oshiomhole against the ruling of an FCT High Court which suspended him from office has not been fixed for hearing. In a Notice of Appeal No:FCT/HC/CV/837/2020 filed on Wednesday before the Court of Appeal in Abuja, Oshomhole asked the appellate court to allow the appeal and set aside the ruling of the high court delivered on March 4. Meanwhile a Federal High Court in Kano has restrained the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) from recognising any other person aside Adams Oshiomhole as the national chairman of the APC. Justice A. Lewis-Allagoa gave the ex-parte order yesterday following Wednesday’s ruling of an FCT High Court in Jabi, Abuja. Justice Lewis-Allagoa’s order followed an ex-parte motion filed by one Aliyu Muhammad Rabiu and argued on his behalf by his counsel, Johnmary Chukwukasi Jideobi, before the Kano court, court documents sighted by our reporter revealed.