Kalu Agabi, SAN, the lawyer to Emeka Ihedioha/PDP has moved his application for review praying the Supreme Court to grant all his reliefs. KANU Agabi – They tendered results of 366 polling units while the judgement gave them credit of 388 polling so how did the 22 extra polling units come about?  KANU Agabi – The number of votes cast at the election exceeded the number of accreditation by over 129,000 votes. This is by their own computation.KANU Agabi – They did not achieve the constitutional required spread from what I have submitted. While the court’s judgment gives them credit for 388 and there is a balance of 22 polling units which they got credit from nowhere. No indication is given as to where the results were came from.  He also added that they (Hope Uzodinma and APC) proclaimed the election as invalid and so being invalid how can it be the basis that they won that same election? He said that it is evident that there was fraud if they pleaded 388 polling units and only rendered results for 366 polling units. He added that if it is not a fraud then it is a fatal error.Kanu Agabi asked the supreme Court to set aside it’s earlier judgement based on irregularities in their 388 polling units. Damian Dodo, SAN, counsel to Hope Uzodinma/APC now responds. Damian Dodo said he filed a response on points of law on March 2, 2020. Dodo presented a motion filed in support of the objection. That there is a total lack of jurisdiction for this court (Supreme Court ) to revisit the judgement of the 14th January, 2020. Citing the case of  Uba vs Suswam 2014, Dodo said the Supreme Court said “it is the above ruling that is sort to set aside but let me say that there is no ruling enabling this court to set aside it’s decision”.Mr Dodo adopted all the processes filed in support of the objection. He urged the court to be persuaded by those arguments in dismissing the application of the PDP and Ihedioha.Besides, he (Dodo) said “there is strictly no difference between the Imo State and that of Bayelsa State. He said there are reasons for a review and but that their appeal falls short of the threshold for a review”. Furthermore, the APC lawyer said that “however clothed that they are inviting the Supreme Court to rehear it’s appeal and that is not allowed in law!”The Supreme Court the rose for a break to reconvene at 3pm for a ruling.