By Praveen Duddu One Asian country and six European countries are among the ten most affected list of countries with coronavirus, while more European countries are witnessing a surge in cases. As many as 11 European countries are among the top 15 countries with the highest number of coronavirus cases in the world. As the coronavirus reaches more than 100 countries and the WHO declares nCoV as a global pandemic, Pharmaceutical Technology lists the top ten most affected countries by the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak in China, by the number of cases. China China, including Hong Kong and Macau, is the worst affected country by the novel coronavirus (nCoV) outbreak, officially named COVID-19 by the World Health Organization (WHO). China witnessed more than 3,000 deaths and approximately 74% of the global coronavirus cases as of 09 March, which quickly came down to approximately 58% by 13 March and to 40% by 18 March as the number of cases in rest of the world surged and Europe became the new epicentre. Hubei is the most-affected province within China and Wuhan, the capital city of Hubei, is the city affected worst by the coronavirus. Hubei has witnessed more than 67,000 coronavirus-positive cases and continues to report deaths, although at a slower rate than before. The number of cases in China, however, has been on the decline starting March due to the rapid control measures and response by the Chinese government. Italy Coronavirus is getting severe in Italy, making it the most-affected in Europe as well as outside Asia. Travel to Italy and Italians travelling to other countries during the outbreak has been traced to have caused COVID-19 spread. Once confined to Northern Italy, COVID-19 cases have spread to entire Italy leading to a nation-wide lock-down. The Italian government’s early measures such as closing educational institutions temporarily might have limited the spread, although the aged population continues to be a concern. Coronavirus deaths in Italy increased by five times in the second week of March, from 366 on 08 March to 2,503 on 17 March. Total cases reached 31,506, which is approximately 40% of those in Mainland China. Iran Iran, another country from where coronavirus spread to rest of the world, currently has more than 16,000 confirmed cases and has reported 988 deaths. Iran has been suspected to have delayed revealing about the spread of corona virus in their country and under-reporting the cases. A number of countries have traced their coronavirus-infected having contracted the disease during travel to Iran. Many government officials and politicians including MPs in Iran have contracted coronavirus, some of who died. Amid fears of further coronavirus spread, Iran announced the temporary release of approximately 70,000 prisoners, according to Mizan news agency. Spain Spain has overtaken South Korea in the number of coronavirus cases in the third week of March. Since the first coronavirus case confirmed on 01 February, the Spanish COVID-19 nCoV-infected cases got closer to 1,000 in early hours of 09 March and rose sharply to more 11,800 on 17 March. A minister in Spain has contracted coronavirus, while the King and Queen are also being tested. Spain is currently the second most-affected European country with coronavirus. Spanish coronavirus death toll too has increased sharply to reach close to 533 as a nation-wide lock-down continues affecting millions of its residents. Tourism, a crucial sector for Spain, is expected to face an adverse impact due to the global coronavirus fears. The Spanish government has advised companies to ask employees to work from home to avoid spread. Germany Coronavirus cases in Germany, which borders France and Switzerland, crossed 9,300. Similar to its neighbour France, Germany too banned public events involving huge crowds in order to prevent spread. Trade fair, The Hannover Messe, has been postponed due to the coronavirus outbreak situation. Coronavirus death toll in Germany is, however, comparitively lesser, with 26 deaths reported as of 17 March. South Korea South Korea is among the Asian nations most hit by coronavirus outside China due to its proximity to the latter. Coronavirus cases in South Korea started surging in February and crossed 8,413 on 18 March. Deaths due to coronavirus in South Korea reached 84. The country is being assisted by China, whose experience in containing the outbreak has resulted in controlling the local spread of the epidemic. France France is the fourth most-affected European nation by the coronavirus. COVID-19 nCoV cases in France have reached 7,730, while death toll reached 175. The French government has banned public gatherings. The popular Louvre Museum in Paris was temporarily closed as a precautionary measure. The Paris city has reported COVID-19 coronavirus-positive cases, apart from other regions including Amiens, Bordeaux, and Eastern Haute-Savoie. A worker at Disneyland Paris was reported by Reuters as having contracted the coronavirus. France currently has only a few clusters with coronavirus. The ongoing outbreak remains a concern to the French tourism industry as coronavirus fears are resulting in a drop in visitors. USA Coronavirus situation in the US is grim with the cases and deaths increasing fast. The US COVID-19  cases more than doubled in three days and increased further to cross 6,000 on 17 March, while the death toll crossed 100. Community spread and delayed testing is currently a major concern to Americans as enough test kits are not available across states. The first coronavirus case in the US was confirmed on 21 January, but the cases surged from the second half of February. Switzerland Switzerland, a popular tourist destination, is the fifth most affected European country by the novel coronavirus outbreak. The positive COVID-19 coronavirus cases in Switzerland, whose borders are close to Milan, Italy, reached 2,700 on 17 March. Some of the major cities in Switzerland, such as Geneva and Zurich, have reported confirmed coronavirus cases. Deaths in Switzerland due to coronavirus increased to 27. The Swiss hotel and tourism industries will be affected if the coronavirus situation continues to stay for long. United Kingdom (UK)
The UK coronavirus cases surged in the third week of March making it one of the top ten countries with coronavirus. Confirmed coronavirus cases in the UK reached 1,960 on 17 March, while death toll reached 72. Coronavirus: five  more  countries about to become the top ten
Five more European countries, namely Netherlands, Norway, Austria, Belgium, and Sweden are witnessing an increase in COVID-19 cases. •Praveen Duddu is a global health emergency specialist. The New Diplomat