Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra state has asked the Federal government to give his government N1 billion to prevent the spread of Coronavirus into his state. A statement from the governor asking for the funds to be released to his state which has not recorded any confirmed case of the viral disease, reads in part “Governor Obiano, therefore, considers it imperative that the Federal Government provides at least N1bn to Anambra, which is at risk in view of the multitude of people in its numerous markets and the peripatetic nature of the people who have been helping in the rapid development of all parts of Nigeria. Besides, we have as many as 63 major markets in the state, including the Onitsha main market, which is the largest market in West Africa. The markets are always full of millions of people from different countries in West and Central Africa, thereby making our people vulnerable. The statement added that a special account has been created for donations from well meaning indigenes of the state as the government works towards preventing the virus from being imported into the state. ”The Anambra State Government would like to use this opportunity to announce the creation of a special account to assist ndi Anambra grapple with the grave challenges of the coronavirus. Known as the Anambra State COVID- 19 account, it is in response to various inquiries from people of Anambra State origin in different parts of Nigeria and beyond who have been seeking ways to assist their people since the viral disease outbreak” the statement read Source •Governor Willie Obiano There are fears that all may not be well with the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano, following his close contact with Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State during a recent National Economic Council (NEC) meeting in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja. Governor Bala Mohammed… March 30, 2020 In "News" There are strong indications that the vice president and governors may be in palpable fear following report of self-isolation of the Bauchi State governor, Bala Moham­med, over the coronavirus pandemic. Such fears may have be­come rife following contact between the Bauchi gover­nor and son of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar,… March 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano has declared February 1, 2018 as public holiday in the state as part of the funeral arrangements for the late Vice President, Dr. Alex Ekwueme. Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, made the announcement… January 29, 2018 In "News"