By Seun Opejobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Nigeria Ports Authority (NPA) has declared that no case of Coronavirus was recorded on a vessel in Lagos State. NPA was reacting to report by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, that some cases of Coronavirus were identified on a vessel in Lagos State. NCDC had made the disclosure while announcing fresh cases of COVID-19 yesterday. The centre had tweeted: “Of the 14, 6 were detected on a vessel, 3 are returning travellers into Nigeria and 1 is a close contact of a confirmed case.” However, NPA insisted that it has not recorded any case of COVID-19, contrary to NCDC’s claim. In a series of tweets, NPA charged the centre to provide details of the vessels and names of those on board for recorded purpose. The tweet reads: “Hello @NCDCgov. In respect to the 6 new cases that “were detected on a vessel” in Lagos, the Authority in collaboration with Port Health has not recorded any confirmed cases to date,” the authority said in a tweet midnight Thursday. “@NCDCgov To enable verification and proper record keeping, kindly avail us with specific details on the name of the Vessel the passengers were on board, and the Terminal or Jetty where they berthed. #CovidNGR #COVID19,” it added By Abujah Rachael Abuja - Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), says Lagos State still has the highest number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria with 44 cases. Ihekweazu made this known to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja, while giving… March 27, 2020 In "News" The govt of Lagos state has confirmed six new cases of coronavirus on a vessel in the state. vessel Lagos State Govt Confirms Six New Cases Of Coronavirus Were Detected On A Vessel In The State The Lagos state Ministry of Health has confirmed the report by the NCDC that… March 27, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - Fourteen new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) have been confirmed in Nigeria, bringing the total number of cases to 65. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced this in a tweet on Thursday night. A breakdown of the number of the additional cases showed that 12 new cases… March 26, 2020 In "Top Stories"