New York – Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York on Tuesday said the rate of Coronavirus infections in the state was doubling every three days. Giving updates on the pandemic, Cuomo said the apex of infection could come as soon as 14 to 21 days, far earlier than previously thought. With no fewer than 25,600 confirmed cases and 157 deaths as of Tuesday morning, New York is now the epicenter of the pandemic in the U.S. “We haven’t flattened the curve. And the curve is actually increasing. “The apex is higher than we thought and the apex is sooner than we thought. “That is a bad combination of facts,” the governor said at the televised briefing from the Javits Center in Manhattan. He noted that the situation was further stretching the state’s healthcare system, which currently has only 53,000 hospital beds. Cuomo said 110,000 hospital beds were initially projected for the peak of infections, but new projections show 140,000 beds were needed to cater for patients. Also needed, he said, are 40,000 intensive care unit beds and 30,000 ventilators in a state that currently has only 3,000 ventilators. “New York needs 30,000 ventilators. It will be the difference between life and death. “The federal government must provide these ventilators. Only the federal government has the power to deliver. “The federal government must distribute ventilators based on need. We need them in New York now, “After New York gets past the apex of this pandemic, I will transport the ventilators myself wherever they are next needed,” the governor said. In a tweet earlier on Tuesday, President Donald Trump said the federal government had only 400 ventilators for New York City. Trump stated that his administration was trying to assist the states with medical resources, but it was not easy. “The World market for face masks and ventilators is crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. “Just got 400 Ventilators for @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming,” he said. (NAN)