Ibrahim.abdulazeez  Iseyin (Oyo state) – Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, on Thursday, urged corps members deployed to the state to channel their ingenuity and energy towards community and national development. Makinde, represented by the Oyo state Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Mr Seun Fakorede, made the call during the swearing-in of the 2020 Batch ‘A’ corps members at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Iseyin. The governor advised them to see the service year as a clarion call to make selfless contributions to the development of the nation and the state in particular. He remarked that the orientation course was the fundamental stage where discipline, integrity, unity and hard work were inculcated in the youths. To achieve a successful service year, Makinde enjoined them to use the opportunity provided by the orientation course to establish healthy relationship aimed at uniting them, irrespective of their ethnic and cultural differences. He assured them that his administration would create conducive environment as well as provide adequate security for all the corps members in the state. The governor implored traditional rulers, stakeholders and the people of the state to ensure the safety of the corps members in their respective communities. Earlier, the State NYSC Coordinator, Mrs Grace Ogbuogebe, said as at midnight of Wednesday, a total of 2,076 prospective corps members, comprising 1,020 males and 1,056 females, were registered. She remarked that the number registered was made up of individuals from the 36 states of the federation, including Abuja. Ogbuogebe assured the new corps members of the scheme’s commitment to providing conducive environment that would help them have memorable experience throughout their stay in the state. She said that the orientation course was loaded with programmes, such as lectures, drills, sporting activities, social and skill acquisition programmes, all of which were geared towards empowering the corps members. “Therefore, avail yourselves of the opportunities embedded in the three-week programme. “The camp is highly regimented and discipline remains our watchword. Therefore, be disciplined and abide by the rules guiding the camp,” she said. The state coordinator said that thermometers, wash hand basins as well as hand sanitisers had been provided in all 37 orientation camps and NYSC secretariats nationwide to prevent outbreak of Coronavirus during the orientation programme. (NAN)