A suspected case of coronavirus has been recorded in Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau, Commissioner for Health, Dr Nimkong Ndam said. In an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Jos, he said the suspect is an aide of Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi that has tested positive. He said the state team comprising of World Health Organisation (WHO), health officials and security Agencies among others have gone to his home to take his sample for test in Abuja. “One of the aides of the governor of Bauchi is on self- isolation, our team went to his house twice to ensure he embarks on self- isolation. “The test result is supposed to take 48 hours. We implore Plateau residents to comply with the preventive measures of personal and respiratory hygiene,” he said. NAN recalls that the State previously recorded 43 suspected cases of COVID-19, following the arrival of four Chinese miners from China to Wase local government Area of the state. The persons who were in self isolation for 14 days were later confirmed negative after the  results came out. Source By David Adeoye Ibadan - The Coronavirus’ confirmation test for the suspected case at Bodija in Ibadan, was positive, Oyo State government said. A statement from the state government on Sunday in Ibadan indicated that the result was released at about 5:35pm on Saturday. It stated that Oyo State Public… March 22, 2020 In "News" By Christian Ogbonna Yenagoa - The Bayelsa Government has debunked the rumour that there are cases of coronavirus in the state, noting that the news making the round to that effect is fake Dr Inodu Apoku, Permanent Secretary, Bayelsa Ministry of Health who dispelled the rumour at a conference on… March 20, 2020 In "News" By Blessing Odega Jos   -    ‎The Plateau Government has confirmed that the state has recorded two positive cases of monkey pox in Shendam Local Government Area of the state. Dr Kunden Deyin, the state Commissioner for Health, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Jos that the… June 7, 2018 In "Health"