Nigerian Instagram big boy, Hushpuppi and Instagram model, Amirah have ignited speculation of a romantic relationship in new photos they shared on Instagram. Hushpuppi had shared a photo of him posing beside his purple car at Address Montgomerie, a hotel and golf resort in Dubai on March 18 with the caption; “A Vibe Called “Blessed” Hushpuppi and Instagram model, Amirah spark dating rumour (photos) Amirah also posed beside the same purple car with same number plate and with its door open, in new photos she shared on Instagram on March 26. It is speculated the photos which were taken at same location Hushpuppi was in days ago, were taken prior to the date it was shared as the Emirate government issued a mandatory three-day lockdown from Thursday, March 26, through Sunday, March 29, while it conducts a general sterilization campaign with the aim of controlling the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. Hushpuppi and Instagram model, Amirah spark dating rumour (photos) Hushpuppi and Instagram model, Amirah spark dating rumour (photos) Amirah also shared bathroom photos which had a similar floor design to a spot Hushpuppi posed for photos, months ago. Source Dubai-based flamboyant Nigerian Ray Hushpuppi has shared a video of his new investment in Ivory Coast on his Instagram page. The young socialite and Instagram big boy posted a video of a new building he recently started, located in Cocody, Abidjan, in Ivory Coast. In the video shared on Instagram,… February 18, 2020 In "Entertainment" The gorgeous music star expressed her desires on her Instagram stories on Tuesday, October 23, 2018. According to her, she desires a man who she can brag about when it's time to get physical (Rolling our eyes). "I can't marry a man that can't fight, I needa be able to… October 24, 2018 In "Entertainment" Chloe Ayling. Instagram photo Posing for the cameras in the Ibiza sun, Chloe Ayling had no idea what was about to befall her. The 20-year-old model sizzled in a plunging metallic swimsuit with a low-cut neckline that flaunted her ample cleavage, slender waist and hour-glass curves. Just weeks later in… August 13, 2017 In "Entertainment"