Like a cat with nine lives, All Progressives Congress (APC) national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has survived another plot to oust him from office. It was the second time in less than three months that forces failed to boot him out of office. President Muhammadu Buhari set the tone for Oshiomhole’s survival when he summoned an emergency meeting with APC Governors for today. The National Executive Council (NEC) meeting where forces were waiting to oust Oshiomhole was scheduled for tomorrow, but was called off indefinitely at the meeting between Buhari and the governors. Hours later, The Court of Appeal, Abuja stayed execution of the March 4, 2020 order of a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) restraining Oshiomhole from further acting as national chairman. It was a sweet victory for Oshiomhole, who has been in the eyes of the storm in the last few weeks. Here are 10 takeaways from the development: The plot against Oshiomhole has failed for now: The National chairman can breathe again, knowing he has the elevated seat back. He has been unable to function since the March 4 judgment restraining him. But the Court of Appeal has ordered the Police, DSS and other security forces to allow him function as chairman. Bulama takes over as National Secretary: Chief Victor Giadom, who is the arrowhead of the plot against Oshiomhole, can no longer function as Acting National Chairman or secretary. He can no longer describe himself as the most senior party official in the absence of Oshiomhole. The NWC has announced Waziri Bulama to take over as national secretary. Giadom, who is believed to be sponsored by Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, will revert to his original designation as Deputy National Secretary, that is, if Oshiomhole and others agree that he did not resign to contest as running mate to Tonye Cole in the 2019 governorship election in Rivers state.. NEC meeting postponed indefinitely: The meeting was illegally summoned by Giadom to perfect the removal of Oshiomhole from office. With the indefinite suspension of the meeting, the chairman is guaranteed of his seat and leadership. Setbacks for anti-Oshiomhole elements: The chairman has won many enemies in the party for his actions. Chief among them are: Governors Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti); Nasir El-Rufai (Kaduna); Godwin Obaseki (Edo); Abubakar Bagudu (Kebbi); Muhammad Badaru Abubakar (Jigawa) and Yahaya Bello (Kogi) among others. Fayemi wants to be a running mate to a northern presidential candidate in 2023 while Bagudu and El-Rufai are strongly believed to be scheming for the presidential ticket. Obaseki, on his part, wants a second term ticket. With Oshiomhole back in office their desire for a pliant chairman may never be realised; thus their ambitions also. Victory for Pro-Oshiomhole Govs: Governors Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos); Gboyega Adegboyega (Osun); Dapo Abiodun (Ogun); Hope Uzodinma (Imo); Aminu Masari (Katsina); Abdullahi Sule (Nasarawa) and Babagana Zulum (Borno) must be happy for fighting a good fight to retain Oshiomhole as chairman. Obaseki’s fate hanging in the balance: The Edo Governor was already jubilating over the ‘removal’ of Oshiomhole. He also convened a South South APC caucus to endorse Gaidom as replacement for his former godfather. But he is certainly the biggest loser with the latest development. What next for anti-Oshiomhole’s NWC members? For those in the NWC opposed to Oshiomhole, it is hard to imagine what next they plan to do. Will they remain members? Can they work with the chairman after plotting against him? Will they resign as most men of honour are wont to do? Plotting continues: It will be naïve to expect anti-Oshiomhole’s elements to take the judgment lying low. They will certainly return to the drawing table for the next moves. They will keep plotting, looking for the smallest opportunity to strike again. APC saved from disintegration: President Buhari has done what many well-meaning members of the party have been asking him to do. He has reined in elements trying to rock the boat in the party. Had he not intervened, the party could have disintegrated under his watch. The Progressives Governors Forum, APC NASS caucus, NWC, NEC and other critical organs of the party would have been fragmented, almost beyond repairs.