Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Monday night announced 20 more new cases of coronavirus. “Twenty new cases of #COVID19 have been reported in Nigeria; 13 in Lagos, 4 in FCT, 2 in Kaduna and 1 in Oyo State,” NCDC tweeted. “As at 09:00 pm 30th March there are 131 confirmed cases of #COVID19 reported in Nigeria with 2 deaths.” Lagos earlier today released five patients infected with the virus. Suleiman Achimugu, former managing director of the Petroleum Products Marketing Company (PPMC), is Nigeria’s only casualty from the disease so far. He died last Monday after returning to the country from the UK. Nigeria has closed its land borders and international airports in the last week to curb the spread of the virus. The government also said it might ban inter-state travels soon. But the country’s Information Minister Lai Mohammed said the country might take more strict measure citing an “exponential spread” threat of the virus “in days to come.” NCDC confirms 20 new cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria as toll rises to 131 Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday stated that the Federal Government has recruited hundreds of ad-hoc staff to man call centres and support tracing and testing efforts in Lagos and Abuja. Buhari who was addressing the nation about four weeks after the first coronavirus… March 30, 2020 In "News" By Abujah Rachael Abuja - Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), says Lagos State still has the highest number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria with 44 cases. Ihekweazu made this known to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja, while giving… March 27, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government says there is no new case from 61 contacts of the index case of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country, NAN reports. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, at a media update on COVID-19 in Abuja on Friday, said the contacts had been monitored since the announcement of… March 6, 2020 In "Health"