By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja – The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has called on the leadership of IBB International Golf and Country Club to work towards grooming young golfers in Nigeria. Buratai made the call when the Vice Captain of the club, Sen. Emmanuel Anosike, led a delegation on a courtesy call to Army Headquarters on Wednesday in Abuja. He said that there was need to look at upcoming golfers so as to groom them from early stages. According to him, if we can catch them young right from schools, I am sure we can produce the likes of Tiger Wood in this country. Buratai said that Nigerian army would continue to support the efforts of the club to develop golf in the country. He added that the army and IBB golf club had maintained long standing, mutually beneficial friendship. The COAS said that the army was ready to collaborate with the club in all activities relating to golf in Nigeria and internationally. He disclosed that the army was working towards transforming its club to complement the effort of IBB club. “The army headquarters and indeed all our golfers across the country are pleased to relate with you and we look forward to much more closer relationship. “We have a quite number of golfers and just as you requested, I want to encourage them to have the permanent membership of the IBB International Golf and Country Club here in Abuja,” he said. Earlier, Anosike said the visit was to show appreciation for the support of Nigerian army to the club and all golfers in Nigeria. Anosike called on all senior officers of Nigerian army to subscribe to full membership of the club instead of the corporate membership they currently hold. He said that IBB club had the best golf range in Nigeria and pledged to offer the facility to army golfers. “We also have more kitties in a week which you are encourage to always come and play. “What we need to do is to build up this relationship of interaction between the two clubs,” he said. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the delegation presented the trophy of its Independence tournament to the COAS during the visit. (NAN)