By Martha Agas Jos – A former Governor of Plateau, Sen Jonah Jang, has described the Late Senator representing Plateau South Senatorial District, Ignatius Longjan, as a peace loving and gentleman. Jang said this on Sunday , at the vigil mass for the late senator at St Louis Church Jos. The former governor said Longjan who was his deputy between 2011 and 2015 was committed to duties and loyal to the government. “He was also my chief of staff in 2007 whose position is like a father of the government and a gentleman to the core. “He was supportive, especially because we came into power during a critical period of security challenges and I support state policing to address the current challenges in the state, “he said. Earlier in his homily, the Parish Priest of St Louis Church Jos, Rev Fr Anthony Enekola, described the senator as a devout Catholic, who was humble and devoted to all his duties . He urged the sympathisers to fill their minds on heavenly thoughts and stay off sin which separated Adam and Eve from God. “They wanted to be like other gods leading to their physical and spiritual nakedness. The spiritual is more dangerous because when the spirit leaves, you become empty,” he said. Speaking, Plateau Gov. Simon Lalong, described Longjan as a distinguished Nigerian, who was enthusiastic to serve his people and the country but was shortened by time. He said Longjan was a patriotic Politician who was not carried away by the prestige of political offices but only zealous to make contributions for the progress for the state. He condoled his family, his constituency, the Senate and the state for losing a seasoned diplomat and gentleman News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the senator born on 16 the May 1945, died on Feb. 10 after a protracted illness at the 75 years A retired career diplomat, the late Sen Longjan was a chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Party in Plateau. Longjan who became a Senator in 2019 was the Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism (NAN)