By Abiodun Lawal  Abeokuta – The Ogun government on Monday received a report on Institutional Development Plan from the Consultant, International Training Solutions (ITS), aimed at improving technical education in the state. Receiving the report in her office on behalf of the state government, Prof. Sidi Osho, Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, expressed satisfaction with the quality of work done by the consultant. Osho said that technical education was beyond theory, noting that it was important to involve experts in order to improve the standard of technical colleges in the state. She disclosed that a technical committee would be inaugurated to review the report and deliberate on the appropriate method to be applied for its integration into the scheme of work in the colleges. Osho said the government would on its part ensure feasible areas of recommendation were immediately tackled and worked on. The commissioner said that the provisions in the report would change the narratives of technical colleges, adding that the institutions would evolve into training centres for trade and craftsmanship, thereby providing the needed expertise for organisations. “Gov. Dapo Abiodun has promised a turnaround education sector in the state on assumption of office; and just few months into his administration, a lot of giant strides have already been recorded,” she stated. In her submission, Mrs Ronke Soyombo, Special Adviser to the governor on Primary, Secondary and Technical Education, said the initiative was a way of re-emphasising government’s commitment to improving education in the state. Earlier, the Project Coordinator of ITS, Mr Fidelis Atuma, noted that the organisation had over the last 10 months, worked closely with concerned agencies of government to actualise the blueprint. “We have gathered information that has been put together in the report with professional recommendations of action plans to convert the technical colleges to model ones of renowned global standards,” he said. (NAN) 