by Femi Ogunshola  A report by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, claimed that 32 per cent of Nigerians gave bribe to enable them secure employment into the public service in 2019 Country Representatives of UNODC, Oliver Stolpe, stated this at the 18th Anti-Corruption Situation Room (ACSR), organised by the HEDA Resource Centre in Abuja, in collaboration with the McArthur Foundation and UKaid. Stolpe said that the report was not based on perception, but on empirical findings backed by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS). On its on part, the NBS, said Nigeria’s unemployment rate increased from 18.8 per cent in the third quarter of 2017 to 23.1 per cent in the third quarter of 2018. There are also many court cases across the country associated with employment racketeering. On May 6, 2015, the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) nabbed a prison officer (now correctional service officer) for job racketeering Ahmed Abdu, the officer, was arraigned on a 2-count charge bordering on fraud before Justice Abubakar Kutigi of the High Court Abuja. The prosecuting counsel, Ngozi Onwuka of ICPC, alleged that the accused person fraudulently requested for N250, 000 from Adamu Abubakar to enable him secure employment with the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). ICPC said that Ahmed also on different occasions, received N250, 000 each, from five other persons, promising to get them jobs with the Nigerian Immigration Service, Civil Defence or Prisons Service. He stated that the offence was contrary and punishable under Section 10 (a) (ii) of the Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Act, 2000. Also, Godwin Abutu, an officer of the NSCDC, was charged to court by ICPC, for allegedly defrauding unsuspecting job seekers of N150, 000. ICPC averred that Abutu fraudulently solicited and received the above sum of money from two job seekers with a promise to help them secure employment into the Nigerian Immigration Service (NIS). In a related development, NSCDC arrested a 31-year-old woman, Ms Jennifer Ogugua, accused of impersonating and faking recruitments into the Corps. According to the NSCDC, the suspect was arrested on Feb. 21 when some potential victims were about to be swindled of N7, 000 each at Njikoka Local Council Area of Anambra. The accused said she was given slots to recruit officers into the Corps and that those who were interested should pay some money into her account. It is an open secret that scores of Nigerians are currently out of job and therefore ready and willing to do anything to secure employment. Observers also decry the way available jobs in Ministries, Department and Agencies (MDAs) of government were shared any top politicians and civil servants. The development recently echoed in the Senate, as Senate President Ahmed Lawan, was accused of singlehandedly securing 26 job slots for his constituents, from the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS). Mr Rasheed Ambali, a public affairs analyst, observed that the nature of job racketeering that takes place in some agencies is demoralising and remains condemnable. Ambali, blamed the issue of job racketeering on politician, stressing that politician gave out jobs or posts available to their cronies who supported them during their campaigns. “If I am not mistaken, these people caused it in the first place, they gave out jobs or posts available to their cronies who supported them during the campaigns. “The mentality today is that you must belong to the party in power before getting anything and you know our people with their excess demand mentality, some even turned them to Father Christmas,” he stated. He noted that legislators are now the `credentials’ used in search of jobs by constituents, noting that the pressure they mount on their representative was huge. The public affair analyst stated that the most worrisome development is that legislators use their positions to secure jobs in MDAs for their children, ward and constituents, instead of allowing merit and the federal character principle to prevail. He called on the appropriate authority to immediately halt the trend and allow merit to prevail, adding that job racketeering erode people’s confidence and faith in the country. “Slots for jobs should not be shared amongst legislators and their oversight privileges over MDAS should not be abused.’’ Ambali, however, have a word of caution for the citizenry, “I also think people should stop seeking jobs from their legislators, the pressure constituents mount on their representatives also fuel this practice.” Muhammed Musa-Gombe, a political analyst, stressed that as much as he abhorred job racketeering, he noted that most Nigerians would not condemn the act if they are the beneficiary. He said that until the citizenry all rise in unison to condemn such behaviour and refuse to be drawn into such practices, “We will simply continue to shout ourselves hoarse. “I heard some MDAs collect as much as N2.5million for an employment letter and I heard some of us are paying to collect such letters.” Dr Ugo Egboju, a public affairs analyst, said that recruitment into public service should be transparent. He warned of the consequences of job seekers paying to be given employment and posted to areas considered as juicy. (NANFEATURES) **If used, please credit the writer as well as News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)