By Salisu Sani-Idris  Abuja – Helpline Foundation for the Needy, Abuja, an NGN, has called for involvement of women leaders in mediation and peace building, as a panacea to achieving lasting peace and sustainability. President and Founder of the Foundation Dr Jumai Ahmadu, made the call while addressing a conference to mark the 2020 International Women’s Day (IWD) on Sunday in Abuja. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the theme of this year’s international women day was: “I am Generation Equality: Realizing Women’s Rights.” Ahmadu noted that until women were genuinely engaged in all spheres of decision making, peace would continue to elude the global community, adding that gender equality was the prerequisite for a better world. She said that creating a gender equal world was a collective responsibility, stressing that individual actions, conversations, behaviors and mindsets could have an impact on the larger society. Ahmadu described gender inequality and discrimination against women and girls as an abuse that was crying out for attention, noting that gender equality was essential for economies and communities to thrive. She said the commitment exhibited by the United Nations Secretary General, Antonio Guterres, in gender equality was a step in the right direction. “Collectively, we can make change happen. Collectively, we can each help to create a gender equality. Conversely, an equal world is an enabled world,” she said. Ahmadu, however, called on the girl child to embrace digital technology, warning that unless women played an equal role in designing digital technologies, progress on women’s rights could be reversed. “Like fears expressed in some quarters, I am deeply concerned by the male domination of technological professions in the universities, and other vocational institutions. ” These tech hubs are already shaping the economies and societies of the future. ” Unless women play an equal role in designing digital technologies, progress on women’s rights can be reversed. ” I am of the opinion that women embracing digital technology can be a useful tool to change the narrative,” she said. NAN also reports that the international women’s day, celebrated on March 8, every year, is a global day of celebrating the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women. The day was aimed to helping nations worldwide, eliminate discrimination against women. It also focused on helping women gain full and equal participation in global development. (NAN)