An Unidentified commercial bus conductor reportedly fainted on Saturday after officials of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority intercepted his vehicle to arrest him and his driver for violating the state traffic rule in the Maryland area of the state. PUNCH Metro gathered that during the operation, there was an altercation between the conductor and the LASTMA officials. However, the altercation reportedly degenerated into a physical combat and the conductor fainted in the process. Footage of the incident, which went viral on the social media, showed passengers in the bus, including a riot policeman, condemning the action of the LASTMA official, who allegedly assaulted the conductor, after efforts to make him regain consciousness proved abortive. In the video, the passengers were heard telling the LASTMA official to carry the conductor, who was lying motionless on the road, while the LASTMA official was also heard saying “With what you are doing, I won’t let you work on this road again.” Reacting to the development, the Public Relations Officer, LASTMA, Olumide Filade, said an investigation carried out by the agency revealed that the bus driver and conductor violated the state traffic rule, adding that the conductor put up the act of fainting to whip up public sentiment against the agency’s personnel. Filade stated that the General Manager, LASTMA, Olajide Oduyoye, said efforts were on to ensure that motorists strictly comply with the state traffic rules to restore sanity to Lagos roads. He said, “The attention of the management of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority has been drawn to a video trending online of a LASTMA officer having an altercation with a commercial bus conductor at Maryland, Lagos, on Saturday, March 7, 2020. “The General Manager, LASTMA, Olajide Oduyoye, while reacting to the trending video, stated unequivocally that the rules of engagement for the agency’s officials with members of the public did not include being physical with traffic offenders as stated in the law that guides the agency’s operations. “Oduyoye further said the circumstances surrounding the video had been investigated thoroughly and it was discovered that the bus contravened the law by leaving the door open on motion, while the conductor was also caught on camera hanging on the bus, adding that they had committed the same offences several times in the past. “The GM clarified that this was the modus operandi of this particular bus driver and the conductor by pretending to faint at the point of being arrested in order to whip up public sympathy against our officers. He, therefore, urges road users in Lagos to adhere strictly to the traffic law of the state in order to keep the traffic flowing for economic growth and the well-being of all.” While assuring the public that justice would be done in the matter, Filade said Oduyoye had put machinery in motion to nab other motorists, who were fond of violating the state traffic rules. Filade said, “Oduyoye assured the public that justice will be done on the issue as the driver, the police escort and the conductor have been released owing to public sentiments, while reiterating that 25 officers of the agency had gone through disciplinary procedures and necessary sanctions administered, with some having their appointments terminated, since he assumed office in October 2019. “Oduyoye stated that concerted efforts would be made to apprehend the offenders to face the full wrath of the law, while he enjoined commuters and the public to refrain from preventing LASTMA officials from discharging their duties, because enforcement is principally meant for their safety and security.” See Video Below; Alleged bribe-seeking LASTMA apprehended after beating bus conductor into coma in Maryland, Lagos A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Mar 7, 2020 at 6:10am PST