Minister of humanitarian affairs, disaster management and social development, Sadiya Farouq, says the Federal government has begun cash transfer to the poorest households in the country to cushion the economic impact of the Coronavirus pandemic. Farouk announced this at a press conference in Abuja. She said her ministry has commenced advance payment of conditional cash transfer to the poorest households in the country. She however did not disclose the amount of cash that is being transfered to the poor. “In Mr. President’s speech, paragraph 54, he directed that the conditional cash transfer should be given in advance of two months. This we have also done. We have directed immediate cash transfer to the poorest and most vulnerable households in the country. “Because of this COVID-19, the vulnerable groups have to be expanded, because we are aware that there are people who live on daily wage, so we are also going to look at those groups of people to see how we can get this food relief intervention to them in this period.” she said Lagos and Abuja are currently on lockdown as part of measures to contain the spread of Coronavirus. As of this morning, Nigeria has 131 confirmed cases of Coronavirus. Source Following the presidential directive to ease the sufferings of the vulnerable that might be affected by the lockdown following the outbreak of COVID-19, the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Farouq said trucks conveying relief materials have been deployed to affected states. She said the trucks… March 30, 2020 In "News" By Alex Chiejina LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - In Nigeria, up to five million people, among the most needy and most vulnerable, will get access to social safety nets by 2021 through a $500 million International Development Association (IDA) credit approved by the World Bank Group’s Board of Executive Directors, Sundiata… June 9, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Imelda Osayande Benin - The National Cash Transfer Office (NCTO) has trained 78 Local Government Cash Transfer Facilitators on Savings and Group Mobilization (SGM) for the national cash transfer beneficiaries in Edo.Mr Solomon Kola, the National Training Officer from Abuja, told newsmen in Benin on Wednesday that the training… August 21, 2019 In "News"