In exercise of the powers conferred on him by Sections 2, 3 and 4 of the Quarantine Act (CAP Q2 LFN 2004) and all other powers enabling him in that behalf, President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday signed the COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, which declared COVID-19 a dangerous infectious disease. This was made known in a statement by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, on Monday. Adesina said the Regulations, effective March 30, 2020, also gave legal backing to the various measures outlined in the President’s National Broadcast on March 29, 2020 such as Restriction/Cessation of Movement in Lagos State, FCT and Ogun State and others toward containing the spread of the pandemic in the country. In addition, to ensure that Nigerians can still perform online transactions and use ATMs whilst observing these restrictions, exemption is granted financial system and money markets to allow very skeletal operations in order to keep the system in light operations during the pendency of these regulations. (TheEagleonline) •President Muhammadu Buhari Yesterday, Sunday, March 29, 2020, President Muhammadu Buhari addressed Nigerians on the COVID-19 pandemic, detailing some of the stringent measures and restrictions the Nigerian government would implement to contain the further spread of the coronavirus. Among other things, he ordered the cessation of all movements in Lagos,… March 30, 2020 In "Opinion" Agency Reporter Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has finally bowed to pressure as will finally address Nigerians by 7pm today (Sunday). His Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, disclosed this in a statement. Many Nigerians have been eager to hear what the President will have to… March 29, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Gami Tadanyigbe Kuje (FCT) - The Gomo of Kuje, Alhaji Jibrin Tanko, on Monday advised residents in the Federal Capital Territory to obey the Federal Government’s 14-day restriction to curb the spread of COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. The traditional ruler gave the advice in an interview with the News… March 30, 2020 In "News"