…..Calls For Transformative Policies Aimed At
Increasing Women MPs ….Commends African Govt That have
ensure increase of number of women
MPs By
Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja
(Sundiata Post) – The Chairperson of the Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians,
African Region, Hon Dr. Zainab Gimba has said that different Strategies and resolutions have been put in place
to ensure that gender equality and women empowerment is achieved across all sectors. Hon. Dr.
Zainab also called for transformative but irreversible policies aimed at increasing
the number of women MPs in
African region and commended African countries that have ensured increase of
number of women MPS. She made the
call at the occasion of the 2020 International Women’s Day (IWD) celebration in
Abuja. According to
her, “It is worth noting that different
Strategies and resolutions have been put in place to ensure that gender
equality and women empowerment is achieved across all sectors   i.e.  
 In   economic,  
social,   political   and  
in   decision   making  
bodies, notably, CPA Africa Region has also made an important step
towards the increase of women MPs in National Parliaments. “Several milestones   on   Gender   Equality  
and   Women   Empowerment  
at   Global,   Regional  
and National levels have been achieved. They include the
following: Globally   reaching     20  
years   of   United  
Nations   Security   Council  
Resolution (UNSCR No. 1325) on Women, Peace and Security (2000) which
links the issue of gender equality with peace and security; 10th Anniversary of
UN Women which is dedicated to realizing gender equality and the empowerment of
women; and Agenda 2030 on Sustainable Development Goals with specific Goal   No. 
5   on Gender Equality, at
Regional level, among many milestones, is the AU Strategy for Gender Equality
and Women’s Empowerment for the period of 2018-2028 which sets forth a plan to
realize six aspirations of the African Unions Agenda 2063, she said. The Chairperson  of Commonwealth  Women Parliamentarians noted that transformative
policies leading to accelerated and irreversible change on a broad scale remain
necessary. “Women continue to be more likely than men to live   in  
extreme   poverty;   they  
also   remain   significantly   underrepresented   in decision making roles and leadership
roles across all sectors, she said. “In
addition, women and girls continue to experience multiple forms of
discrimination based on age, class,  
ethnicity   and   race.  
In   this   regard,  
we   as   CWP  
through   our   National parliaments have to ensure that our
Governments maintain the commitments to gender equality such as obligations
under convention on the Elimination of all forms of discrimination against
Women (CEDAW), Agenda 2030   and Agenda 2063. “Moreover,
while we acknowledge the importance of the increase of women in   decision  
making   bodies   through  
affirmative   actions,   we  
should   also   look beyond descriptive representation,
where progress should be made on substantive representation so as to be able to
translate the gains of the increase into changing status   and  
lives   of   women  
at   large. Hon. Dr.
Zainab while Commending African governments that have ensured increase of
number of women MPs said: “I  
commend   the   Governments  
of   those Parliaments which have
seen the increase of number of women
MPs which is contributed by, among other issues, gender quotas/affirmative
action policies in their countries. This should be encouraged to other
countries to adopt the same. “Evidently,
we have witnessed the number of women in some Parliaments reaching the Beijing
target of at least 30 percent. These include Parliaments of Rwanda (61.2%),
South Africa (46.2%), Namibia (42.7%), Mozambique (41.2%), Tanzania (36.9%) and
Uganda (34.8%). “We acknowledge
that, the number of women MPs in CPA Africa Region has increased from 25.75
percent in 2015 to 27.5 percent in 2020 which is slightly above the global
percentage of 24.5 percent. Statistics in Nigeria reflect a slight increase in the number of women
in parliament following election tribunal victories arising from 2019
election petitions. In the Federal House of representatives, the number of
women Members of Parliament increased to 13 while the Senate recorded the 8th
female senator. This sounds to be a small victory but it is a big gain for the women   of  
Nigeria, she noted. She therefore
bemoaned countries whose women Parliaments are even lower than 20 percent, like
Botswana (10.77%), Eswatini (9.59%), Ghana (13.09%), Nigeria (3.43%),   Sierra 
Leone   (12.33%)   and  
Zambia   (16.77%). She therefore
urged all CWP Branches in Africa Region to continue striving for girls and women rights by pushing for their
social, economic, cultural and political achievements. “As   we  
mark   the   25th 
anniversary   of   the  
Beijing Declaration  and  Platform 
for  Action,   we 
must  realize  that 
‘gender  equality  is achieved when women and men enjoy the same
rights and opportunities across all sectors  
of  society,   including  
economic   participation   and  
decision-making,   and when
different behaviors, aspirations of women and men are equally valued and favoured’  so   on
this   day, let’s  celebrate 
what  has been  achieved 
so  far while continuing to
encourage more efforts towards transformative policies leading to gender
equality on a broad scale, she emphasized. Let everyone, in their capacity, talk, think
and act equally, this will create a ripple effect that benefits everyone, Hon
Dr Zainab added.