By Emmanuel Acha Enugu – Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama on Friday donated educational materials to no fewer than 3,004 pupils from five primary schools in Enugu State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the donation, which included books, was made through the minister’s foundation, the Kwusike Foundation. The Director of the foundation, Mr Flavour Eze, said that the gesture was part of the ongoing move to encourage residents of the state to pursue quality education. Eze said that the action was part of programmes lined up by the foundation to empower the people and ensure that Onyeama gave back to society. He said that the foundation had earlier organised a workshop where about 60 public school teachers were mentored on the modern ways of transferring knowledge to students. “The minister is passionate about touching the lives of not just residents of the state, but also every other Nigerians; what we are doing is Pan-Nigerian,” he said. He said that one of the major projects the foundation would be implementing soon include a human capacity building training for no fewer than 300 persons.
He said that beneficiaries of the empowerment programme would have the opportunity to train in cosmetology, baking, sewing, hair dressing, welding and others, within the financial limits of the foundation. “We are also implementing a project called, Micro Garden in Agriculture for Youths. This programme will seek to build the capacity of our young people in agribusiness in line with the reforms in the agricultural sector. “We shall continue to support our school children and students and will soon roll out our bursary programmes,” Eze said. Responding, the Head Teacher, WTC Primary School, New Layout, Enugu, Mrs Felicia Aliozor, thanked the minister for the intervention. Aliozor said that the gesture would alleviate the burden many families face in providing educational materials to their wards. “It is unbelievable that this type of thing can happen at a time we are not having election. The last time our pupils received this type of assistance was during the last election,” Aliozor said. Also, a primary five pupils in the school, Chioma Iloagu, said she was happy to have received such gifts from Onyeama. “I am very happy and feel like using the materials now. I want God to keep blessing him so that he will always remember us,” Iloagu said. NAN reports that other schools whose pupils benefitted from the gesture included Udi, Premier Primary School, Udi, and Central School, Eke. Others are St. Paul’s Nursery and Primary School, Eke, and Mater Dei College benefitted. (NAN)