The very many fans of Big Brother Naija reality show have called for the disqualification of Erica over death threats against Laycon. Recall that Erica who already has two strikes from previous offenses threatened to kill Laycon outside the house. The Abia born stressed that she will make sure Laycon suffers in life. Erica said if not for Biggie, she would beat up Laycon and that outside the house, she will kill him. This was because she claimed that Laycon refused to prove beyond reasonable doubt that she tried to kiss him severally. She also poured water on the Head of House (HoH) bed in order to stop Prince who is her deputy from sharing the lounge with her. Reacting, some Nigerians on social media urged the organizers of the show to disqualify Erica for death threats which violated the house rules. Here are some comments gathered from Twitter: @Royalebone, “One thing Erica doesn’t understand is that Death threats are the worst kind of threat. Even if Erica said it out of anger towards laycon, any obsessed fan of hers can go ahead with the shit she said. If Biggie doesn’t disqualify Erica today, then @BBNaija show is shitty.” @KOB, “All I know is Erica deserved to be disqualified. Making death threats is just like killing the person already but we know big brother won’t disqualify her cos they’re both in it together.” @Amenstellaz, “Biggie please before you disqualify Erica show her the video of her trying to kiss Laycon so that she will not blame laycon for her disqualification. I blame @Ebuka for everything, he did not try at all.” @Oridadeofficial_, “After they Disqualify Erica, she needs to go to the police station to sign an undertaking for all the death threats she has been dishing out on Laycon this night. “No be only her drink the Gordons, Ozo got drunk also and went to sleep. Nobody should blame alcohol.” @Oluwanijfemi, “Erica needs help, she poured water on the bed so that Prince won’t sleep on it, how Petty can one be. They should disqualify her abeg.” @centiabeauty, “Disqualification biggie!!If biggie doesn’t disqualify Erica then I will know it’s all a planned show.Erica is not better than other housemates and strikes should not be bias. “ @fbeautyyinn, “Two offenses in one night. She used the word vote and secondly she threatened her fellow housemate. Biggie please rewatch tonight’s episode after your eye don clear of Gordon.” @Dbuka_leon, “It’s time for Erica to leave that house, she’s the HOH for this week. This is unacceptable! If Biggie doesn’t disqualify her then it’s bad.” @_itsvibezy, “Biggie should disqualify Erica jeje why this toxic? Assistant God saying She’ll make sure Laycon suffers in this life(if men were God ehn) She’ll kill Laycon(death threats) if a man said half what she did last night Twitter feminists and attorney’s for burn this app now.”@pemgmanmodel, “Biggie at this point if you disqualify Erica, I no go vex. She just said “Laycon will die, he will kill himself” Source Big Brother Naija housemate, Erica has vowed that Laycon will kill himself for lying about her. Erica who was drunk after the Saturday night party said the singer will kill himself. She said the only thing saving him is Biggie, because she will kill him outside the house. “I will… September 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija Season 5 couple Kiddwaya and Erica may be causing trouble for themselves after bodyshaming Laycon. It happened that they talked bad about Laycon's stature. Recall that on Sunday, the duo were given strikes by Biggie. Erica received two strikes for whispering and staying at the Head Of House room… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian singer, Teni Akpata has weighed in on the love triangle between Laycon, Kiddwaya, and Erica. Recall that Erica said she is physically attracted to Kiddwaya who she described as her ‘Bestie’ during Sunday live eviction. Erica also asked Laycon, who also has feelings for her to “keep his… August 10, 2020 In "News"