By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja –  The Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole has destroyed compounds, housing Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists at Kaza on the Gulumba Gana – Kumshe axis of Borno. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, who disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja, said that scores of terrorists were killed in the attack. Enenche said the air raid was in continuation of the sustained offensive against insurgents in the North East. He said that the air strike was executed on Tuesday, following credible intelligence and confirmatory Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) missions indicating a resurgence of terrorists’ activities in the settlement. According to him, the identified locations within the settlement were therefore attacked by fighter jets and helicopter gunships dispatched by the Air Task Force. He said that the attack resulted in the destruction of the structures and the neutralisation of some of the ISWAP fighters. (NAN) By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation LAFIYA DOLE has neutralized scores of terrorists and destroyed their hideouts and logistics structures at Tumbuma Baba and Boboshe in Borno, the Defence Headquarters says. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in a statement… August 17, 2020 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE has destroyed a Boko Haram terrorists’ logistics storage facility. It also neutralized several of their fighters at Yamud, along the Gulumba Gana-Kumshe axis of Borno. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in a… August 12, 2020 In "News" Troops of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) have killed 20 suspected members of the Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) at Bukar Meram, Borno State, the Defence Headquarters (DHQ) said Tuesday. It said troops of Operation Hail Storm, the air task force of Operation Lafiya Dole carried out an… August 19, 2020 In "News"