By Deborah Coker Ugo (Edo State)  – Edo Gov. Godwin Obaseki on Wednesday advised his supporters to always ignore trouble makers as the date for the governorship election draws near.The governor, who is the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate in the state, gave the advice during the party’s ward-to-ward campaign/rally at Ugboko ward in Ugo community, Orhiomwon Local Government Area.Obaseki noted that that the Sept. 19, governorship election in the state was very important and there was the need for the PDP supporters to exercise restraint in the build-up to the election.He also disclosed that as the Chief Security Officer of the state he had promised the Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare II, that the election would be peaceful.“Nobody should make any trouble. Ignore trouble makers. This election is very important,” he said.The governor said that he was going on ward-to-ward campaign to see for himself what was happening in the state.He gave assurance to the people of Ugo community to build their roads, as well as ensure that the community benefitted massively from the agricultural revolution and policies of his administration.The governor, therefore, solicited for the continued support of the people as well as their votes come Sept. 19.According to him “Let me have another four years. In another four years Orhiomwon will not be the same.Earlier, Chief Dan Orbih, Chairman, PDP Edo governorship campaign council said that Obaseki’s second coming would be to consolidate on the gains of his first term.Orbih also said the PDP candidate would work more for the betterment of the state as well as repair the damage of the past and build a new Edo.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the party also received some politicians who cross carpeted to its fold, among them was a former state chairman of the Action Alliance. (NAN) By Deborah Coker Ogwa (Edo) -Gov. Godwin Obasekiof Edo and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the Sept. 19 governorship election has appealed to supporters of the party to re-elect the present administration for continuity of its people-oriented programmes Obaseki made the appeal at Ogwa, ward 1, in… August 21, 2020 In "Politics" By Deborah Coker Benin - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo says the party was committed to a peaceful election as well as to ensure that residents continue to live in good health. Mr Chris Nehikhare, State Publicity Secretary of the party, said this in Benin, on Sunday, at… August 16, 2020 In "Politics" Igbaugba Ehigimetor/Monday Ajogun Benin - As Edo residents prepare for the September 19 governorship election, the Oba of Benin, Oba Ewaure II, has warned politicians against setting the state on fire. “The warning is especially for the candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP),”… September 2, 2020 In "News"