ABUJA  -(Reuters) – Nigerian conglomerate BUA Group has selected France’s Axens for a multibillion-dollar 200,000 barrel per day (bpd) refinery and petrochemicals plant in Nigeria, the French company said in a statement on Tuesday. Axens, which makes systems to convert oil and biomass to cleaner fuels, said it will provide technology for the greenfield project designed to produce Euro-V fuels and polypropylene targeted at domestic and regional markets. Nigeria, Africa’s top oil exporter, aims to become a net exporter of gasoline and other petroleum products over the next two years as refinery projects in the West African country come on stream, the industry regulator said on Tuesday. “This large complex will help in reducing Nigeria’s dependence on imported fuels and petrochemicals,” said BUA, which also has interests in cement, food and mining. The BUA project will be located in Nigeria’s oil-producing region of Akwa-Ibom state, the statement said. A separate 650,000 bpd oil refinery, owned by Africa’s richest man, Aliko Dangote, is already under construction in Lagos. ABUJA -(Reuters) - Nigeria aims to become a net exporter of gasoline and other petroleum products over the next two years as oil refinery projects in the West African country come onstream, the industry regulator said on Tuesday. The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) said five refineries are being built… September 1, 2020 In "Business" By Yunus Yusuf Abuja - Alhaji Aliko Dangote, the President of Dangote Group, has received the Honorary Patron’s Award from Brevity Anderson for his contributions to the Global Hydrocarbon Industry and his investments in the Nigeria’s downstream sector. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Dangote received a resounding… January 30, 2019 In "News" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Dangote Oil Refinery Company on Sunday took delivery of what it described as the world’s largest crude distillation equipment. Capt. Rajen Sachar, Head, Maritime and Ports Infrastructure of Dangote, told newsmen at the arrival of the equipment in Lagos that it was the biggest… December 2, 2019 In "News"