Bangkok  -Singapore’s central bank on Monday said that the country’s economy, the wealthiest per-capita in South East Asia, could shrink by 6 per cent in 2020. Based on a survey of 26 economists by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). “The projected decline tops previous warnings of a 5.8-per-cent contraction and comes after a worse than expected 13.2-per-cent gross domestic product (GDP) slump during the second quarter. “A tightening in global financial conditions, an escalation in the global COVID-19 situation, as well as heightening of U.S.-China tensions” are likely to be the main causes of recession, according to the MAS. Singapore, a tiny city-state that depends on foreign trade and investment, saw its economy hit hard by an April 7 to June 2 lockdown that forced many businesses to close and year-on-year retail sales to fall by more than half. Singapore’s Ministry of Trade and Industry previously warned that the economy could shrink by up to 7 per cent in 2020. The government has revised the 2020 budget four times, pledging fiscal spending of around 20 per cent of GDP to try thwart the impact of the pandemic and related restrictions. Though tourist arrivals are still not allowed, Singapore is resuming “essential” or business travel with several countries, including China, Indonesia, Japan and Malaysia. Singapore has recorded more than 57,000 cases of the novel coronavirus almost all among low-wage migrant workers crammed into dozens of dormitories but only 27 related deaths. (dpa/NAN) Bangkok - Singapore’s central bank on Monday said that the country’s economy, the wealthiest per-capita in South East Asia, could shrink by 6 per cent in 2020. Based on a survey of 26 economists by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). “The projected decline tops previous warnings of a 5.8-per-cent… September 7, 2020 In "Foreign" Bangkok - The land crossing between Malaysia and Singapore on Monday re-opened as the two neighbours further relaxed curbs first imposed in March to stem the spread of the coronavirus. Business travel of up to 14 days is allowed, while some Malaysians who are employed in Singapore can once again… August 17, 2020 In "Foreign" India’s economy posted the biggest contraction among major economies last quarter, with a recent surge in coronavirus infections weighing on the outlook for any recovery. Gross domestic product shrank 23.9% in the three months to June from a year earlier, the Statistics Ministry said in a report Monday. That’s the… August 31, 2020 In "Foreign"