By Lucy Osuizigbo-Okechukwu Awka –  Mr Andrew Kumapayi, the Anambra State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps, said on Sunday that many passengers were burnt beyond recognition when their vehicle went into flames on the Ihiala/Onitsha road in Anambra State. Kumapayi said that they were yet to know the actual number of people that died in the accident because they were burnt beyond recognition. “This evening, a lone fatal road traffic crash was allegedly caused by tyre burst as a result of excessive speeding. The vehicle somersaulted and burst into flames. “Information reaching the Command states that all passengers on board were burnt beyond recognition, along with the bus. “The Anambra State fire service has been contacted and the FRSC rescue team from Ihiala Unit Command are on ground to ensure free flow of traffic, while all obstructions are being cleared,” he said. Kumapayi said that the corpse of the only male adult who jumped out of the vehicle in the process had been deposited at the Morgue at Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Ihiala. He added that there would be more updates as events unfold. (NAN) No fewer than 12 persons were on Thursday burnt to death following a fatal road accident along Tombia-Amassoma road in Yenagoa local Government Council Area of Bayelsa State. While nine persons were reportedly burnt to ashes on the spot following an explosion that accompanied the accident, four others later died… July 9, 2020 In "News" Fourteen people on Sunday night escaped death in three separate motor accidents in Anambra state. One of the accidents occurred at Umuokpu, along Onitsha-Awka Old Road, involving two vehicles. The others, which were lone accidents, occurred near a Police check point at Okija, along Ihiala-Owerri expressway and Uga Roundabout, Aguata… June 1, 2020 In "Metro" Chimezie Anaso Awka - The Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC) says it will hold enlarged stakeholders’ meeting with articulated vehicle operators in Anambra to check the rate of crashes involving trucks in the state. Mr Andrew Kumapayi. FRSC Sector Commander in Anambra, said this in an interview with the News… March 14, 2019 In "Metro"