By Muhammad Adam  Yola  – The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has advised the Federal Government to review the recent increase in fuel pump price. Mr Augustine Ndaghu, Yola Zonal Coordinator of the Union, gave the advice during a press conference in Yola on Monday. Ndaghu observed that the price increase was announced by the Federal Government at a wrong time when people were struggling to survive following the outbreak of Coronavirus. “This is not the right time for government to declare the fuel pump price increase because people are currently struggling to survive the COVID-19 economic meltdown,” Ndaghu said. On the lingering negotiations between the union and the government that led to the ongoing industrial dispute, the coordinator accused government of insincerity. He said that it was government’s inaction to recognise and implement various agreements signed between the two that led to the shutdown of the public universities in the country. “Federal Government continue to ignore the outstanding issues in the FG/ASUU Memorandum of Action of Feb. 7, 2019. “Government refused to take action on several letters written by the union, again government abandoned the path of dialogue on IPPIS since 2013,” he said. He lamented the coercion of their members into IPPIS with no recourse to the peculiarities of the Nigerian university system. Ndaghu called on parents and students to understand the current position and action which was meant to salvage the Nigerian university system. “Our stand is to salvage our universities from the current fate of the Nigerian public primary and secondary schools,” he added. (NAN) By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The minority caucus in the House of Representatives, has rejected the increase in pump price of fuel from N148 to N151. 56 announced by the Petroleum Product Marketing Company (PPMC) on Wednesday. The lawmakers, in a statement , said that the increment was unacceptable as… September 3, 2020 In "News" Abuja - Stakeholders in the petroleum industry have identified inadequate supply, sharp practices by private depots owners and epileptic refineries as factors responsible for pump prices differentials in the country. They made this known in a survey conducted by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the ``Challenges of enforcing the new… January 18, 2016 In "Metro" Barely two days after electricity tariff was increased by about 300 per cent, oil marketers yesterday fixed the pump price for Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), popularly called petrol, at N162 per litre. The marketers fixed the new price following the Federal government’s announcement that the product would now be sold… September 3, 2020 In "News"