A teacher in Ogun State, Mathew Adebayo, has been arrested by the police for allegedly defiling a candidate sitting the West African Senior School Certificate Examination at a private school where he teaches. City Round learnt that Adebayo was arrested after the school proprietress reported the case at the Sango Police Station. It was gathered that the 15-year-old boarding pupil reported Adebayo to the proprietress that Adebayo had sex with her on different occasions inside a classroom at night. The teacher reportedly cowed the girl into submission, threatening that she would fail the exams if she refused his sexual advances. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, SP Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed Adebayo’s arrest in a statement on Friday titled, “26-year-old teacher arrested for defiling his 15yrs old student.” He said, “A teacher in a private secondary school (name withheld), Mathew Adebayo, has been arrested by men of the Ogun State police Command for forcefully having unlawful carnal knowledge of a 15-year-old pupil of the school. “The teacher was arrested following a report by the proprietress of the school who reported at Sango Police Station that she was informed by one of her SS3 students that the suspect has been raping her repeatedly since school resumption in preparation for the WAEC examination. “She stated further that the said teacher intimidated the victim by telling her that she will not pass the WAEC exams if she didn’t allow him to have sex with her, consequence upon which he had been calling her out of the dormitory in the night and taking her to a classroom where he used to have carnal knowledge of her.” Oyeyemi stated that the victim opened up when she could no longer bear the sexual assault of the randy teacher.  Upon the report, the Divisional Police Officer of Sango Division, CSP Godwin Idehai, detailed detectives to the school where the suspect was arrested. The PPRO added, “He has since then made a confessional statement admitting the commission of the crime. The victim has been taken to hospital for medical attention.  “Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspect to the anti-human trafficking and child labour unit of the State Criminal investigation and Intelligence Department for further investigation and prosecution.” (Punch)