By Georgina Adegbie Abuja  -Nigeria plans to feature in the African Junior and Youths Wrestling Championships slated for between Dec. 5 and Dec. 11, in Nairobi, Kenya, an official has said.Christopher Nwadei, Technical Director, Nigeria Weightlifting Federation (NWF) told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja that the tournament would serve as an Olympic qualifier.He said that the Minister of Youths and Sports, Sunday Dare, has been supporting the federation whenever they have international competition.“Our target is to win medals, at least 24 medals at the championships. The lifters will do their best to make the country proud.“We have been giving a good record whenever we go out to represent the country,” he said.The NWF technical director said that the lifters would be called to camp in November to start preparations for the tournament. According to him, six lifter -five females and one male, will represent Nigeria at the competitions.”The lifters are; Stella Kingsley – 49 , Vanessa Ebelechukwu – 55 kg, Joy Ogbonne – 64 kg, Yusuf Adebuko – 64 kg, Taiwo Liadi – 76 kg and Vincent Adeyemi 96 kg.“They have been working hard in their various states to excel at the competition,” he said.Nwadei said he had been monitoring the training of lifters and that they were doing well. (NAN) Lagos  - Nigeria's female weightlifting team have arrived in Yaounde, Cameroon, for the continental championships, the Nigeria Weightlifting Federation (NWF) announced on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the competition holds from May 7 to May 13. Steve Olarinloye, the Federation's board member, told NAN that the… May 7, 2016 In "Sports" Abuja -  The 10 wrestlers representing the country at the Olympic qualifiers in Algeria are targeting to qualify for the Rio Olympic Games, a top official from the Nigeria Wrestling Federation (NWF) said. Daniel Ohaike , the Technical Director, NWF on Tuesday in Abuja told the News Agency of Nigeria… March 29, 2016 In "Sports" By Christian Ogbonna Yenagoa -   The Nigerian Wrestling Federation (NWF) has unveiled 12 athletes and five officials to represent the country at the Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia. The 2018 Commonwealth Games hold from April 4 to April 15. Unveiling the Wrestlers on Friday in Yenagoa, Dr Daniel… March 31, 2018 In "Sports"