By Ishaq Zaki  Gusau  -The All Progressives Congress (APC), has expressed optimism that the party will record victory at the forth coming by-election in Bakura Constituency for Zamfara State House of Assembly. Mr Umar Lawan, Chairman, Primary Election Committee appointed by the APC National Working Committee, said this at a news conference in Gusau on Friday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), fixed Oct. 31, for the by-election following the death of former Bakura constituency Assemblyman Tukur Jekada. NAN further reports that a former Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Alhaji Bello Dankande, on Sept. 3, emerged APC’s candidate for the by-election. Lawan said that four persons purchased the forms to contest in the primaries but one candidate, Sani Yarkufuji was disqualified by the screening committee. He said that the remaining three candidates: Bello Dankande, Sa’idu Danbala and Lawal Birnintudu were cleared. The state APC Chairman, Alhaji Lawal Liman, told newsmen how he initiated dialogue among the three to produce one consensus candidate for the election and they obliged. “We thank God that two candidates, Alhaji Sa’idu Danbala and Lawal Birnintudu stepped down for Bello Dankande as sole candidate of the party. “Therefore, Dankande emerged as consensus candidate in line with the constitutional provision of the party. “Dankande was later ratified by large number of APC delegates from 11 wards that made up Bakura constituency,” Liman said. “We have real hope of victory in this election as there has been no dissenting voice from APC members. “This indicates that the APC is highly fixed and formed at the grassroots in Zamfara,” the party chairman said. (NAN) In Zamfara, the party had what it considered a clean sweep but on Friday, the highest court in the land awarded the ruling party’s votes to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The cause of this massive loss by the party could be traced to internal crisis that prevented it from… May 24, 2019 In "Politics" By Ishaq Zaki Bakura (Zamfara) - Alhaji Bello Dankande, former Zamfara State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, has donated 2,755 sets of clothing materials to various categories of the needy in Bakura Local Government Area of the state.Speaking at the distribution of the materials in Bakura on Saturday,… May 16, 2020 In "News" By Ishaq Zaki Gusau -  The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Zamfara state has zoned the governorship position of the party to the central zone. Alhaji Lawal M-Liman, chairman of the party in the state revealed this after the stakeholders meeting held at Government House in Gusau on Wednesday. News… September 5, 2018 In "Politics"