ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – As part of its ongoing reforms to align the nation’s tax system with global standards, the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has launched a new Automatic Exchange of Information-Common Reporting Standard (AEOI-CRS) system for the use of financial institutions in the country. Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr. Muhammad Nami, announced the deployment of the AEOI-CRS) in a notice calling on reporting financial institutions under the Income Tax (Common Reporting Standard) Regulations 2019 to enroll on the portal. According to Mr. Nami, “the Automatic Exchange of Information-Common Reporting Standard (AEOI-CRS) system portal is currently live, open and active. Consequently, all Reporting Financial Institutions (Commercial Banks, Merchant Banks, Discount Houses, Mortgage and Development Banks, Insurance and Life Assurance Companies, Investment Advisers, Trustees, Asset Management Companies, Issuing Houses, Brokers/Dealers, etc.) are invited to enroll on the AEOI-CRS portal.” Explaining the simple process of enrolment, the FIRS Executive Chairman stated that “each Reporting Financial Institution (FI) is required to designate an appropriate officer as Primary User (PU).  The PU is the custodian of the FI’s login details on the portal.  A letter signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the FI introducing the PU to the FIRS is required as part of the enrolment process. “In order to enroll as a PU of an FI and have access to related AEOI-CRS documents, please visit the FIRS website at www.firs.gov.ng and navigate the menu tab on Automatic Exchange of Information.  Please do this only if relevant contact details have been forwarded to the FIRS. FIs are to further take notice that CRS reports for 2019 are due not later than 30th September 2020. “For further information, send enquiries to aeoi.enquiries@firs.gov.ng or sanya.gbonjubola@firs.gov.ng”. ABUJA (Sponsored) - The FIRS had earlier outlined a number of measures put in place  to support Taxpayers in managing their tax obligations during this very challenging time. Recently, the Service had been inundated with requests for an extension of the time for filing reports by Financial Institutions under the… May 19, 2020 In "Business" •Muhammad Nami, FIRS Executive Chairman Even the oracle in my village can correctly predict the state of the nation’s economy by the third quarter of this year. The IMF therefore deserves no compliment for projecting that Nigeria would enter its worst recession in 30 years. Covid-19 is bringing about a… April 17, 2020 In "Opinion" ABUJA (Press Release) - The final performance result in revenue collection by the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) for the first quarter(Q1, 2020) has been released, which revealed that the Service posted a new collection record of 15% increase for the quarter under review compared to the Q1,2019   The 15%… April 16, 2020 In "News"