Washington –  U.S. President Donald Trump said he had not yet seen any direct evidence of Russian state involvement in the suspected poisoning of dissident Alexei Navalny, but had no reason to doubt the German assessment. Trump, who said this while speaking during a news conference at the White House on Friday, however, described the suspected poisoning of Navalny as “horrible”. German authorities say toxicology tests have revealed that Navalny, who is currently comatose in a Berlin hospital, has been poisoned with the nerve agent Novichok. “Based on what Germany is saying that seems to be the case. “I would be very angry if that’s the case,” Trump said. Separately, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Stephen Biegun met with Russian Ambassador Anatoly Antonov to express “grave concern about the German government’s findings that Russian opposition leader Aleksey Navalny was poisoned by a chemical nerve agent.” At the meeting in Washington, Biegun urged Russia to cooperate with an international probe. Trump said he expected to soon receive documentation on the case which would allow for the U.S. to make a determination. He said he understood the desire to take action against Russia, but also insisted he “maintains” a good relationship with President Vladimir Putin. The Russian state has adamantly denied allegations of involvement in the Navalny incident. Trump also raised his long-standing disagreement with Germany over the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, questioning Berlin’s decision to buy energy from Moscow. The U.S. has imposed some sanctions on the pipeline project and more could come. (dpa/NAN) Moscow - A court in Moscow has rejected a request from dissident Alexei Navalny’s legal team calling for legal action against Russian authorities, according to state media. The court did not agree with the legal team’s complaint that authorities were not duly investigating the suspected poisoning of Navalny, thought to… September 4, 2020 In "Foreign" Moscow -Russian officials on Friday refused to allow political opposition activist Alexei Navalny, who is in a comatose, near-fatal condition in a Siberian hospital, to be evacuated to Berlin for treatment. Navalny’s condition is unstable, and it would be dangerous to transport him, the Head Doctor at the hospital in… August 21, 2020 In "Foreign" Moscow -A senior Russian Health official said on Tuesday that Germany did not appear to have enough evidence to claim that Russian dissident, Alexei Navalny, had been poisoned. Berlin’s Charite hospital, which has been treating Navalny in a near-fatal coma since he was evacuated from a Siberian hospital, claims Navalny… August 25, 2020 In "Foreign"