Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former District Police Officer (DPO) of Offa police station, Offa local government area of Kwara state Adamu Danjuma Monday narrated in graphic details how daredevil armed robbers in April 5th, 2018 allegedly killed nine police officers and eleven civilians in cold blood in the ancient town. Danjuma, who was the station’s DPO then revealed how he escaped the robbers’ bullets by the skin of his teeth, said he ran from pillar to post while the operation lasted. During the operation no fewer than five banks and Offa police post were attacked by the suspected robbers. All the accused; Ayoade Akinnibosun, Ibikunle Ogunleye, Adeola Abraham, Salahudeen Azeez and Niyi Ogundiran were present in court Monday. The police boss said armed robbers allegedly destroyed the police armoury and carted away 21 AK47 rifles. Giving evidence in a Kwara state High Court, Ilorin at the resumed hearing of the case, Danjuma who is the fifth prosecution witness (PW5), added that the suspected armed robbers also usedexplosive to attack banks and the police post. He gave the names of the police officers and men that were gunned down by the suspected robbers as Julius Pelemo (ASP), Yusuf Danjuma (Inspector), Grace Makinde (Inspector) and Oke Kayode (Inspector). Others are Sergeants Mustapha Kolawole, Bilikisu Babawale, AbimbolaAdedokun, Yootum Nakoma and Monday Isa. He said: “On the said date at about 4:45pm I heard a gunshot from the direction of Captain Cook Eatery Junction in the town; two minutes interval I heard sporadic shootings from that direction heading towards my police station. Immediately, I came out of my office to the charge room (counter). The shootings were approaching the station. “In response I also fired gunshots into the air from my pistol. As a result there was temporary stoppage of shootings from outside. Suddenly, the shootings started coming in from different directions towards the station. A lady who was manning the pedestrian gate was shot in one of her arms making her to abandon the place and ran for her dear life. The shootings continued. “Thereafter, the robbers released explosive into the security tower of the station. Another explosive was released and it hit the main road and bored deep hole on the role. This melee disorganized the whole station. Then the ammunition in my pistol had got exhausted. This made me to run for cover at the back of the station’s mosque. “At the back of the mosque I sighted three of the armed robbers chasing ASP Julius Pelemo to the back of the station’s fence. Then I heard the shout of the late Julius after a gunshot. Then I heard one of the robbers calling those ones that ran after the late ASP to come over to the charge room (counter). One of them entered the Surveillance Office and shot dead a police woman. From them two of them ran to the charge room (counter). “I now changed my position to the toilet near the back of the fence. At that place I was able to communicate with the state Commissioner of police, deputy commissioner, operations and the command’s spokesperson seeking for reinforcement. While this was happening at the state,simultaneously I was hearing gunshots at the banks direction in the town. I was also hearing explosions and accompanying flames around banks area. “At interval of between five and 10 minutes I would hear shootings from the charge room, making it impossible for me to come out of the toilet. After a while I heard shouts from the town that ‘olee they don go.’ From the toilet I headed straight to the charge room and then to the armoury to see the level of damage. When I entered the armoury I discovered that they had broken the armoury key. Then I went to my office and took my office padlock to lock the armoury.” The police chief said that three civilians killed in his station by the robbers were one suspect and two witnesses. He continued “while I was planning to take corpses of the deceased to the mortuary, the Administrative Officer of Mopol came into the station with two police officers shot death on their duty post at the banks. In addition, other people brought in corpses of civilians killed by the robbers.” He said he was instrumental for the conveyance of the 17 corpses to the General Hospital in Ilorin for autopsy and got their death certificates. “When I did a preliminary investigation and took inventory of the arms remaining in the armoury. Then we mopped up of the expended ammunition and deposited same at the state headquarters in Ilorin,” he said. Among the recovered exhibits, he said, are two expended 5.6mm black ammunition; four 5.6mm live ammunition; 39 expended 7.6mm ammunition; one expended 9mm ammunition; one live 5.6mm ammunition, four pellets and cartridge safety box labeled Ikoyi, Lagos, Ministry of PoliceAffairs. Hearing of the case continues Tuesday It has been revealed that the 12 suspects currently being interrogated by Police operatives in Kwara State over the recent bank robbery in Offa were arrested through the tracking of mobile phones the robbers collected from victims. Vanguard gathered that after the robbery operation, the suspects took away the handsets… April 23, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo Ilorin - One of the prosecution witnesses in the ongoing Offa robbery case, Insp  Hitila Hassan, said on Friday that no fewer than 21 AK 47 rifles were stolen from the armoury of a police station in the community. The witness, who  was being led by the… January 26, 2019 In "News" No fewer than six policemen and six others, including residents and bank customers, have been reported killed after some robbers stormed about five banks in Offa, in the Offa Local Government Area of Kwara State on Thursday. Sources said the men, who numbered close to 30, blew up entrances into… April 6, 2018 In "Top Stories"