By Idris Olukoya  Lagos State  -Mrs Olufolayimika Ayandele, the Tutor General/Permanent Secretary, Lagos State Education District III, has urged the public and private school administrators to create isolation rooms in schools to prepare for the resumption of students. Ayandele told the News Agency of Nigeria in Lagos on Thursday that the development became necessary to forestall any further spread of the coronavirus pandemic in schools. “Even though, we have not recorded any cases of the pandemic in schools involving either student or teacher since the resumption of senior secondary school students, the preparation is necessary. “The feedback from our school monitoring team has been encouraging. “The students, who are writing external examination have been complying with Covid-19 rules in schools,” she said. Ayandele said preparing the isolation centres had become imperative ahead of the high number of students, who would be resuming school soonest. According to her, it is part of a precautionary measure that should be put in place by the directors of school to fight the pandemic. “The Lagos State Government has played its part and done its best to combat Covid-19 pandemic in schools. “School owners and administrators should also complement government efforts by providing other necessary apparatus needed to thwart the pandemic in schools. “The private sector should support the government to fight the pandemic in schools and outside the school premises,” she said. She added that any student found with Covid-19 symptom will be taken to the isolation room before calling on the NCDC official for further action. Ayandele said that as part of the the state government efforts to control the spread of the pandemic, public school teachers are currently undergoing Covid-19 Rapid Response training. She said that the Lagos government had done all the needful in public schools ahead of the resumption. The governmennt, she said,had provided sanitizers, liquid soup, regular flow of water for handwashing, nose masks, and other necessary preventive measures for the students, staff, and teachers. Ayandele urged students, staff, and teachers to comply with the state government Covid-19 guidelines for their safety. (NAN) The Lagos State government has put in place some safety measures for transitional students who have been allowed to write their West African Senior School Certificate Examination. At Vetland Senior Grammar school, Oko Oba, Agege, hand basins, running water, santisers, digital thermometer for temperature check have been put in place… August 3, 2020 In "News" By Oluwakemi Oladipo Lagos - Some education stakeholders on Thursday expressed divergent viewpoints on Federal Government’s postponement of the Senior Secondary Certificate Examination in Nigeria due to the raging COVID-19 pandemic.In separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, the stakeholders also spoke on the suspension of… July 9, 2020 In "News" By Oluwakemi Oladipo Lagos - schools are set to reopen in Lagos State, the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has urged management of the schools to put in place student-friendly policies to cushion the effects of the pandemic. Mr Olawale Kappo, South West Coordinator of NANS, and Mr Rasheed… August 30, 2020 In "Education"