By Abdullahi Shugaba Katsina  -The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Sokoto Zone, has called on the National Universities Commission (NUC), to investigate alleged frauds by Vice Chancellors (VCs) of some universities across the country. The ASUU Coordinator of the zone, Malam Jamilu Shehu, in a statement in Katsina on Friday, said that vice chancellors of some universities were defrauding unsuspecting students and parents. The zone comprises Usumanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto; Umaru Musa Yaradua University Katsina; and Kebbi State University of Science and Technology, Aliero. Others are Federal University, Dutsin-ma, Katsina State; Federal University, Gusau; and Federal University, Birnin Kebbi. ASUU said that some VCs were deceiving and defrauding unsuspecting students and parents by pretending to have kept the academic session running, despite the closure of universities by the Federal Government due to Coronavirus. “We know of some universities where students were mandated to pay for academic gowns in order to participate in online matriculation and graduation ceremonies. “There were also reports of some VCs involving surrogates and relatives as supervisors of the candidates writting examinations during the lockdown. “We salute the courage and resoluteness of many VCs who have stood their grounds in preserving the quality of education. “We however, call on the NUC to investigate these issues with a view to saving the university education from decay,’’ he said. The union also decried the recent relocation of Federal University Dutsin-ma Katsina from its permanent site to the former take-off campus, due to the insecurity in the North-West. “It is also embarrassing that two universities in the zone established 10 years ago namely, Federal University, Gusau, and Federal University, Birnin Kebbi, have been operating without Establishment Acts. “We therefore call on the Federal Government to take urgent and necessary steps to remedy the situation,” Shehu said. (NAN) LAGOS - The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) on Wednesday accused the Vice-Chancellor, Lagos State University, Prof. John Obafunwa, of not possessing a PhD and holding two jobs. Dr Adesola Nasir, ASUU’s Zonal Coordinator, Lagos Zone, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]Lagos that apart from… January 28, 2015 In "News" Lagos - The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Lagos Zone, on Wednesday urged Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State to immediately constitute a visitation panel to the Lagos State University (LASU), Ojo. Dr Adesola Nasir, ASUU Zonal Coordinator, made the plea at a media briefing in Lagos. Nasir said… August 19, 2015 In "News" A former Vice Chancellor of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Anthony Elujoba, has been remanded in Ilesha Prisons after the bail application was dismissed. Justice David Oladimeji of the Federal High Court in Ede, Osun State, ruled that Mr. Elujoba be remanded till July 19 when the case will be brought… July 11, 2017 In "Top Stories"