By Kelechi Ogunleye  Abuja  -Mrs Amina Liman, President, Fire Officers Wives Association (FOWA), on Thursday donated over 200 sanitary pads to female students of the Government Secondary School (GSS), Karshi, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that other items donated to the Junior (JSS3) and Senior Secondary School (SSS3) girls were packs of tissue and detergents. Donating the items, Liman said the association deemed it fit to ensure school girls maintained menstrual hygiene amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. She advised students to ensure proper sanitary pads usage, change and disposal to avoid infection and environmental contamination. The FOWA President further thanked the Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Pauline Tallen, for supporting the association with cartons of sanitary pads which were part of the toiletries distributed to the students. “We are here today as an association and as concerned caring mothers to make this donation following the outcome of the virtual meeting organised earlier by FOWA,“ she said. NAN also reports that on Aug. 21, Tallen had donated 200 sanitary pads to FOWA during a virtual conference tagged ‘Maintaining Menstrual Hygiene during Pandemic’. The Director co-curricular Division, FCT Secondary Education Board, Mrs Fatima Babba, thanked the President of FOWA for her kind gesture and assured the association that the doors of the board were always open for collaborations. Mr Jafar Usman, Principal, GSS Karshi, thanked FOWA for the candid donation and assured that the sanitary pads, tissues and detergents would be adequately distributed among the students. An SSS III student of the school, Blessing Agu, expressed her profound gratitude to the association for sensitising the female students on menstrual hygiene and provision of sanitary pads. (NAN) By Polycarp Auta   Zawan    -    Miss Lovelyn Dabot, a final year student of the University of Jos, has donated sanitary pads to 100 students of Zawan Community Secondary School, Jos to mark her 27th birthday. Dabot, who studies Administration and Planning in the Faculty of Education, told the News… February 2, 2018 In "News" Akure - The Deji of Akure, Oba Aladetoyinbo Aladelusi, has called for the establishment of a Federal Government College for boys in Akure. Aladelusi made the call at an emergency meeting of the Parents Teachers Association of Federal Government Girls College (FGGC) in Akure on Monday. He commended the government… April 25, 2016 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse - The MUFRAH Foundation, a gender based NGO, has distributed sanitary pads to young girls and sweaters to children and babies in Kawaye village, Dutse Local Government Area of Jigawa. The Chairperson of the foundation, Ms Rahma Ahmad, made this known in an interview with… January 19, 2020 In "Metro"