Following her disgraceful exit from the Big Brother Naija Lockdown show, Erica Nlewedim has been ignored by the organisers and Ebuka Obi-Uchendu. Unlike the courtesy accorded evicted housemates who are introduced to the audience and taken on tours, the Abia-born actresswas not interviewed on Sunday. Recall that the organizers sent the actress packing, after she was issued a third strike. Before this weekend, Erica had two strikes. Biggie issued her the first for whispering and speaking in codes while communicating. She was given a second strike for sleeping in the HoH room until 3am with Kiddwaya. Then, on Sunday morning, she poured water on the HoH bed, to prevent her Deputy, Prince, from sleeping in it. This contravenes Biggie’s rules, which stipulates both Head of House and their deputies must sleep on the same bed for the week. After she was eventually disqualified, Erica was not allowed to make any remarks in a live interview with Ebuka, as it is with the show’s tradition. It is understood that the organizers will not allow her do official media rounds with sponsors. She becomes the fifth Big Brother Naija housemate to be disqualified in the history of the show, after Kemen, Khloe, Kbrule and Tacha. The very many fans of Big Brother Naija reality show have called for the disqualification of Erica over death threats against Laycon. Recall that Erica who already has two strikes from previous offenses threatened to kill Laycon outside the house. The Abia born stressed that she will make sure Laycon… September 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija Season 5 couple Kiddwaya and Erica may be causing trouble for themselves after bodyshaming Laycon. It happened that they talked bad about Laycon's stature. Recall that on Sunday, the duo were given strikes by Biggie. Erica received two strikes for whispering and staying at the Head Of House room… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate, Erica, has revealed what happens between her and Prince when they sleep in same bed as Head of House and Deputy Head of House. Due to Kiddwaya’s suspension from participating in the Head of House challenge, Erica was forced to pick Prince as her Deputy… September 5, 2020 In "Entertainment"