Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Laycon has finally spoken since the disqualification of his former love interest Erica. Recall that people blamed him for her disqualification, but he has taken himself out of it by saying, Erica caused it herself. Erica got disqualified on Sunday after Biggie gathered the housemates at the lounge and played videos of when she threatened to kill Laycon outside the house and hurled insults at him. Also, video of her pouring water on the Head of House (HoH) bed in order to stop Prince who is her deputy from sharing the lounge with her was highlighted. Reacting to her disqualification, Laycon in a conversation with Kiddwaya and Vee said he feels sorry for her, saying her actions were because she was drunk. When asked if he feels responsible for her eviction, Laycon said no, adding that she’s the architect of her predicament. Laycon said: “She was talking , all the things she said and action caused her eviction. “I felt she was drunk and said all those things.” The very many fans of Big Brother Naija reality show have called for the disqualification of Erica over death threats against Laycon. Recall that Erica who already has two strikes from previous offenses threatened to kill Laycon outside the house. The Abia born stressed that she will make sure Laycon… September 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija lockdown housemate, Erica has set her fellow housemate, Laycon straight after she told him that she is attracted to him mentally and physically attracted to her other housemate, Kiddwaya. Laycon and Kiddwaya have been fighting hard for Erica's attention since they got into the house. While Kiddwaya was the… August 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Following Erica's shameful exit from the BBNaija Lockdown house on Sunday evening September 6, a disappointed fan of the housemate has laid curses on Laycon. She could be seen in a video crying bitterly over the disqualification of her favorite housemate and blamed Laycon for it. The lady can be… September 7, 2020 In "News"