By Auwalu Yusuf -Birnin Kudu  Bauchi  – No fewer than five persons lost their lives to flood occasioned by a torrential rainfall in some communities in Warji Local Government Area of Bauchi state. Gov. Bala Mohammed who made this known in one of the affected communities in Dagu village on Thursday, said government was seriously disturbed by the loss of lives and property to the disaster. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that no fewer than 300 households, 2 000 animals and numerous farmlands were also affected by the flood. He warned residents of the affected communities to desist from erecting structures on water ways and drains to avoid being submerged by flood and consequent loss of lives. Mohammed said government had provided emergency relief materials, including 100 bags each of maize and millet as well as clothing materials and mats. He added, “we would provide additional relief after proper assessment of the extent of damaged.’’ He said his administration would soon begin the construction of spacious water ways and culverts in the affected communities to prevent the re-occurrence of the incident. In his remarks, the Director-General of the state Environmental Protection Agency, (BASEPA), Mr Lurwanu Kabir, said government had directed the agency to tour the 21 local government areas to assess possible threat to environments. “The tour will enable us to take proactive measures against such eventualities,” he said. (NAN) By Amen Gajira   Rafi    -     The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), on Tuesday distributed food items to no fewer than 67 households displaced by flood in Niger. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the agency presented the food items to the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) at Babban… December 11, 2018 In "News" Daura (Katsina State)  - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Monday in Daura, Katsina State, distributed relief materials to no fewer than 2,000 flood-disaster victims, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The NEMA Director-General, Mr Muhammad Sani-Sidi, who handed over the materials to the victims, said the flood… August 24, 2015 In "News" Awka   -     Mr Arinze Awogu, Chairman of Ogbaru Local Government Area of Anambra has directed the Enugu Electricity Distribution Company (EEDC) to cut supply to the flood prone area for fear of massive electrocution. Awogu told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka on Sunday that most electricity installations… September 16, 2018 In "News"