Mali’s military junta began talks with opposition groups on Saturday on its promise to hand power back to civilians, after mounting pressure from neighbouring countries in the weeks since it overthrew the nation’s leader. The West African country has long been plagued by instability, a simmering jihadist revolt, ethnic violence and endemic corruption, prompting a clique of rebel soldiers to detain president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita last month. They pledged to step down after a transition period, but the putsch has prompted Mali’s neighbours and former colonial ruler France to demand a swift transfer of power to civilian rule, with fears the crisis could impact neighbouring states. The talks in Bamako are being held under junta chief Assimi Goita but he was not present Saturday, a military source said. “Since August 18, we are charting a new history for our country,” junta number two Malick Diaw told the opening session. The summit was originally planned for last weekend but was called off at the last minute after a quarrel between the military and the June 5 Movement, which spearheaded the protests that led to the toppling of president Keita. The opposition coalition of civil and religious leaders has demanded that the military rulers give it a role in the transition to civilian rule, but was not invited for the transition talks last Saturday. It was then included for the rescheduled talks, along with political parties, former rebels, unions, civil society organisations and media representatives. However, a mostly Tuareg coalition of armed rebel groups known as the Coordination of Movements of Azawad (CMA) was not present on Saturday. The National Committee for the Salvation of the People (CNSP), as the junta is known, said parallel talks were taking place in regional capitals, led by regional governors. But in Kidal, a northeastern city controlled by the CMA, “consultations were postponed for lack of compromise between the CNSP and the CMA,” an administrative official told AFP. The CMA, which signed a peace accord with Keita’s government in 2015, said in a statement that it expected “the implementation of the agreement resulting from the Algiers process with the previous government to remain in force”. The 2015 peace deal was meant to disarm rebel groups and integrate them into the national army, but its implementation has dragged on for years despite international pressure. Saturday saw two French soldiers with the anti-jihadist Barkhane force in Mali killed in Tessalit province north of Kidal when their armoured vehicle hit an improvised explosive device, the French presidency said. The deaths brought to 45 the number of French soldiers who have died serving in the Sahel region since 2013.The CNSP said members of the Malian diaspora would also have their say in this weekend’s talks. One of the key issues will be the length of the transition to civilian rule. Originally the junta proposed a three-year transition, before bringing that down to two years. The June 5 Movement has said it wants a transition period of 18 to 24 months. The 15-nation Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) regional bloc, which has imposed sanctions and closed borders to Mali as part of efforts to press the junta into handing over power quickly, has called for elections within 12 months. West African leaders will meet via videoconference on Monday with the Mali situation at the top of their agenda. Keita, under house arrest in Bamako, is preparing to leave Mali after being treated at a hospital this week for a mini-stroke, sources told AFP. He may head to the United Arab Emirates for further treatment, they said. AFP Dakar -  An al-Qaeda-linked Islamist group in Mali on Monday claimed responsibility for an attack on French troops in the northern town of Gao on Sunday, the U.S. SITE monitoring group said. The Nusrat al-Islam wal Muslimeen group said that the attack, which killed four civilians and wounded four French… July 2, 2018 In "Foreign" BAMAKO   -    An attack on a military patrol in northern Mali on Sunday killed four civilians and wounded 31 others, including four French soldiers, Mali’s government and the French army said. The ambush, which involved a car bomb explosion followed by gunfire, took place two days after Islamist militants… July 2, 2018 In "Foreign" Mali President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita resigned on Tuesday and dissolved parliament hours after mutinying soldiers detained him at gunpoint, plunging a country already facing a jihadist insurgency and mass protests deeper into crisis. Looking tired and wearing a surgical mask, Keita resigned in a brief address broadcast on state television… August 19, 2020 In "Foreign"