Lagos government has suspended the Executive Secretary of the State Film and Video Censors Board, Bamidele Balogun, for imposing a five percent tax on digital platforms including Netflix and Iroko TV. Balogun’s suspension was handed down by Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, according to a statement released by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Gbenga Omotosho. In the statement, the government denied levying the tax explaining that the embattled Executive Security acted alone without its authorization. It reads in part: “There is no levy on audio and visual contents of all physical and digital platforms in Lagos State. The Executive Secretary, Lagos State Film and Video Censors Board, Mr. Bamidele Balogun, is said to have announced a five percent levy. “The government hereby dissociates itself from the said announcement in the media. The Executive Secretary, who was not authorised to make such an announcement, has been suspended, pending an administrative enquiry.” The Nation By Millicent Lagos - The Lagos State Film and Video Censors Board (LSFVCB) has said that registration by content owners would help to effectively track and generate revenue for entertainers.Mr Dele Balogun, LSFVCB Executive Secretary, told a stakeholders’ meeting on Friday in Lagos that there was need to enlighten the… August 21, 2020 In "News" By Joshua Olomu   Durban (South Africa)   -   Stakeholders in the creative industry across Africa have rated high the Nigerian motion picture industry popularly known as Nollywood. Government agencies and industry players extolled Nollywood in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)  at the prestigious  Durban International Film Festival… July 27, 2018 In "Entertainment" By Kazeem Akande Lagos - The Lagos State Film and Video Censors Board (LSFVCB) has assured stakeholders in the entertainment industry that the planned registration of contents will serve their interests and those of the industry. LSFVCB gave the assurance in a statement by its Head of Public Affairs, Mrs… August 15, 2020 In "Entertainment"