Pope Francis on Sunday, September 6, described gossiping as “a plague worse than Covid” which is seeking to divide the Catholic Church. Pope Francis didn’t give specifics during his weekly blessing, but went on at some length to say the devil is the “biggest gossiper” who is seeking to divide the church with his lies. “Please brothers and sisters, let’s try to not gossip,” he said. “Gossip is a plague worse than COVID. Worse. Let’s make a big effort: No gossiping!” Pope Francis’ comments came as he elaborated on a Gospel passage about the need to correct others privately when they do something wrong. The Catholic hierarchy has long relied on this “fraternal correction” among priests and bishops to correct them when they err without airing problems in public. Survivors of sexual abuse have said this form of private reprimand has allowed abuse to fester in the church and let both predator priests and superiors who covered up for them escape punishment. Source VATICAN CITY — On a sunny morning earlier this year, a camera crew entered a well-appointed apartment just outside the 9th-century gates of Vatican City. Pristinely dressed in the black robes and scarlet sash of the princes of the Roman Catholic Church, Wisconsin-born Cardinal Raymond Burke sat in his elaborately… September 8, 2015 In "Foreign" Tallinn -   Pope Francis on Tuesday warned, that nations should not measure their strength by their military capability to prevail over others. “Some people speak in a loud voice, full of self-assurance with no doubts or hesitation. Others shout and hurl threats about using weapons, deploying troops and implementing… September 25, 2018 In "Foreign" Pope Francis came under fire on Friday after accepting the de facto resignation of a British cardinal disgraced in a sex scandal without any follow-up on the allegations against him. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] A statement from the Vatican said Francis had accepted British former archbishop Keith O’Brien’s resignation of the rights… March 20, 2015 In "Foreign"