According to a report by SaharaReporters, two policemen have died while others were left injured in a auto accident involving the convoy of former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, along the Benin bye-pass in Benin, Edo State. SaharaReporters gathered that a truck rammed into the middle of the convoy while the former Edo State governor was going to a political rally in Usen, Ovia South-East Local Government Area. A source close to Oshiomhole said he escaped by the whiskers. Governorship candidate of the APC in the state, Osagie Ize-Iyamu, described the accident as a plot to kill the former governor. Iyamu in a statement also suspended all his campaign activities. He said, “I wish to send my deepest sympathies to families, friends, and all who knew the two exceptional policemen we lost today in the tragic and disturbing crash involving the convoy of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole travelling with other leaders to a campaign event in Usen, Ovia South East LGA. “We have since called off all campaign events scheduled for today and joined efforts with Comrade Adams Oshiomhole to ensure the best care for injured persons “The circumstances of the crash were indeed curious and have left us deeply concerned, as the truck responsible for the crash, according to witness accounts of those in the convoy and other road users, appeared to have deliberately rammed into the convoy. “While awaiting the conclusion of the investigation of the police in response to our petition, I urge our party followers across the state to remain calm and alert. May God rest the dead, amen.” Source Former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Comrade Adams Oshiomhole on Tuesday escaped death by the whisker in a convoy accident. It was learnt the incident occurred around 12noon at Benin-Lagos bypass before Oluku junction when Oshiomhole was on his way to Usen in Ovia local government of… September 1, 2020 In "News" Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics" Security operatives on Saturday barred protesting youths from getting close to the convoy of National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. Oshiomhole was in Benin to attend burial ceremony of mother of Hon Ehiozuwa Agbonyinma, late Cecilia Agbonyinma. Heavily armed security personnel were mobilised to the Benin… February 22, 2020 In "Politics"