By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan  -A Customary Court in Mapo ares of Ibadan, on Wednesday adjourned indefinitely hearing in a divorce suit filed by a man, Gafar Ololeke, seeking the dissolution of his 14-year-old marriage to wife, Nafisat. Chief Ademola Odunade, the President of the Court, adjourned the matter in order for the couple’s child to get the required treatment. Odunade blamed the petitioner for abandoning the child and the wife. Ololeke petitioned the court alleging that that his wife had tarnished his father’s name in public. “My lord, I am fed-up with the way and manner Nafisat has wrongly dragged my family’s name and reputation in the mud, accusing me of using our baby’s placenta for a charm. “She called-into a radio station in Ibadan and mentioned some of my other relatives in the matter. “That radio presenter invited me and I told him that I knew nothing about the missing placenta. “I was away in Ile-Ife, my place of work as usual when Nafisat gave birth to the child in question and I only spoke with her for about five minutes while in the hospital before returning home. “She lied that she handed the placenta to a friend of mine and she has failed to identify the person,” he said. In her response, Nafisat, prayed the court to dismiss her husband‘s claims because she still loves him. ”I made a call to the station but I did not tarnish his family. I only appealed to the presenter to help me intervene in the problem by assisting me to take of the sick child. “Since the placenta got missing five years ago, my baby has not developed well. My baby has challenged development and can neither talk nor walk. “My husband has not supported me or help me get treatment for the baby,” Nafisat alleged. (NAN) By Olawale Akinremi     Ibadan    -      Chief Ademola Odunade, president of a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan on Thursday dissolved a four-year-old marriage between one Alfa Bashir Yekeen and his wife, Mariam, over alleged adultery, disobedience and distrust. Odunade, who was visibly angry at the level of confusion caused… November 1, 2018 In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi   Ibadan   -    Olatunde Akintunde, an Ibadan-based computer operator, on Tuesday consented to the divorce suit filed by his wife, Dasola, alleging that she was a burglar. In his counter argument in the case, Olatunde stated that his wife broke into his shop to steal computer sets,… August 7, 2018 In "Metro" Ibadan - A middle-aged woman, Latifat Adeleke, has asked a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan, to dissolve her marriage with Adetola Adeleke, over alleged sexual starvation. Latifat, a trader and mother of two, on Wednesday asked the court to end the nine-year-old marriage after declaring that she was ``totally fed… December 30, 2015 In "News"