Riyadh  -Saudi Arabia’s King Salman issued a royal decree on Tuesday to remove the commander in charge of allied forces fighting in Yemen and start a corruption probe, the Saudi Press Agency (SPA) said. Lt.-Gen. Fahad bin Turki bin Abdulaziz, Commander of the Joint Forces in the Saudi-led war in Yemen against the Iranian-allied Houthi rebels, was retired and recommended for investigation,’’ SPA reported, citing the decree. His son, Prince Abdulaziz bin Fahad bin Turki bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, Deputy Governor of Al-Jouf Region, has also been relieved from his post and referred for investigation. The decision was based on a referral from the Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to conduct an investigation regarding “suspicious financial dealings monitored at the Ministry of Defence,’’ according to the decree. The anti-corruption authority, Nazaha, disclosed “financial corruption” at the ministry linked to the father and son, the decree added. It added that four other military officials were also placed under investigation. It was unclear if those mentioned in the decree had already been detained. “Nazaha shall complete the investigation procedures with all relevant military and civil officials, take the necessary legal measures against them and submit the outcomes,’’ the decree added. Yemen has been in the grip of a power struggle between the Saudi-backed government and Iran-linked Houthi rebels since late 2014. (dpa/NAN) •Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Crown Prince It’s hard to imagine that the impulsive action of a certain thirty-something-year-old living close by the rolling sand dunes of the Rub' al Khali desert, could impact my state government’s ability to pay her bills. Yet that’s the reality of the interconnected world we… May 29, 2020 In "Opinion" Riyadh (AFP) - They are angry and grief-stricken, but Saudi Arabia's minority Shiites refused on Sunday to be provoked by a deadly mosque bombing that authorities called an attempt to promote sectarian strife. King Salman vowed punishment for anyone linked to the "heinous crime," which killed 21 people. The interior… May 24, 2015 In "Foreign" Saudi   -   Saudi Arabia’s King Salman has appointed his son, Mohammed bin Salman, as heir to the throne of the home of Islam’s holiest sites. In a royal decree, the former Crown Prince, Mohammed bin Nayef, a 57-year-old nephew of the king, was removed as next-in-line to the throne. He… June 21, 2017 In "Top Stories"