By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja  – A former member of the House of Representatives, Rep. Sunday Karimi, has eulogised President Muhammadu Buhari for the courage to remove subsidy from Premium Motor Spirit (PMS). In a statement on Thursday in Abuja, Karimi urged Buhari to invest the gains from subsidy removal and the deregulation of the downstream sector in fixing the nation’s infrastructure to improve the welfare of citizens. The former lawmaker, who represented Yagba Federal Constituency of Kogi, under the banner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said that former presidents lacked the courage to deregulate the oil sector. “The removal of subsidy on PMS and a total deregulation of the downstream sector is a smart move by President Buhari. “Governments since 1999 have been paying lip service to deregulation of the petroleum industry “One of the major draining pipes and sources of wastage and corruption in government finances is the high subsidy being paid by government for the pump prices of petrol for ages. “The effect of the subsidy doesn’t reflect positively on common man on the street. “President Buhari with his long term experience in the industry took a right decision. “Previous administrations since 1999 demonstrated lack of political will to save the nation from this unnecessary wastage under the guise of subsidy. “Most of our neighbouring countries enjoyed greatly from the subsidy as the products were being taken out fraudulently and sold to them at a bit higher rate. “A few Nigerians will expect that a president from the North will remove subsidy from petrol; only a courageous leader like Buhari can do that. “The decision by President Buhari to totally deregulate the sector is a decision taken in the right direction for the good of the country,” he said. Karimi, who is now a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), urged Nigerians irrespective of their political or religious beliefs to rally support for Buhari to implement the new non-subsidy regime. He said that the subsidy removal was for the betterment of the country and in line with Buhari’s promise to take the country to the next level. (NAN)