Some candidates in the ongoing police recruitment exercise from Ogbadibo in Benue state were reportedly treated like common criminals at the screening venue in Makurdi on Thursday, according to a report by Idoma Voice. It was gathered that some of the candidates accused officers handling the screening exercise of flogging and tear-gassing them before chasing them out of the venue without any tangible reason. One of the applicants, who came all the way from Lagos for the exercise, said he has been sleeping outside since he arrived Makurdi because there was nowhere for him to stay. “I came all the way from Lagos for the exercise. I don’t have anybody here. I have been sleeping in front of a shop at Demekpe since I came into this town. All the many I came with has finished. Now, they have canceled our screening for just no reason. I don’t know where to go from here. This is wickedness,” he lamented. Another applicant from Owukpa said he nearly passed out when policemen opened tear-gas on them. “I nearly died because the tear-gas. They treated us like common criminals for no reason. I am going back home now, I am fed up with the whole process. I have lost interest,” he said. Also speaking, a female applicant from Orokam said she left Abuja since last because of the exercise but she is going back with any result. “This is sad. Anyway, life goes on,” she told IDOMA VOICE. WATCH VIDEO BELOW: Source The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, on Tuesday said the statutory entry requirements into the Nigeria Police Force remain sacrosanct and would be thoroughly followed in the ongoing Police recruitment screening exercise. A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba, in Abuja said IGP’s reassurance became… August 25, 2020 In "News" By Moses Omorogieva/Mateen Badru Lagos -  No fewer than 1,113 applicants began screening in Lagos State on Monday for recruitment into the Nigeria Police Force. About 6,000 applicants were shortlisted for the exercise nationwide. The Presiding Officer for the screening, ACP Okon Otoyo, gave the figure at the Police College,… May 7, 2018 In "Metro" ABUJA - The Police Service Commission (PSC) on Thursday said it shortlisted 338,227 applicants out of the 911,438 that applied for recruitment into the Nigeria Police Force. The Chairman of the Commission, Mr Mike Okiro, who disclosed this at a news conference in Abuja, said screening of successful applicants would… June 3, 2016 In "Metro"