By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Governor of Edo state and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, on Saturday, said the sacked national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comr. Adams Oshiomhole, has no regard for Benin people, adding that the former governor likens Benin people’s attitude to money the way chickens run after corn thrown at them. Obaseki, who said this during his reelection campaign rally in Ogbe wards 1 and 2, in Oredo Local Government Area (LGA), noted that “This election is not a contest between my brother Osagie Ize-Iyamu and I, but between Oshiomhole and me. We have dealt with him at the national level and will bury him politically in this election.” The governor’s reelection also got a major boost as 1, 000 tricycle riders from Ogbe Community in Oredo LGA endorsed the governor for a second term, promising to mobilise other voters across the state to ensure the governor’s victory at the poll. Declaring their support through their Chairman, Mr. Aiworo Austin, the riders assured that all the tricycle riders in the state will vote massively for the PDP. According to Obaseki, “The sacked APC national chairman has no regard for Benin people; he can’t dictate to the majority; he has no regards for us in Oredo. Benin people are not like chickens that run after corn thrown at them and will render the former national chairman politically irrelevant for disrespecting Benin people. “Our place in the scheme of things is not negotiable with somebody who does not have a pedigree, who does not have the qualification to determine the political direction in Edo. Oshiomhole cannot determine who governs the state for the majority of the Benin people. “Oredo Local Government Area has been taken for granted for some years now. One of the things that caused our quarrel was that Oshiomhole wanted to choose who will represent me, the governor, in the state and national assemblies. Can you imagine that? “Can you imagine the insult? That was when this fight started, because he believed in his mind that Benin people are like chickens that run after a thrown corn. “Not all of us are cheap; not all of us are looking for money desperately. This election is about the future of young people in Edo; this election is to tell people that politics is not a dirty game. It is only dirty when dirty people play it. “I know I will win the election. We have almost 50 thousand registered voters in Oredo. I want us to win with a very large margin that will shock the opposition. When Oshiomhole sees that we won with a large margin, he will not have the courage to talk again in Edo. By Joy Odigie   Benin   -     Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo has implored residents of Oredo Local Government Area (LGA) of the state to vote en mass for the All Progressives Congress (APC) during the forthcoming elections. Obaseki, who made appeal on Thursday said that voting for the APC would… January 4, 2019 In "News" Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics"