Popular Port-Harcourt based beautician, Sally Onome Okunzuwa has been reported dead and is suspected to have died from carbon-monoxide poisoning. According to close sources, she allegedly lit up charcoal in the room to keep her warm in the night but was discovered dead in the morning. Explanations are that she must have inhaled carbon monoxide while sleeping which eventually resulted in her death. Confirming the sad news, her business page wrote on Instagram; “It is with deepest regret we bring to your knowledge the sudden demise of our beloved daughter, sister and boss Sally Onome Okunzuwa CEO SALLY SIGNATURE SALOON AND SPA. Who left this world to a better place On the 23rd of August 2020 due to Carbon monoxide poisoning. The sally signature brand will like to use this medium to appreciate you all for your prayers and support. Her brand was built on hard work, sweat, consistency and God. Please be assured that we are here to serve you bigger and better in honor of sally onome okunzuwa, thereby ensuring that her brand sally signature lives on as sally would have wanted it. She was an inspiration , a hard working lady and a beauty. her goal is to ensure every woman attains the beauty they desire and that still stands . we look forward to reopening on the 5th of September 2020. Signed : management” Source Mexico City   -     Smoking harms organs throughout human body, not just lungs as such related diseases as emphysema and lung cancer are among the leading causes of death among smokers, medical expert Maria Ocampo said. The coordinator of the Clinic Against Tobacco and Other Addictive Substances at the General Hospital… June 1, 2018 In "Health" By Itohan Abara-Laserian   Lagos   -      Prof. Gloria Elemo, Director-General, Federal Institute of Industrial Research, Oshodi (FIIRO) has said that felling trees as firewood for energy was causing more harm to the environment. The FIIRO chief made the assertion at the “Friends of The Environment (FOTE)’’ stakeholders’… March 28, 2018 In "News" By Carol V. Utulu Asaba - The Police Command in Delta has confirmed recovery of the bodies of four persons found dead in an apartment in Asaba on July 23.Mr Hafiz Inuwa, Delta Commissioner of Police, confirmed the tragic development to journalists on Friday in Asaba.Inuwa said that the corpses… July 31, 2020 In "News"