A mother that has fallen in love and is now dating her 19-year-old son, Carlos has begged people to allow her spend the rest of her life with her son. She spoke following backlash after their relationship went public. She said at first, when she noticed she was in love with her son, she called him on a particular day and expressed her feelings for him. “I’m sorry I don’t know how you’re gonna react to this. I’m your mom and you’re my son and I’m in love”, she told her son. Her son, in his response said; “I was scared to tell you but I am too”. She said they have both accepted the fact that they can’t do without each other because they are in love, and she doesn’t feel weird about it because he is the best thing that has ever happened to her. She said they have been attacked, even stabbed since their relationship went public. Watch video below: Mom Who Is Dating Her 19-Year-Old Son, Carlos Speaks. A mother who is dating her 19-year-old son identified as Carlos has spoken up about her situation and the backlashes she has been facing after falling in love with him. She said she developed serious feelings for her son and when she told him about it, he confessed that he feels the same way about her too. According to her, her son is the best thing that ever happened to her, and she really wants to be with him for the rest of her life.  However, they have been heavily criticized, humiliated, and beaten up by people who see the situation as absurd and totally wrong. . . Follow @mediagist for more exclusive updates. A post shared by @ mediagist on Sep 7, 2020 at 3:45am PDT Source There was confusion on Saturday at the Great Salvation Christian Centre, aka Father’s Church, on Ako Aro Road, in the Ifako-Ijaiye area of Lagos State, after a man, Iberemu Osadebe, disrupted an ongoing wedding in the church. He claimed that the bride, Gloria, was his wife. PUNCH Metro gathered that… September 1, 2020 In "Metro" Mother snatches daughter’s husband, gets pregnant for him By The Eagle Online- January 23, 2020 A 34-year-old woman has narrated how her mother started having an affair with her husband and eventually got pregnant for him. The 34-year-old lady, identified as Lauren Wall, who hails from Twickenham, south-west London, reportedly… January 23, 2020 In "Metro" The Senior Pastor of Trinity House, Ituah Ighodalo, speaks to MOBOLA SADIQ on the life and times of his late wife, Ibidunni Since the death of your wife, you have displayed a great level of strength. What has been your motivation? It has always been God and a refusal to… August 9, 2020 In "News"