By Nathan Nwakamma  Yenagoa  – An early morning inferno on Sunday at the Bayelsa Mechanic Village destroyed eight parked vehicles and 10 shops, News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. It was gathered that the fire incident started at about 3.00 am on Sunday but was put out by men of the fire service who responded to a distress call. Mr Denis Ekiyor who resides at Imiringi road, off Tombia roundabout told NAN on Monday that the timely intervention of firemen prevented the fire from escalating. “The fire incident was nipped early enough; the fire service battled to contain it and 10 shops were affected, some cars parked were also burnt and there are 10 of them. “There was nobody there when the fire started, so it did not affect any human life,” Ekiyor stated. Mr Mike Okoli, Commissioner of Police in Bayelsa told NAN in a telephone interview that investigation was underway. Okoli said he had visited the scene and assured the victims and traders that the Police would ensure security of their property while investigation continued. “The Deputy Governor of the state was also there earlier to show concern, empathy and support to the victims”, he said. (NAN) Lagos - Three children of the same parents were killed in an early morning inferno on Friday ravaged a community in Isolo area of Lagos. The Director, Lagos State Fire Services, Mr Rasak Fadipe, said in Lagos that three children, all females, were aged five, seven and 12. Fadipe, who… July 31, 2015 In "News" Lagos -  No fewer than 40 lock-up shops with different auto spare parts worth millions of naira were, on Wednesday morning, destroyed by early morning fire at the Ladipo Auto-Market in Mushin, Lagos State. The Director, Lagos State Fire Service, Mr Rasak Fadipe, who confirmed this to the News Agency… May 18, 2016 In "News" Malumfashi (Katsina State) -A truck loaded with diesel on Tuesday crashed and exploded into flames and burnt vehicles and buildings in Malumfashi Local Government Area of Katsina State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that many houses and cars were burnt as the truck caught fire at the Kafur… January 5, 2016 In "News"