By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos  -The All Progressives Congress (APC) has declared Saheed Obafemi as its candidate for the forthcoming Kosofe Constituency 11 bye-election into Lagos State House of Assembly. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Abubakar Masari, representative of APC National Working Committee, announced Obafemi’s candidacy after the primaries at Kosofe Local Government Secretariat, Lagos on Thursday. “I, Abubakar Masari, having certified the process through election and was unopposed, and having won from the wards. “Saheed Obafemi, being the only APC aspirant, has polled 34,012 votes. “I hereby declare Saheed Obafemi winner and returned elected,” he said. NAN reports that late Tunde Braimoh, until his death, was a member representing Kosofe Constituency II at the Lagos House of Assembly. Braimoh died on July 10, at the age of 60, after a brief illness. The deceased was the Chairman, Committee on Information, Strategy and Security of the House. Speaking on his victory, Obafemi, who was the APC Lagos State Assistant Secretary, urged the electorate to come out en masse to vote for him. “I have the capacity, understanding and rudiments in solving the challenges of Kosofe Constituency 11. “I will serve the interest of the electorate if voted into power and advocate for better health and environmental challenges, among others,” he said. (NAN) By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Lagos State, on Monday notified electorate of its readiness to conduct both the Lagos East Senatorial District and Kosofe State House of Assembly Constituency bye-elections on Oct. 31. The INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner, Mr Sam Olumekun made this known… August 17, 2020 In "Politics" The Lagos State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has confirmed that a former Commissioner for Finance in the state, Tokunbo Abiru, is the party’s consensus candidate for the forthcoming Lagos East Senatorial bye-election. The party’s state Assistant Publicity Secretary, Abiodun Salami, gave the confirmation in an interview with… August 29, 2020 In "Politics" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos -  Mr Mudashiru Obasa, Speaker of the Lagos State House of Assembly, on Sunday said that the Assembly would serve as a watchdog to Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu to deliver campaign promises. Obasa spoke at Agege Victory Party he organised to celebrate his fifth re-election to the… July 21, 2019 In "News"