Senators Tuesday vowed to reject a proposed Water Resources Bill when it is presented to the Senate. The Bill which has already scaled first reading in the House of Representatives has continued to generate controversy. There are however indications that the Bill would likely be presented to the Senate on resumption from their current break on September 15. Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, told reporters in Abuja that even though the Bill is yet to surface on the floor of the Senate, it would not be allowed to see the light of day when it is eventually presented. “We have not seen it in the Senate. When it comes we will reject as before,” Abaribe said in a terse text message in reply to an enquiry on the Bill by a reporter in Abuja. On her part, Senator Biodun Olujimi, said Senators would not support any Bill that may be injurious to Nigerians. Olujimi told reporters during an interview in Abuja that Senators would stand up against any legislation capable of disrupting the fragile peace in the country. She said: “The truth is that I am not aware of that Bill at all. However, anything that will injure our people, some of us will never be part of it. “We will speak up against it when the time comes because nobody would be allowed to injure our people. “We will not allow any legislation to ruin the fragile peace that we have in this country. “We will not allow our fragile peace to be destroyed as a result of any political, personal or ethno-religious reasons. “We won’t allow it because we are one entity and we must fight for the people of Nigeria. “The Bill which is currently being treated at the House of Representatives would require the concurrence of the Senate and when the time comes, we won’t let it just fly like that.” The Nation ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate, on Tuesday, denied the 'mysterious' passage of a Grazing Reserved Commission Bill through the Second Reading by the 8th Senate. This was sequel to the alarm raised by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Information, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, who questioned the authenticity of the speculation in… April 19, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – South East caucus at the red chamber has hailed the senate for the passage of SouthEast Development Commission Bill. Addressing newsmen shortly after plenary, members of the South East Caucus of the Senate, led by Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, PDP-Abia South, thanked their colleagues… December 12, 2018 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The drama surrounding the 'missing 2016 Budget of Change' reached the climax on Thursday when the Senate declared that a fake copy of the budget was smuggled into the National Assembly by the Presidency. But the Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to the President on National Assembly… January 14, 2016 In "Top Stories"