A 25-year-old woman, Onyinye Chime, has allegedly killed her lover, Eleyi Azubuike, in Anambra State, for asking her to abort her pregnancy. The incident happened on Ochiagha Street, Nkpor, near Onitsha, in the Idemili Local Government Area of the state. PUNCH Metro gathered that the deceased had advised Chime to abort the pregnancy, which she objected to. A source told our correspondent that 29-year-old Azubuike also declined to give her money for upkeep. “Onyinye was not comfortable with all these. So, she complained to people about it; but we didn’t know she would act this way. She went to the extreme,” the source added. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Haruna Mohammed, confirmed the incident. He said, “There was a report of alleged murder of one Eleyi Azubuike, 29, of Ochiagha Street, Nkpor, in the Idemili North LGA of Anambra State by his girlfriend one Onyinye, 25, of same Ochiagha Street, Nkpor, inside his room. “Police detectives attached to Ogidi division visited the scene and rushed the victim, who was found in a pool of blood, to Iyi Enu Mission Hospital, Ogidi, for medical attention, where he was certified dead by a medical doctor. The corpse was deposited at the hospital’s mortuary for an autopsy. “A careful observation of the deceased’s body revealed stab wounds on his chest, while a bloodstained kitchen knife was recovered as an exhibit at the scene. “Preliminary investigation revealed that the deceased allegedly impregnated the suspect and wanted an abortion, which she declined and demanded some money for her upkeep, which the deceased refused to oblige. “That eventually led to a scuffle which resulted in the man being stabbed to death.” The PPRO said the case was under investigation to unravel other circumstances surrounding the incident. (Punch) A 20-year-old woman in Anambra State on Thursday attempted to kill herself after discovering that her boyfriend is a married man. The identity of the woman has been given as Oluchi Akabilo from Obosi in the Idemili North Local Government Area of the state, allegedly took a liquid substance suspected… March 20, 2020 In "News" Sunday Ngwu, a 41-year-old man, has been arrested by Anambra State police command for allegedly killing his wife, Amara, on Ikwo Street, Ibollo, Awada, in Idemili North Local Government Area of the state. The suspect who hails from Nkanu LGA of Enugu State, allegedly killed his 39- year-old wife after… June 11, 2019 In "Metro" A Nigerian woman arrested for assaulting and locking a 10-year-old boy inside dog cage has confessed why she did it.  .A 24-year-old lady, Onyinye Mbadike, who was arrested by the Lagos state police command over the viral video showing her assaulting and locking a 10-year-old boy, Chibike Eziamaka, in a… August 15, 2019 In "Entertainment"