By Okon Okon  Abuja  -President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Mr Ibrahim Mairiga as the Executive Secretary, Federal Government Staff Housing Loans Board (FGSHLB). Folasade Yemi-Esan, Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HOCSF), made this known in a statement by Mrs Olawunmi Ogunmosunle, Director Information, Office of the HOCSF on Friday in Abuja. According Yemi-Esan, the appointment took effect from July 24 for a term of four years in the first instance. She stated that the new appointment called for dedication, hardwork and commitment for the realisation of the mandate of the board. Yemi-Esan advised Mairiga to bring his wealth of experience and knowledge to bear on the task ahead. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mairiga from Gombe State, holds Master’s Bachelor’s Degrees in History obtained from University of Maiduguri and Bayero University, Kano, respectively. He has attended many professional courses within and outside Nigeria. Before his current appointment, Mairiga was Director, Employment Mobility and was overseeing the office of the Permanent Secretary, Career Management, Office of the HOCSF. (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday administered the oath of office on Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan as the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HOCSF) . News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the swearing-in of the Head of Service, which was witnessed by the… March 4, 2020 In "Politics" By Okon Okon Abuja - Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan, Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HOCSF), says the Annual Performance Evaluation Report (APER), would be replaced with a new Performance Management System (PMS) in the civil service. Yemi-Esan stated this in a statement signed by Mrs Olawunmi Ogunmosunle, Director… March 10, 2020 In "News" By Okon Okon Abuja - Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan, Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HOCSF), has tasked permanent secretaries on the need to foster mutual confidence amongst themselves to address the daunting challenges of national development.Yemi-Esan made the call during the opening ceremony of an induction workshop for… July 27, 2020 In "News"