By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  -President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated former Chairman of Nestle Nigeria Plc, Chief Olusegun Osunkeye, on his 80th birthday, Sept. 7, 2020. In a congratulatory message by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Sunday Buhari joined family, friends and professional colleagues to celebrate with ”the outstanding manager, administrator and board room guru.” The president noted with delight that Osunkeye had left an indelible mark on the corporate world. He, therefore, felicitated with Osunkeye on the auspicious occasion of reflections and thanksgiving, heralded by years of service to the nation and humanity. He also noted that Osunkeye’s contributions to humanity had continue to attract multiple recognitions at home and abroad, including Award for Excellence in Christian Stewardship as Benevolent Partner by Church of Nigeria Anglican Communion. He notesd with appreciation, choices made by the astute administrator to favour Nigeria on investments and encouragement of local content. He said, these had led to huge expansions in agriculture, and creation of employment for a large number of people as Chief Executive Officer of Nestle Nigeria Plc; Chairman, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Nigeria; Chairman,Lafarge Plc; Chairman, International Chamber of Commerce Nigeria and President Society for Corporate Governance, Nigeria. According to him, Osunkeye’s contributions to development of education in Nigeria, and efforts to improve the pharmaceutical and medical institutions in the country will continue to stand out. The president particularly lauded Osunkeye for his focus on giving opportunities to the poor and underprivileged. He prayed that the almighty God would continue to bless the former Chairman of Nestle with longer life and good health to keep serving the nation. (NAN) LAGOS - Shareholders of Lafarge Africa Plc have approved N15.86 billion recommended by the company’s board of directors for the 2014 financial year. The shareholders gave the approval at the company's 56th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held in Lagos on Friday. The dividend translated to N3.60 per share compared with… May 22, 2015 In "Business" Ilorin- Alhaji Abdulsalam Imam, a cleric, on Monday urged Nigerian leaders to be dedicated and honest when called upon to serve in any capacity. lmam made the call in Ilorin while delivering a sermon at a reception to mark the 80th birthday of a National Commissioner of lNEC, Dr Abdulkadir… August 3, 2015 In "News" By Oluwafunke Ishola     Lagos    -    Amb. Stuart Symington, U.S Ambassador to Nigeria, says there is need to diversify Nigeria’s economy toward pursuing deeper growth and development. Symington made the remarks at the Nigerian-American Chamber of Commerce (NACC) Annual Dinner and Inauguration of Otunba Oluwatoyin Akomolafe as NACC’s 18th… December 17, 2018 In "Foreign"