It seems fans would have to wait longer for the next Batman movie, after filming was suspended due to lead actor Robert Pattinson testing positive to COVID-19. Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered coronavirus. Most people who fall sick with COVID-19 will experience mild to moderate symptoms and recover without special treatment. Warner Bros has confirmed that filming has been suspended for the second time running after a member of the production team tested positive to COVID-19. Filming for The Batman has been suspended again, days after it resumed following the coronavirus lockdown. Filming began in Glasgow earlier this year but was halted due to the pandemic, and now it has been halted again. A spokeswoman for the studios said; “A member of The Batman production has tested positive for Covid-19, and is isolating in accordance with established protocols. Filming is temporarily paused.” According to Vanity Fair, the member of the production team to have tested positive is British actor Robert Pattinson, who caught the virus days after shooting resumed near London, after a six-month delay to filming. The Batman was initially due for release in June 2021 but has been delayed to October 2021. In the latest film, directed by Matt Reeves, Twilight star Pattinson follows in the footsteps of Christian Bale, Ben Affleck, Michael Keaton and George Clooney in playing the Gotham City superhero. Pattinson, who also co-stars in the current cinema hit Tenet, has not commented on the reports. Source As the coronavirus pandemic spreads globally, claiming thousands of lives, notable names are among those taken by the deadly virus. Read more about them ahead. For more information on lives that were lost to the COVID-19 and the latest updates on confirmed cases in the U.S., expert health advice and… April 1, 2020 In "News" Some private hospitals, which shut down operations after some of their staff members became exposed to coronavirus patients, have given details of how carriers of the deadly virus came to their facilities. Findings by SUNDAY PUNCH revealed that the affected hospitals had suspended operations to decontaminate their facilities and adhere… April 26, 2020 In "Health" National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has confirmed that his Chief Security Officer, Lateef Raheem died of Coronavirus (covid-19).Consequently, both Mr. Tinubu and his wife Senator Oluremi, sequel to the advice of the @NCDCgov, got tested and results were returned negative.A statement by Tunde Rahman,… April 27, 2020 In "News"