Buhari By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  PresidentMuhammadu Buhari will Monday depart Nigeria for Niger Republic in company of ministers and other top government officials. President Buhari will be traveling to participate in the 57th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. Garba Shehu, Buhari’s Spokesman disclosed this in a statement made available on Sunday. Buhari is expected to participate in a “one-day summit will deliberate on the Special Report on COVID-19 to be presented by President Buhari who was appointed the ECOWAS Champion on the Fight against COVID-19 during the Extraordinary Virtual Summit of ECOWAS on April 23, 2020. “As a Champion, the Nigerian leader was expected to coordinate the sub-regional response against the pandemic. In furtherance of that objective, under the supervision of the Champion, Nigerian Ministers of Health, Aviation and Finance were appointed Chairpersons of the Ministerial Coordination Committees on Health; Transport, Logistics and Trade; and Finance respectively.” The increasing rate of terrorism, armed banditry and the democratic process by the military in Mali, will also be discussed at the submit. “At the submit, a Special Report will be received on the ECOWAS Single Currency Programme to be presented by President Julius Maada Bio of Sierra Leone and Chair of the Authority of Heads of State and Government of the West African Monetary Zone (WAMZ), and President Alassane Ouattara, who is Chair of the West African Economic Monetary Union (WAEMU/UEMOA). Also the President of the ECOWAS Commission, Jean Claude Kassi Brou will present to the West African leaders, the 2020 Interim Report on activities of the sub-regional body including ECOWAS Vision 2050. “Similarly, in Burkina Faso, Cote d’Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea and Niger where parliamentary and presidential elections are scheduled for this year, the imperative to strengthen democracy in the sub-region by respecting constitutional provisions, rule of law and outcomes of free and fair polls, will be emphasised,” the statement added. By Ismaila Chafe Abuja, Sept. 6, 2020 (NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari will depart Abuja on Monday for Niamey, Niger Republic to participate in the 57th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. The one-day summit, according to the President’s spokesman, Malam Garba Shehu, in a… September 6, 2020 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja, July 28, 2018(NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari will on Sunday depart Abuja for Lome, Republic of Togo, to participate in two high-level meetings. A statement by the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Saturday, said President Buhari would on… July 28, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  President Muhammadu Buhari will on Saturday depart Nigeria for Mauritania to participate at the 31st Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the African Union (AU) taking place on July 1 and 2.   Buhari  is due to leave… June 29, 2018 In "Top Stories"