Tel Aviv  – Israeli prosecutors on Monday accused a Israeli Bedouin of having planned a bomb attack at a key shopping junction south-east of Tel Aviv. Israel’s Shin Bet internal security organisation claimed it had foiled the bomb attack at the Bilu junction. Mahmoud Meqdad, 30, allegedly confessed to planning the attack. Accompanied by officers, he pointed at a bus stop at the central Israeli junction where he had planned to carry it out, the Shin Bet said. He allegedly purchased materials to produce a bomb, including nuts and bolts that should serve as shrapnel for maximum damage, and a device to measures electric currents. He even made a sketch of the explosive device, according to a copy of the indictment sent to dpa. His brother Ahmed Meqdad, 32, allegedly aided and abetted the main suspect, a Shin Bet statement said. The main suspect divided his time between his family home in a Bedouin village outside the southern Israeli Negev city of Beersheba. And also the southern Gaza Strip town of Rafah, where his wife lives, the statement added. The Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of the radical Islamic Hamas movement ruling Gaza, exploited the suspect’s frequent travel through the Strip’s main Erez border crossing with Israel to recruit him. The suspect also allegedly pointed at a lookout point near Gaza from which he took photographs of an Israeli Iron Dome missile defence battery that he allegedly passed on to Hamas. The indictment against the two brothers and a third, 18-year-old relative was filed at Beersheba’s Magistrates court. (dpa/NAN) CAIRO - Israeli negotiators arrived in Cairo on Monday for indirect talks mediated by Egypt on a long-term truce for the Gaza Strip, as a temporary three-day ceasefire was taking hold. The Israeli team, includes Shin Bet Security Service Chief Yoram Cohen and the Head of the Defence Ministry's Political… August 12, 2014 In "Foreign" Ramallah - The Israeli army, on Thursday said that it had destroyed the homes of two Palestinian prisoners involved in a West Bank bombing that killed an Israeli teenager in August. According to Palestinian sources, Bulldozers were used to destroy one home in a village near the West Bank city… March 5, 2020 In "Foreign" GAZA/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli air strikes shook Gaza every few minutes on Wednesday, and militants kept up rocket fire at Israel's heartland in intensifying warfare that Palestinian officials said has killed at least 37 people in the Hamas-dominated enclave. Missiles from Israel's Iron Dome defense system shot into the sky… July 9, 2014 In "Foreign"