Rio de Janeiro  – The Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) says its men’s and women’s national teams will receive equal pay, although World Cup prize money would depend on FIFA. “There is no more gender difference, the CBF is treating men and women equally,” CBF chief Rogerio Caboclo said in a statement. Caboclo, however, said prize money from the World Cup would be proportionally equal to what global governing body FIFA pays the competing nations. FIFA offered prize money of 30 million dollars to the teams at the 2019 Women’s World Cup, while the men took home 400 million dollars. Yet the CBF said it would give both men and women the same daily allowance when they are on international duty. It will also pay them the same prize money for success in the Olympics. The Olympic organisation does not pay prize money to medal winners. Pay disparity between men’s and women’s professional football players has been in the spotlight since the U.S. women’s team sued its governing body U.S. Soccer Federation (USSF) last year. The team had alleged gender discrimination in earnings and working conditions. Its claims were dismissed by a court in May and a bid to appeal the decision immediately was denied. Australian football’s governing body said in November that it had reached an agreement with the players’ union. It said they agreed on a new collective bargaining agreement that “closes the pay gap” between the men’s and women’s teams. New Zealand and Norway have also moved to address the pay gap between their male and female players. The Brazil women’s team reached the World Cup final in 2007 and Olympic finals in 2004 and 2008. The men’s team have won the World Cup a record five times and Olympic gold once. (Reuters/NAN) LAGOS - FIFA on Monday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for the implementation of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Legacy Fund, which is the focus ahead of the tournament. A statement on the FIFA website, disclosed that Jérôme Valcke, FIFA Secretary-General, and Brazilian Football Association (CBF) President, José Maria… November 11, 2014 In "Sports" LAGOS - FIFA on Tuesday confirmed Hawk-Eye as the official goal-line technology (GLT) provider for the FIFA Women’s World Cup, ``Canada 2015’’. The championship is scheduled to kicks off on June 6 in Edmonton. According to an official FIFA press release, it will be the first time GLT is implemented… March 31, 2015 In "Sports" Fifa executive committee members are among more than 50 football officials who have been told to return watches, estimated to have a market value of around $25 000 each, which were handed out as gifts by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) during the World Cup. Fifa's ethics committee said in a… September 18, 2014 In "Sports"