Recently evicted Big Brother Naija season 5 housemate, Wathoni has disclosed that she knew about Kiddwaya and Erica’s raunchy escapades while in the house. In an interview she sat for with Brighto, the mother of one revealed that she has also seen the couple do ‘bad stuff’ because her bed is beside Kiddwaya’s. Wathoni went on to state that she has always known that her issue with Erica is because of Kiddwaya, but she refused to admit that. She Said; “The attraction was because he is a cute guy, he speaks well that’s it. “I know about everything that has been going on. They’ve been doing bad stuff and I knew about it. Sometimes I see them. “My bed is beside Kiddwaya’s. And I feel like her issues with me have always been because of Kiddwaya but she keeps denying it but it has always been Kiddwaya.” Here Is The Video Below; #BBNaija: Wathoni reveals she knew Erica and Kiddwaya have been doing “bad stuff”. Recalls seeing them because her bed is beside Kidd’s DSTV Nigeria #BBN Unlocked A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Sep 4, 2020 at 1:58am PDT Source Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Ex-Head of House, Lucy has expressed her determination to ensure the 15 Housemates lose the fifth-week wager challenge. Lucy’s anger stemmed from Kiddwaya’s stand on how Housemates should give their all to the wager challenge scheduled for Thursday night. In her fit of rage, Lucy told Wathoni and Praise she… August 19, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate Kiddwaya has been seen fondling Erica’s breasts causing outrage on social media. In the video, Kiddwaya was about to go to his exclusive suite when he pulled Erica to himself and began touching her breasts. He then started talking about her breast size. He asked… August 19, 2020 In "Entertainment"