ABUJA  -(Reuters) – Nigeria aims to become a net exporter of gasoline and other petroleum products over the next two years as oil refinery projects in the West African country come onstream, the industry regulator said on Tuesday. The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) said five refineries are being built across the country and another seven are planned, which would reverse Nigeria’s dependence on imports. A combined capacity of 375,000 barrels per day (bpd) is expected from 27 modular refineries, DPR Chief Executive Sarki Auwalu said in a statement, adding that 650,000 bpd are due from the oil refinery being built by Africa’s richest man, Aliko Dangote. The government has a 450,000 bpd capacity, he said, without saying when the projects will be completed. The DPR aims to expand oil reserves to 40 billion barrels and gas reserves to 210 trillion cubic feet, Auwalu said, without providing a comparative figure. Auwalu said the department would aim to grow oil production from its current 2.4 million bpd capacity to 3 million bpd production capacity and cut production costs. ABUJA -(Reuters) - Nigerian conglomerate BUA Group has selected France’s Axens for a multibillion-dollar 200,000 barrel per day (bpd) refinery and petrochemicals plant in Nigeria, the French company said in a statement on Tuesday. Axens, which makes systems to convert oil and biomass to cleaner fuels, said it will provide… September 1, 2020 In "Business" LAGOS   -     Africa’s richest man, Aliko Dangote, has arranged more than $4.5 billion in debt financing for his Nigerian oil refinery project and aims to start production in early 2020, he told Reuters. Dangote, who built his fortune in cement, is building the world’s largest single oil… July 25, 2018 In "Business" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja - Mr Sarki Auwalu, the Director, Petroleum Resources, Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) says the downstream oil sector will in the next few years witness changes with government’s commitment to drive business. Awalu disclosed this at the ongoing Nigeria International Petroleum Summit in Abuja, on Wednesday.… February 12, 2020 In "News"