Alex Bamgbola, chairman of the Lagos state chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), says Femi Fani-Kayode, former minister of aviation, will become Nigeria’s president. Bamgbola made the proclamation while praying for Fani-Kayode during the celebration of Isaac Idahosa, general overseer of God First Ministry, 31st year in the ministry. In a video captured by Legit, Bamgbola said: “If you do not compromise yourself, God said I should tell you, you will one day rule this nation.” Speaking after the church service, Fani-Kayode condemned the Companies and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari on August 7. The law stipulates that religious bodies and charity organisations will be regulated by the registrar-general of the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) and a minister But Fani-Kayode said any law that seeks to regulate the affairs of the church is evil. “My position is simple. You cannot regulate the affairs of the church. The church of years has stood for many years; hundreds of thousands of years ever since it was established,” Fani-Kayode said. “And great powers have come and gone that tried to destroy it; it’s never worked and it can never work. And any law that seeks to regulate the affairs of churches is absolutely evil and I consider that section of that act to be evil. “And those that proposed it are evil and it’s unacceptable. And we will not take it, and it will never stand in Jesus’ name, that’s my position.” TheCable The Rivers State Chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) says it has noted with amusement the ranting of Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, asking the Federal Government to try Governor Chibuike Amaechi for treason, and that of Dr. Doyin Okupe, Senior Special Assistant to President Goodluck Jonathan on Public… November 24, 2014 In "News" The Rivers State Chapter of All Progressives Congress (APC) says it has noted with amusement the ranting of Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, asking the Federal Government to try Governor Chibuike Amaechi for treason, and that of Dr. Doyin Okupe, Senior Special Assistant to President Goodluck Jonathan on Public… April 3, 2014 In "Politics" ABUJA- Former Minister of Aviation and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Femi Fani-Kayode has called on the founder and General Superintendent of the Deeper Life Christian Ministry, Pastor William Folorunso Kumuyi to summon the courage to speak truth to power at all times, rather than asking Nigerians to… June 3, 2019 In "News"