In a surprise move, the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission has approved an increase in electricity tariff with effect from September 1, 2020 (today). This comes three months after the tariff hike implementation slated for July 1 was halted by the National Assembly, which prevailed on the distribution companies to shelve the date to the first quarter of 2021 due to the current economic challenges in Nigeria. But a NERC document seen by PUNCH on Tuesday showed that electricity customers, except those receiving less than 12 hours of supply, would have to pay more for electricity starting from September 1, 2020. According to the document, the new tariff is based on the hours of electricity supply available to the customers. Customers are categorised into maximum demand and non-maximum demand customers, as against the previous categories of residential, commercial and industrial customers, with different bands (A to E) depending on the level of supply. For Ikeja Electric, a residential customer on single phase receiving a minimum of 12 hours of supply will now pay N42.73 per KWh, up from N21.30 per kWh. For Eko Electricity Distribution Company, a residential customer on single phase receiving a minimum of 12 hours of supply will now pay N43.01 per kWh, up from N24 per kWh. For Abuja Electricity Distribution Company, a residential customer on single phase receiving between 12 to 16 hours of supply will now be charged N45.69 per KWh, up from N24.30 per kWh. Kaduna Electric announced on Twitter on Monday night that non-MD receiving between 12 and 16 hours will be charged N50.10 per KWh, adding that the tariffs for customers receiving less than 12 hours had been temporarily frozen. “Following consultations and directions on tariff policy, the commission hereby approves a deferment of the applicable tariffs for customers in service bands D and E (that is customers with a service commitment of less than an average of 12 hours supply per day over a period of one month) for the period September 1, 2020 to January 1, 2021,” NERC said. It said the Discos would only be allowed to charge those customers the new tariffs upon investments that improve the quality of service experience, “thus migrating customers to higher service bands or another order of the commission.” Source LAGOS - The Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) on Saturday urged electricity consumers to brace up for upward adjustment in tariffs to partly meet reality of the prevailing economic situation. Mr Oladele Amoda, EKEDC’s Chief Executive Officer, made the plea in Lagos at a stakeholders’ consultative forum to rub minds… June 13, 2015 In "News" The tariff increase for each Disco differs, going by figures in the documents from the commission.  The Federal Government through the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission has increased the tariff payable by power consumers across the country. Findings from various documents obtained from the NERC on Wednesday in Abuja showed that… August 22, 2019 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has given his approval for the implementation of the proposed cost-reflective electricity tariff for the Nigerian Electricity Supply Industry (NESI). Buhari gave the approval on Tuesday. According to TheCable, rich people will pay more while those classified as “poor” will not be affected by the increase in… August 26, 2020 In "News"