Former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Comrade Adams Oshiomhole on Tuesday escaped death by the whisker in a convoy accident. It was learnt the incident occurred around 12noon at Benin-Lagos bypass before Oluku junction when Oshiomhole was on his way to Usen in Ovia local government of Edo for campaign. Two policemen attached to the convoy died while two others sustained serious injuries during the incident and are receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospital. His media aide, Victor Oshioke, who narrated the incident, however alleged it was an assassination attempt. Oshioke, in a statement, said: ‘’The convoy was heading for Usen, where Comrade Oshiomhole was expected to appear at a campaign rally, along with Pastor Ize-Iyamu, when a trailer driving in the same direction veered off its course, hit the back-up Toyota Hilux carrying seven policemen, forcing it off the road into the bush and rammed into the Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV) carrying Comrade Oshiomhole, causing substantial damage. “Comrade Oshiomhole and other persons in the convoy, apart from those indicated above, did not sustain any injury. “It is pertinent to state, without fear of contradiction, that the convoy of Comrade Oshiomhole was maintaining legal speed limit when the incident occurred. ‘’This explains why the trailer, travelling in the same direction overran the Toyota Hilux vehicle off the road and still hit the SUV carrying Comrade Oshiomhole, causing substantial damage.’’ Alleging the accident was not ordinary, the media aide added: “Without prejudice to police investigations, eyewitnesses account of the incident suggest, and we believe rightly too, that this was an assassination attempt targeting Comrade Oshiomhole.” “While we pray for the quick recovery of the injured policemen, we extend our condolences to the families of the departed. “Comrade Oshiomhole has visited the injured policemen in the hospital and he deployed some of his aides to be on standby at the hospital to ensure that the wounded policemen are given the best medical attention possible. “The case was immediately reported at the Ekiadolor Police Station and investigations are ongoing. “We call on the security agencies to do everything possible to unravel the circumstances surrounding the incident, especially because of the threat to the life of Comrade Oshiomhole and the violence which has been directed towards him and the people around him in recent times.” The Nation Security operatives on Saturday barred protesting youths from getting close to the convoy of National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. Oshiomhole was in Benin to attend burial ceremony of mother of Hon Ehiozuwa Agbonyinma, late Cecilia Agbonyinma. Heavily armed security personnel were mobilised to the Benin… February 22, 2020 In "Politics" •Adams Oshiomhole By Osagie Otabor BENIN - National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, has apologised to Oba of Lagos, Oba Rilwan Akiolu, Governor Godwin Obaseki and Chancellor of the Edo University, Iyahmo, Dr. Makanjuola over the attack on their convoy at his country home in… November 3, 2019 In "Politics" There is heavy security at the Benin Airport over fears of possible booing of National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. At the Airport entrance gate, there are soldiers and two police vehicles while others comprising officials of the Department of State Security, Nigeria Security and Civil… February 22, 2020 In "News"