New Delhi  – The official Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s personal website was hacked early on Thursday, the social media company has confirmed. A series of tweets were sent from the account asking its followers to donate cryptocurrency to the prime minister’s relief fund. Twitter said it was aware of the activity and had taken steps to secure the compromised account. Narendramodi_in is the official Twitter handle for Modi’s personal website. It has more than 2.5 million followers and was created in May 2011. Modi’s personal Twitter account, with more than 61 million followers, was unaffected by the incident. “We are actively investigating the situation. “At this time, we are not aware of additional accounts being impacted,” a Twitter spokeswoman said in an emailed statement. The tweets were subsequently taken down and the account restored. In July, hackers accessed Twitter’s internal systems to hijack some of the platform’s top profiles including those of U.S. presidential contender Joe Biden, former U.S. president Barack Obama, Tesla founder Elon Musk, and Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates. The corporate accounts for Uber and Apple were also compromised in the major breach, according to reports. (dpa/NAN) BY ERIC MARKOWITZ Here’s a news story that looks familiar: A health company that operates hospitals across the country made a startling admission late last week—it had been hacked. Company officials offered few details about the crime, but announced that computer hackers presumed to be operating in China accessed the… August 20, 2014 In "News" New Delhi   -     Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s official mobile application is at the centre of a controversy for allegedly sharing personal user data without consent. The issue hit the headlines after a security researcher posted a series of tweets alleging the app was sending personal user data to a… March 26, 2018 In "Foreign" New Delhi - Representatives of Twitter have been summoned to appear before an Indian Parliamentary panel following complaints that the platform is biased against pro-ruling party and right-wing content. The announcement was posted on Twitter by Anurag Thakur, the head of the Parliamentary Committee on Information Technology and a member… February 6, 2019 In "Foreign"