By Nabilu Balarabe  Damaturu  –  The Emir of Fika in Yobe, Dr Mohammad Ibn-Abali, on Sunday appointed Prof. Shettima Saidu of the Federal University, Gashua in the state, as the Mukaddam of Fika Emirate and a member of the Emirate Council. Ibn-Abali is also the Chairman, Yobe State Council of Chiefs and the North-East Co-ordinatorof the National Council of Traditional Rulers. This was announced in a statement signed by the emirate’s Acting Secretary, Alhaji Ali Gonki, in Fika. It noted that Prof. Saidu, a pharmaceutical chemist, had excelled in his profession and was found worthy of the appointment. The statement charged the don to sustain his service delivery to humanity and be a good ambassador of the council with the appointment. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Prof. Saidu is the Dean, Faculty of Science at the Federal University, Gashua and the Vice President, institute of Chartered Chemists of Nigeria (ICCON). He is also a visiting Professor of Research and Senior Mentoring Scholar at Southern University and A&M College, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA. As an astute toxicologist, Saidu had reported the synthesis of over 25 novel organic compounds, most of which could be modified into anti-fungal drugs. (NAN) Lokoja -  The Federal University Lokoja (FUL), on Saturday, honoured the Late Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Mr James Ocholi (SAN), with Posthumous Honorary Doctor of Law Honoris Causa. The award was received on behalf of the late minister by his son at the Maiden Convocation ceremony of… October 23, 2016 In "Education" A book chronicling the one-decade stewardship of Governor Ibrahim Gaidam of Yobe state will be formally presented to the public on Monday, April 29, 2019 in Damaturu, the Yobe state capital. The book, GOVERNOR IBRAHIM GAIDAM: FOUNDER OF MODERN YOBE, will be unveiled at the Government House Damaturu under the… April 25, 2019 In "Politics" ABUJA  -  Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Tuesday met with Northern traditional rulers and charged them to always speak up against hate speeches and divisive voices in their respective domains. In his opening remarks at the meeting held at the old Banquet Hall, Presidential Villa, Abuja, Mr. Osinbajo said the… June 21, 2017 In "Top Stories"