New York  –  U.S. Open Tournament Referee Soeren Friemel says there was “no other option” but to disqualify world number one Novak Djokovic on Sunday after he struck a line judge with a ball. A frustrated Djokovic had swatted a ball to the back of the court inside Arthur Ashe Stadium in New York and the ball inadvertently hit a line judge in her throat. This was after his fourth round opponent broke his serve in the first set on Sunday. Friemel told reporters at Flushing Meadows that the action warranted Djokovic’s removal from the tournament. “This was based on the fact that the ball was hit angrily, recklessly, that it went straight at the line umpire’s throat,” he said, adding however that he believed the 33-year-old did not intend harm. “There are two factors. One is the action and the result,” he said. “And the action —- while there was no intent –— the result of hitting a line umpire and (her) clearly being hurt is the essential factor in the decision-making process here.” Friemel, who became tournament referee prior to the 2019 U.S. Open, said he had never defaulted a player in Grand Slam competition before, calling Sunday’s saga “a very unique experience.” Djokovic, who was gunning for an 18th Grand Slam title at this year’s event, apologised to the tournament in a social media post and said he was “extremely sorry” to the line judge. “Defaulting a player at a Grand Slam is a very important, very tough decision,” Friemel said. “It doesn’t matter if it’s on Ashe, if it’s number one or any other player on any other court —- you need to get it right, you need to make the right decision. “And everyone on court was aware of what’s at stake.” (Reuters/NAN) Melbourne - Novak Djokovic endured a fierce challenge to his Melbourne Park reign before overhauling Dominic Thiem 6-4, 4-6, 2-6, 6-3, 6-4 on Sunday to clinch an eighth Australian Open crown and reclaim the world number one ranking. While Rafa Nadal rules Roland Garros with 12 titles, Djokovic holds sway… February 2, 2020 In "Sports" New York -  Roger Federer heads to the U.S. Open as third favorite behind longtime rivals Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal after a season that has nose-dived since he won the Australian Open at the start of the year. His run at Flushing Meadows was ended by Juan Martin del… August 25, 2018 In "Sports" NEW YORK - Serena Williams will resume her quest for a record-tying 24th Grand Slam title at the U.S. Open on Wednesday while holder Novak Djokovic and five-times champion Roger Federer also seek passage to the third round. Eighth-seed Williams, who was dominant in her first-round rout of Maria Sharapova,… August 28, 2019 In "Sports"