Harare  – Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa has approved the harmonisation of the retirement age in the civil service to 65 years with immediate effect. In a note dated Friday, the Secretary of the Public Service Commission (PSC), Vincent Hungwe, told heads of ministries that Mnangagwa had approved an amendment to regulations of 2000 that provided for two pensionable ages in the civil service. Under the 2000 regulations, those appointed on pensionable terms of service before May 1, 1992, have a pensionable age of 65 while those appointed on or after that date have a pensionable age of 60 years. “The amendment approved by his Excellency the President, which is being finalised in the immediate term, harmonises the retirement criteria by restoring the retirement/pensionable age to 65 years for all civil servants,” the note said. Prior to the amendment of the old regulations, some civil servants who had been hired after May 1, 1992, could still continue in service until the age of 65 upon applying for an extension. (Xinhua/NAN) By Sunday John   Lafia   -   The Nasarawa State Government has commenced the process of converting the casual workers in all its Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) to permanent staff. Mr Musa Dangana, Chairman, Nasarawa State Civil Service Commission, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday… March 12, 2018 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (Intersociety) has called on the Nigeria’s Service Chiefs to prepare their handover notes and leave office as their retirement was long overdue. The group noted that Service Chiefs have become ‘a big masquerade that has… June 26, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sponsored Post) - The attention of the FIRS Management has been drawn to malicious publications in some no less reputable media outfits such as Premium Times and PUNCH Newspaper dated 18th May, 2020, entitled "FIRS Chair ignores Buhari's directive, retires nine directors", which blatantly twisted facts to create… June 1, 2020 In "Business"