Diehard fans of disqualified BBnaija lockdown housemate, Erica have raised over $19,000 for her. This came about after her fans known has ‘Elites’ started a ‘GoFund me’ just minutes after her disqualification. In less than three hours, it was funded with over $13,000 of the targeted $100,000. A description underneath the campaign page reads: “For Erica Nlewedim, the star of BBNaija season 5, Lockdown edition whose journey on the show came to an emotional end – To realize some of her hopes and aspirations.” However Chief Executive Officer CMC cars, Chidi Mike, also took to his Instagram to promise Erica N2million among other donations. She was disqualified for breaking the house rules, bullying, provocation and engaging with the production crew. Big Brother also reiterated the rules of the reality show while addressing the Housemates on Sunday evening. He said: “BBNaija rule book clearly states in Article 18 sub-section 1 that other types of violence, including provocation, goading, bullying, and victimisation may be punished by Big Brother in any way Big Brother chooses.” However, Nigerians have slammed those raising money for the disqualified housemate accusing them of pursuing mundane causes when in actuality they could have used the money to save other people who are in need, and not one with stinking character. Source Lucy was yesterday evicted from the Big Brother Naija lockdown house. She left the house in a dramatic way, not hugging or shaking any of the other housemates and simply waving and saying “Bye, it was a pleasure”. This comes after Head of House, Erica was disqualified for her unruly… September 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, has packed her bags, ready to go home today. This is after she broke major Lockdown house rules. Among several house rules Erica, who is the current Head of House broke yesterday include threatening to kill fellow housemate, Laycon outside the house. She… September 6, 2020 In "News" The very many fans of Big Brother Naija reality show have called for the disqualification of Erica over death threats against Laycon. Recall that Erica who already has two strikes from previous offenses threatened to kill Laycon outside the house. The Abia born stressed that she will make sure Laycon… September 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"