Former Big Brother Africa winner, Uti Nwachukwu has taken to social media to give Erica thumbs up for having sex with Kiddwaya on national television. He didn’t waste time to slam those criticising the actress. The latest development comes after Erica yesterday confirmed that she had sex with Kiddwaya while the pair were in the Head of House lounge. Since the pair shared the Head of House lounge during the fourth week of the show, many fans have been speculating that they actually got down with each other during that time. They spent the full week together after Erica won the Head of House challenge and choose Kiddwaya, her love interest, as her deputy. Speaking about that period with Neo earlier today, she confirmed that the pair did ‘crazy things’ while further stating that they did everything possible. “If they show videos of all the things that happened in that Head of House lounge…even me I don’t want to watch it” she said laughing Neo went on to ask the details of what they did, he asked ”Blowjob?” and she responded ”I did everything” Her story didn’t sink in well with some viewers as they took to social media to slut-shame her, and Uti Nwachukwu took to his Twitter page to slam her critics. He wrote; “at least star gyal #Bbnaija Erica is Enjoying hours and hours of Billionaire Orgasms not Kpekere suffer head 5mins tickling.. if i hear PIM!!! E PAIN UNA!! If u are not a Virgin,If u have ever made out (lolox)and u condemn Erica because of any fabricated nonsense, then 600 years suffa for u and ur cohortsIts always the struggling ones that blab blaber blabbest! #BBNaijaELITES! DEM GO CLEAR ROAD FOR STARGYAL!!” … at least star gyal #Bbnaija Erica is Enjoying hours and hours of Billionaire Orgasms not Kpekere suffer head 5mins tickling.. if i hear PIM!!!   E PAIN UNA!! #EricaIsMe  #BBNaijia2020 Source Erica, a Big Brother Naija 2020 housemate, has warned Neo against revealing her secret to other housemates. Erica, while engaging in a discussion about sexual escapades in the house, had told Neo that she has done everything sexual with Kiddwaya. Recall that the Lockdown housemate, Erica and Kiddwaya, were last… September 3, 2020 In "Entertainment" It seems like things are soon going to get out of hand in the Big Brother Naija house 2020 after Kiddwaya and Erica were caught inside the head of house lounge making out. A clip never seen before making the rounds on social media showed the romantic moment Erica and… August 12, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija Season 5 couple Kiddwaya and Erica may be causing trouble for themselves after bodyshaming Laycon. It happened that they talked bad about Laycon's stature. Recall that on Sunday, the duo were given strikes by Biggie. Erica received two strikes for whispering and staying at the Head Of House room… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment"