Following his eviction last Sunday, ex-BBNaija season 5 housemate, Brighto has revealed that billionaire’s son, Kiddwaya does not love Erica. According to the 29 year old, the relationship between Kiddwaya and Erica is not genuine and they are just having fun. He added that he does not see the relationship progressing outside the house. In his words “I know definitely the relationship between #Erica and Waya is not genuine……he is into that relationship for the fun of it and for the fact that we are still in the house but I don’t know outside the house, if I should say something about it, it is not going anywhere” Watch video below: "I know definitely the relationship between #Erica and Waya is not genuine……he is into that relationship for the fun of it and for the fact that we are still in the house but I don't know outside the house, if I should say something about it, it is not going anywhere" -#Brighto : @ Bigbronaija  #BBNaijaLockdown #BBN #BBNaijaLockdown2020 #BBNaija2020 #BBNaijaSeason5 #BBN A post shared by  Big Brother Naija (@bigbronaijai) on Sep 1, 2020 at 12:18am PDT  Kiddwaya, a Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate, has confirmed his breakup with Erica to his friend, Brighto. It will be recalled that earlier, Kiddwaya ended his relationship with Erica after she complained of lack of respect and regards from the Billionaire’s son. Recall that during one of their conversations last… August 28, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija season 5 housemate Kiddwaya has said he's not sure he has feelings for fellow housemate, Erica. Recall that the two have been all romantic and even engaging in sexual act in the house. When he was put on the spot on Sunday during the live eviction show,… August 10, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija housemate, Kiddwaya, has told fellow housemate, Nengi that he is not in the reality show to have a girlfriend. In their one-on-one conversation last night, Nengi said she didn’t want to stand between Kidd and other female housemates. Nengi felt her closeness to Kidd was causing tension… August 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"