New Delhi  – Executives of social media giant Facebook were questioned on Wednesday by an Indian parliamentary panel after allegations of bias on how the company’s in-house policies for regulating hate speech were applied on the platform. The panel called Facebook India’s representatives after a report in the Wall Street Journal newspaper alleged the company overlooked hate speech posts by leaders and right-wing Hindu groups affiliated with the country’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). The Wall Street Journal report accused Facebook of not applying its hate speech rules to anti-Muslim rhetoric, and provided examples of when posts were not removed even after being flagged. Facebook has denied any bias, and said it is a non-partisan platform. “We take allegations of bias incredibly seriously, and want to make it clear that we denounce hate and bigotry in any form,” Facebook India Director Ajit Mohan said in a statement soon after the controversy broke. The meeting of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information Technology was not open to the public or media. The parliament secretariat said the panel would hear the Facebook representatives’ views on “safeguarding citizens’ rights and prevention of misuse of social/online news media platforms.” The panel is chaired by Shashi Tharoor, a member of the opposition Indian National Congress. The row has led to a political slugfest in India, with the BJP also accusing Facebook of bias against it. With 346.2 million users in India in 2020, Facebook sees the country as one of its most promising markets. In 2015, the platform had 135.6 million users, according to online business data platform Statista. (dpa/NAN) San Francisco - Facebook Inc’s struggles with hate speech and other types of problematic content are being hampered by the company’s inability to keep up with a flood of new languages as mobile phones bring social media to every corner of the globe. The company offers its 2.3 billion users… April 23, 2019 In "Business" Washington - Facebook Inc. has not done enough to fight discrimination on its platform and some of its decisions were setbacks for civil rights, according to an independent audit commissioned by the company, the New York Times reported. The auditors’ findings are likely to add further pressure to the company… July 8, 2020 In "Foreign" YAOUNDE    -      A video link posted on Facebook on June 20 showed a man cooking human body parts in a pot over a wood fire. In Cameroon, the footage went viral. Some Facebook users said the man was a cannibal and that the video was shot in the… November 5, 2018 In "Foreign"