A 41-year old man, Ogbonna Nwankwo has been arrested for allegedly attempting to murder a 29-year old woman Bella Joseph at Dollar inn Motel Ihite in Orumba South LGA of Anambra. The suspect was said to have attempted to remove the victim’s breast after stabbing her with a knife causing her intestine to come out before his eventual arrest. The Nation gathered that the suspect was about to escape when he was apprehended following the alarm raised by the victim. The Police spokesperson, Haruna Mohammed confirmed the incident, He said the Commissioner of Police, John Abang has directed that the case be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department (CID) for discreet investigation in order to unravel the actual circumstances surrounding the incident. He said, “On the 2/9/2020 at about 8:am, there was a report of attempted murder of one Bella Joseph ‘f’ aged 29years and residing at Dollar inn motel Ihite in Orumba South LGA of Anambra State by lodger one Ogbonna Nwankwo ‘m’ aged 41years of Ihite town in the same LGA. “Suspect allegedly attempted to murder the lady inside the motel room by stabbing the victim with a knife on her stomach and tried to cut off her right side breast using the same knife probably for ritual purpose thinking she was dead before he was apprehended following her shout for help which attracted the attention of the motel manager. “Consequently, the scene was visited by Police operatives attached to Umunze division and the victim rushed to specialist hospital Nnewi for treatment. “The suspect who was seriously manhandled by an angry mob and beaten to stupor was equally arrested by the police and taken to the hospital for treatment under police guard. “Meanwhile, a blood-stained knife was recovered at the scene as exhibit.” The Nation Detectives from Ondo State Police Command are on the trail of suspected ritualists who killed a 60-year-old woman with hunchback. The police are also on the trail of the woman’s son, who colluded with the kidnappers after being paid N7million. The woman identified as Mrs. Rukayat Abodunde, was abducted by… April 23, 2019 In "Metro" A local government councillor in Anambra State, Chukwuebuka Ikeji, has allegedly been killed over a land dispute. As a consequence, irate youths in the area mobilised and set the house of his alleged killer, Emmanuel Ukandu, ablaze. Also torched was Ukandu’s bus, which he allegedly used to murder the victim.… April 2, 2020 In "News" By Francis Onyeukwu Awka - Police have confirmed the release of the abducted member of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) deployed to Indiokolo community in Orumba area of Anambra as electoral ad hoc staff. Also, the state coordinator of NYSC, Mr Aremu Kehinde, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the… February 23, 2019 In "Top Stories"