By Adekunle Williams Ikeja –   The People Democratic Party (PDP) will hold its primary elections for the Lagos East Senatorial district and Kosofe Constituency II House of Assembly on Sept. 5.The spokesperson for the party in Lagos, Mr Taofik Gani, confirmed the development to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on WednesdayNAN recalls that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), is set to conduct by-elections on Oct. 31. This is to fill the 12 vacant legislative seats across eight states in Nigeria, following the demise or resignation of the previous occupants.Gani said all the necessary logistics had been put in place by the party to ensure a hitch-free exercise.He explained that the party had cleared four aspirants to contest for the party’s ticket in a primary election for the Lagos East Senatorial district while two aspirants were cleared for the Kosofe II House of Assembly in Lagos. NAN reports that the four aspirants for the senatorial district are Mr Babatunde Gbadamosi, Mrs Abiodun Oyefusi, Mrs Saidat Odofin-Fafowora and Mr Olanrewaju Babatunde.NAN also reports that the aspirants for the House of Assembly, Kosofe constituency II, are Mr Alebiosu Adekoya and Mr Aroyewun Segun. (NAN) The Lagos State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has confirmed that a former Commissioner for Finance in the state, Tokunbo Abiru, is the party’s consensus candidate for the forthcoming Lagos East Senatorial bye-election. The party’s state Assistant Publicity Secretary, Abiodun Salami, gave the confirmation in an interview with… August 29, 2020 In "Politics" By Peter Amine Jos - Five aspirants are contesting for the ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the forthcoming Plateau South senatorial by-election, Mr Yakubu Chocho, the state Chairman of the party, has said.Chocho told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Jos that all the five… August 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo  -   Security was beefed up in Osogbo, the Osun capital, and Iwo Local Government Area of the state on Wednesday as the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Peoples Democratic (PDP) primaries for Osun-West Senatorial District bye-election got underway. While APC was holding its primary in… June 14, 2017 In "Politics"