By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The English Commercial Court today delivered the unprecedented judgment allowing Nigeria permission to proceed with its challenge to the $10 billion arbitral award made against it over three years ago This was granted due to exceptional circumstances of fraud being uncovered. The Nigeria P&D Fact Check released this via its twitter handle @PandDFactCheck. The Court has allowed the FRN to bring this challenge well outside the normal time limits due to the exceptional circumstances where the FRN has uncovered evidence of a massive fraud in procuring the award. The Court heard evidence from the FRN and the offshore shell company P&ID in relation to the gas supply and processing agreement (GSPA) which the parties entered into 10 years ago and which was never performed. The Buhari Administration, having inherited this dispute from the previous administration, only recently uncovered evidence that the GSPA was a sham commercial deal designed to fail from the start, and that its subsequent arbitral award was based on fraud and corruption. The FRN relied on a number of ongoing investigations across multiple jurisdictions, including the US, to build its case. During the hearing, new evidence was presented to further support the FRN’s challenge. The Judge, Sir Ross Cranston, found that: “Nigeria has established a strong prima facie case that the GSPA was procured by bribes paid to insiders as part of a larger scheme to defraud Nigeria. There is also a strong prima facie case that P&ID’s main witness in the arbitration, Mr Quinn, gave perjured evidence to the Tribunal and that, contrary to that evidence, P&ID was not in the position to perform the contract. As to the Jurisdiction and Liability stages of the arbitration, there is a prima facie case that they were tainted by the conduct of Nigeria’s advocate, Mr Shasore. … It seems to me that Nigeria has made a good case that, at the time it took part or continued to take part in the arbitration, it did not know and could not with reasonable diligence have discovered the grounds it now advances.” This is a significant win for the FRN as well as the court systems, Cranston stated: “Not only is the integrity of the arbitration system threatened, but that of the court as well, since to enforce an award in such circumstances would implicate it in the fraudulent scheme.” The FRN will now proceed to a full trial of the issues where the FRN’s substantive application to finally set aside the award will be heard. A spokesperson for the Attorney General of the Federation said:“The Federal Republic of Nigeria is pleased with the outcome from the High Court hearing today. This is a major victory in our ongoing fight against the vulture-fund-backed P&ID, to overturn the injustice of the multibillion dollar arbitral award. In light of the new and substantive evidence presented regarding P&ID’s fraudulent and corrupt activities, the Court has granted our application for an extension of time to hear our challenge out of normal time limits. We will now proceed to a full hearing of our fraud. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government on Friday, December 6, 2019, filed a new and substantive challenge in the English Courts, in its ongoing fight against the Process and Industrial Development Limited (P&ID). The filing, which is a major step forward in their bid to overturn the injustice of… December 6, 2019 In "Top Stories" •Insists firm knew there was no contract •Uncovers illegal payments to daughter of govt official Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The federal government yesterday led evidence to convince a United Kingdom (UK) High Court to accept its allegation that the Gas Supply Purchasing Agreement (GSPA) between Nigeria and Process and Industrial… July 14, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Olalekan Adetayo and Ade Adesomoju The Process and Industrial Development on Wednesday denied offering to negotiate with the Federal Government over a recent contentious judgment of a United Kingdom which affirmed that it is owed $9.6bn by Nigeria. This came as both Nigeria and the firm are set for… September 26, 2019 In "Top Stories"