Over 100 persons have been trapped in Akwakuma in Owerri North Local Government Area of Imo as a result of two- day landslide. The disaster, which occurred last Saturday, took place at Trinity Street. The Nation gathered it also cut off more than six buildings in the area with many residents trapped. One of the victims and a lecturer at the Department of Mass Communication, Federal Polytechnic Nekede, Owerri, Emma Ogu, told The Nation for days, his family and many residents were trapped in the landslide. Ogu, who estimated the depth of the gully caused by the slide at 10 feet, said: “We need urgent attention now from the state government to avert further calamity.” It was gathered two major churches, St. Phillip Anglican Church, Akwakuma, and Holy Trinity Catholic Church were also involved in the slide, which affected other residential and commercial houses in the area. Commissioner for Environment, Dr. Ike Njoku, said officials of the ministry had visited the affected area. Imo landslide He advised the people of the area to always check the level of water flow in the area. He said: “It is a big problem for the state. This is because there more than 300 erosion sites on Imo. “Meanwhile, we have taken the matter to the State Government who said that we slate the area as one of those areas that have urgent attention in the state.” The Nation Many people have been feared dead when a storey-building under construction along Musa A’ dua Drive in Owerri Municipal Council Area of Imo State collapsed. Eyewitnesses some occupants were also trapped in the building, which collapsed at about 4pm on Thursday. Fire-fighters and passersby had hectic time trying to rescue… April 30, 2020 In "News" A woman was burnt beyond recognition and three others sustained severe injuries on Friday when a truck conveying petroleum products exploded at Irete junction in Owerri West Council Area of Imo State. The incident happened at about 10 45am when the driver was trying to make u-turn after discharging the… August 14, 2020 In "News" Colombo  -   The rescue team has said on Thursday that heavy rain that led to serious flooding has distrupted the seach of missing persons after a two major landslides in central Sri Lanka. The search for over than 100 persons that were missing has slim chances of success, as… May 19, 2016 In "Foreign"