Big Brother Naija housemate, Erica has vowed that Laycon will kill himself for lying about her. Erica who was drunk after the Saturday night party said the singer will kill himself. She said the only thing saving him is Biggie, because she will kill him outside the house. “I will beat Laycon if I was not on two strikes. I don’t care if I am disqualified. Laycon is a foolish boy, he looks like a nonstick. “Laycon will kill himself for using me to lie. Outside this house I will kill Laycon. “How will I be attracted to such ugly boy. Laycon is ugly he is not attractive, if people see that he is using his smartness for bad then he is ugly from the inside out.” While Erica lashed out at Laycon, Kiddwaya and Trickytee tried to calm her down. However, effort to calm her down proved abortive as she claimed she has bottled up her emotions for one week. Recall that Ebuka had asked Laycon to clarify his statement that Erica tried to kiss him severally. Annoyed by the question, Erica confronted Laycon but he maintained that he will not discuss the issue.z Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, Erica, has lashed out at Laycon following the drama of yesterday. Recall that Laycon and Erica were close before she chose Kiddwaya over him. Erica who says she's mentally attracted to Laycon is not happy that he talks about him at different times and locations… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija housemate, Praise has advised Laycon to move ahead with his feeling for Erica. This comes after Laycon had declared his intention to be in a relationship with Erica. However, Erica turned him down saying she is only mentally attracted to him. Laycon since then has suffered rejection and has… August 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" BBNaija Season 5 couple Kiddwaya and Erica may be causing trouble for themselves after bodyshaming Laycon. It happened that they talked bad about Laycon's stature. Recall that on Sunday, the duo were given strikes by Biggie. Erica received two strikes for whispering and staying at the Head Of House room… August 24, 2020 In "Entertainment"