The outgoing Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar, Prof Zana Akpagu, has won the All Progressives Congress primary to contest the October 31 bye-election for the Northern Cross River State Senatorial seat in the state. Akpagu scored 75,490 votes to defeat his closest rival Joe Agi (SAN) and three other contestants for the APC ticket. The results were announced by the Senatorial Returning Officer for the party, Mr Lazarus Undie. Agi polled 12,813 votes, followed by Mr Odey Ochicha who got 1,612 votes, Harry Odey who got 239 votes, and Mr Fidel Egoro who scored 27 votes. Undie while announcing the result declared Akpagu, who polled the highest number of votes, winner of the contest, and standard-bearer of the APC in the election. “Based on what we have declared here, we state that Prof. Zana Akpagu having scored the highest number of votes in this contest is the winner of the APC Senatorial primary election,” he declared. The result was announced in the presence of the representative of the Independent National Electoral Commission, Mr Asuquo Afia, who observed the conduct of the election with the Zonal Organising Secretary of the party, Atsu Liberty. (Punch) Abuja- Former Youth Leader of PDP in Edo, Chief Francis Inegbeneki on Monday in Ubiaja, won the All Progressives Congress (APC) primaries for the Edo Central Senatorial seat for the general elections in 2015. He polled 852 votes to beat Mr Joe Okojie (335 votes) and Mr Theophilus Okoh (271… December 8, 2014 In "News" By Benson Ezugwu Calabar - Mr Bassey Ita, the Publicity Secretary of All Progressives Congress (APC), Cross River chapter, says the party will win the forthcoming bye-election for the Cross River North Senatorial District.He said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Calabar.Ita,… July 15, 2020 In "Politics" LAGOS - Nollywood star, Desmond Elliot, of the All Progressives  Congress (APC) on Sunday polled 23,141 votes at the Surulere state constituency l to emerge winner. Mr Bayo Smith, of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) came second with 12,546 votes. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Returning Officer, Dr… April 12, 2015 In "News"