Ahmad Lawan, the Senate President has issued a stern warning to President Buhari’s appointees following the continous face-off that has been recorded between the executive cabinet members and the legislature in the last few weeks. Addressing State House reporters on Monday August 31 after Buhari inaugurated the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo-led Executive/Legislative/Party Consultative Committee, Lawan disclosed that the President has addressed the issues. He Said; “I believe that should be the end of it (appointees knocking heads with legislature). We believe that we should work together. “Mr President made it very clear that he is not going to tolerate any of his appointees doing things that are not respectable, things that have no dignity to the National Assembly. “For us in the National Assembly, I think what has happened has happened. We pray nobody goes to the National Assembly to do the kind of things that disrespect the President and of course abuse the National Assembly. “We are not going to tolerate that because anyone who wants to see Nigeria progress will continue to ensure that this consultative forum produces the kind of result and outcomes that will make Nigeria better in terms of governance.” The Senate President who noted that the legislature would always perform its oversight function and check possible excesses of the executive, added that it is incumbent upon APC leaders at all levels and as a party to ensure they met expectations and aspirations of Nigerians by fulfilling the promise made to them during the electioneering campaigns. Lawan Said; “But we also believe that separation of powers also means there should be cooperation, consultation, coordination and partnership for the benefits of the people of this country. This is not in any way to compromise the different functions we’re tasked and scheduled to discharge.” Source The National Assembly has expressed reservations over recent conducts of some government officials in the Executive arm, whose behaviours the leadership of the Legislature considered uncooperative. The Senate President, Senator Ahmad Lawan, expressed the reservation while speaking to State House Correspondents after a closed-doors meeting with the President Muhammadu Buhari… July 16, 2020 In "News" •Says president has provided details of borrowing plan•PSC bill passage to generate additional N420bn for 2020 budget Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmad Lawan, yesterday said with sufficient information supplied by the federal government to back its request to borrow $29.9 billion, the Senate would approve… December 17, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has urged lawmakers, returning from foreign trips to go for COVID-19 test and isolate themselves for 14 days before appearing in the chambers for legislative activities. Chairman, Senate Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Sen. Godiya Akwashiki(APC-Nasarawa), said this… March 19, 2020 In "News"