Tokyo  – Japan’s ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) is set to decide on Tuesday the schedule of a leadership race to succeed Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has announced his resignation due to health issues. The party is expected to hold its leadership election on Sept. 14 with votes cast by lawmakers of the national parliament and delegates from its local chapters, Kyodo News reported. Japan’s government spokesman Yoshihide Suga, who is reportedly expected to announce his candidacy for the job, was gaining wide support among LDP lawmakers, local media reported. Suga, who has been in the position since Abe took office in December 2012, will declare his candidacy in the race on Wednesday, Kyodo reported, citing an unnamed LDP source. Both former foreign minister Fumio Kishida and former defence minister Shigeru Ishiba are expected to follow suit later on Tuesday, the report said. Abe announced his resignation on Friday after he was diagnosed with a recurrence of an intestinal illness, called ulcerative colitis, earlier in August following repeated hospital visits. In July 2007, the disease forced Abe to abruptly quit as prime minister, only one year into the job. Abe’s sudden announcement comes amid a historic recession and a new wave of the novel coronavirus. (dpa/NAN) Tokyo   -   Japan’s finance ministry on Monday acknowledged that documents in a suspected cronyism scandal had been doctored. The ministry said a senior ruling party official made this known as pressure mounts on Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his Ally, Finance Minister Taro Aso, over the case. Abe, now in… March 12, 2018 In "Foreign" Japan's Nikkei share average jumped 4 percent on Monday after U.S. stocks rose and the country's ruling coalition won a landslide victory in upper house elections, boosting confidence in the market. The Nikkei ended at 15,708.82 points, a one-week closing high, after earlier touching its highest intraday levels since June… July 11, 2016 In "Business" Tokyo   -  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Wednesday remained-steadfast that he and his wife were not involved in discount-land-sale-deal that has seen the opposition call for the resignation of key-ally and Finance Minister Taro Aso. Abe and Aso have come under fresh pressure over the ministry’s admission this week… March 14, 2018 In "Foreign"