Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike of Rivers State yesterday declared interest to support Bauchi State governor to work for the wellbeing of the people. Wike gave the assurance while flagging off the construction of 11 township roads of about 11 kilometers held at Gombe Road, Bauchi, executed by the People’s Democratic Party-led government in the state. Wike noted with satisfaction, the foresight of Governor Bala Mohammed to embark on construction of roads across the state despite the economic status of the state. “It is not easy for a state with less IGR to embark on execution of developmental projects and that’s the reason for my coming to Bauchi today,” he said. “Because of my relationship with the Bauchi State governor and his desire to work for his people, Rivers State government will continue to support him to work for the happiness of the entire citizens of the state.” He congratulated the Mohammed on the achievements recorded in infrastructure and urged him to sustain it for the betterment of the citizenry. In his remarks, the governor, Senator Bala Mohammed said that commencement of the construction of the 11 township roads was an opportunity to demonstrate the readiness of his administration towards promoting the relevance of infrastructural development in the state. He said the roads were carefully chosen based on need and stakeholders consultations at grassroots. PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor,  Nyesom  Wike has  stated that his administration would give the face-lift of Port Harcourt city priority  attention. Flagging off the dualisation of  Oil Mill-Elelenwo-Akpajo road on Friday,  Governor  Wike said that construction of major roads in the state capital would help in… August 21, 2015 In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers  State  Governor,  Nyesom Ezenwo Wike  has  declared  that  the  people  of  Rivers State would not regret voting for  him as his administration  is determined  to rebuild  the  state. Speaking  after inspecting the Abonnema  township  road and  bridge about being completed  in Akuku-Toru  Local  Government … July 30, 2015 In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike has flagged off the construction of the Elimgbu -Rumuewhara-Rumunduru-Eliozu road in Obio/Akpor Local Government Area, with the objective reviving the  collapsed economy of the four communities of Oroigwe clan. Performing the ground-breaking of the road on Tuesday,  Governor Wike… August 11, 2015 In "News"