A Nigerian lady has shocked her boyfriend with a kind gesture by gifting him a box of N40,000 in N1k notes as a birthday present. The story has made some shed joyful tears on social media asking God to bless them with such a woman. The lady by name, Adekemi Iwalewa posted photos of the gift on the platform as she asked ladies what is stopping them from spoiling their men with money.  Her post read: “I helped a customer send this 40k money box to her boyfriend with a very sweet note. What’s stopping you from spoiling your man with money!”She also revealed the story behind the ‘cash gift’ “The real story behind this gift is that there was delay in the actual gift the lady planned to send her man. Fortunately she stumbled upon this on my business page on IG and asked me if I could deliver it even if it was impromptu. Love is sweet abeg” See her post below: I helped a customer send this 40k money box to her boyfriend with a very sweet note  What’s stopping you from spoiling your man with money! I’m just a dm away for all kinds of gift  Please RT! pic.twitter.com/nGmOiYeGWQ Source It appears her mother might be interested in sharing her man with her from the look of things. The busty mother has been sharing bra photos and other questionable contents with her boyfriend. The lady who is based in Port Harcourt, Rivers State wrote her story to a relationship adviser… June 29, 2019 In "Relationship" By Ojonugwa Felix Ugboja ABUJA (Sundiata Post) Stricken by previous heartbreaks, Anita, 36, a well-earning publicist tried to recast herself in the dating world as a woman in need of masculine protection – even more so because a woman’s legitimacy in a patriarchal society like Nigeria lay in her marital… January 12, 2019 In "Features" By Patricia Amogu Abuja - Former U.S. President Barack Obama sent birthday wishes loaded with heart warming praises to his  wife Michelle Obama on her 56th birthday. This was in a love note he shared both on his Instagram and Twitter handles  with a series of photobooth-style pictures, which  had… January 18, 2020 In "News"