By Chiazo Ogbolu Lagos  -A multinational conglomerate, SIFAX Group, has donated some work tools to the Apapa General Hospital in Lagos State, for improved health care services. Mr Olumuyiwa Akande, Group Head, Corporate Communications, SIFAX Group, disclosed this in a statement in Lagos on Friday. Akande said the items included five laptops, six desktop computers and 18 wall fans. He said the donation of the items was in furtherance of the company’s philosophy of supporting critical government institutions. “SIFAX Group believes that without good health, it will be difficult for Nigerians to be productive and make giant strides in their different endeavours. “Our public health institutions are important in delivering this health care and that is the reason we decided to support the Apapa General Hospital to improve the quality of the hospital’s service. “It is also part of our philosophy to give back to society as we know that government cannot single- handedly meet all the needs of the society. `”Corporate organisations and public-spirited individuals have critical roles to play in this regard,” Akande said. Akande quoted Dr Ajibola Keshinro, Chief Medical Director, Apapa General Hospital, as appreciating SIFAX Group for the kind gesture. Keshinro said that the items would upscale the hospital’s capacity to respond well to its responsibilities. “We are deeply grateful to SIFAX Group for the items donated. It is our wish that other organisations will take a cue and support the good work we are doing at Apapa General Hospital. “The computers will especially help our e-health project, an initiative of the Lagos State government, designed to digitalise our operations,” Akande quoted Keshinro as saying. (NAN) Lagos  -   SIFAX Haulage and Logistic Ltd. has received the approval of Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) haulage truck registration team. This was contained in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) and signed by the Corporate Affairs Manager of SIFAX, Mr Muyiwa Akande NAN reports… February 26, 2016 In "News" By Aisha Cole Lagos  -   The Group Executive Vice-Chairman, SIFAX Group, Dr Taiwo Afolabi, has advised the President-General of Maritime Workers Union of Nigeria (MWUN), Mr Adewale Adeyanju and his executives to collaborate with port stakeholders to improve fortunes of the maritime industry. The Corporate Affairs Manager of SIFAX… April 3, 2017 In "News" Lagos   -   SIFAX Group, a multinational corporation with diverse interests in Maritime, Aviation, Haulage and Logistics, has appointed two new executive directors to man key management positions. A statement made available by the Corporate Affairs Manager of the group, Mr Muyiwa Akande on Saturday in Lagos, said Dr… April 16, 2016 In "News"