It has been reported that the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) says it will prosecute present and past corps members found to have participated in the scheme illegally. According to TheCable, Shuaibu Ibrahim, director-general of the scheme, broke the news during the inauguration of the NYSC Anti-Corruption and Transparency Unit (ACTU) by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) in Abuja on Wednesday. Ibrahim said the scheme will not accommodate those who approach it for restitution after deliberately taking part in the programme through “fraudulent means.” The NYSC DG also said persons and organisations/institutions who aided and abetted such fraudulent activities would also be prosecuted. “The management of the scheme has intensified efforts at ensuring that any sort of infringement on the provisions of its enabling laws is prevented through the enforcement of it general operational guidelines,” he said. “Therefore, those who attempt to illegally participate in the programme of the scheme or had participated in the past through fraudulent means will be prosecuted when discovered. “It must also be noted that the scheme will not entertain any request for respite or leniency by those who deliberately participate illegally in its programme and are seeking restitution for their past fraudulent acts. “We will always allow the law to take its course on such matters through the prosecution of such persons and organisations/institutions who aided and abetted them.” Ibrahim called on the newly inaugurated team to discharge its duties with fairness in line with the provisions of the ICPC to rid corruption. He commended the ICPC for initiating the ACTU in every government organisation, noting that such would help promote transparency in institutions. “The conceptualisation of the ACTU as a unit in every government organisation by the ICPC is, therefore, a laudable step at involving other stakeholders in this onerous task,” he added. Source By Franca Ofili Abuja -The Director-General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, said on Wednesday that the scheme would take advantage of its nationwide spread to build a corrupt-free country. Ibrahim said this in Abuja during the inauguration and induction of members of the NYSC Anti-Corruption and Transparency… September 2, 2020 In "Health" By Kadiri Abdulrahman Abuja - National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has offered to collaborate with Independent CorruptPractices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) to intensify the war against corruption. The NYSC Director-General, Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, made the offer in Abuja on Friday when he paid courtesy visit to ICPC. Ibrahim… July 19, 2019 In "News" By Shuaibu Tatu Dankin Gari - The Director-General  (D-G) of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, has warned corps members against involving in cyber crime and other fraudulent acts which could endanger their lives. Ibrahim gave the warning when he paid an unscheduled visit to the NYSC… August 29, 2019 In "News"