The Association of Resident Doctors have proceeded on an indefinite strike in Abuja. The doctors are among those treating coronavirus patients. The strike takes effect from Tuesday September 1. The group conveyed the announcement of their indefinite strike in a communiqué signed by Roland Aigbovo and Mustapha Ibrahim, chairman and general secretary of the association, said they took the decision amid the Coronavirus pandemic due to non-implementation of the variation of the 2018 promotion, the non-payment of the COVID-19 hazard and inducement allowances, among other issues. According to ARD-FCTA, the strike will go on until the issues they highlighted are addressed. The communiqué read; “Due to the insensitivity displayed by the Office of the Permanent Secretary, FCT, and widespread agitations among our members in the various FCT hospitals and isolation/treatment centres, we regret to notify the administration and by extension the general public that the association would embark on an indefinite strike action with effect from 8am, 1st September, 2020, until the payment of the COVID-19 hazard and inducement allowance is received and the variation of the 2018 promotion exercise implemented. “We regret any inconvenience this might cause the Federal Capital Territory Administration and the general public needing healthcare delivery during this period. “We implore the FCT Administration to also look into the other myriads of problems raised in our earlier communication to the administration dated 14th August, 2020, with a view to resolving all pending issues so as to maintain industrial harmony.” Source The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), Abuja chapter, have announced the commencement of an indefinite strike beginning from today March 17th, amidst the Coronavirus pandemic. Rising from an emergency meeting this morning, the doctors in a statement released by its president, Roland Aigbovo, said they deliberated extensively on the health… March 17, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, on Friday in Abuja updated President Muhammadu Buhari on developments regarding the ongoing industrial action by National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ngige was accompanied by Ministers… June 19, 2020 In "Health" LAGOS - Skeletal activities were on Tuesday being rendered in both the Federal and Lagos State Government-owned hospitals in Lagos as the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) embarked on sympathy strike with their colleagues. you may also like Nigeria government revenues fall 2 pct in Feb on low oil prices The… March 24, 2015 In "Health"