By Usman Aliyu Ilorin –   Uncertainty on Monday surrounded the appointment of an Ilorin prince, Alhaji Mahe Abdulkadir as the new Chief of Staff (CoS) to Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that news of the appointment, went viral on social and prominent online media in the country. The media was agog with the report that Abdulkadir had been appointed to replace the former Chief of Staff, Adisa Logun, who died from complications of COVID-19 on July 7. Abdulkadir, a retired Permanent Secretary in the state and son of the immediate late Emir of Ilorin, Aliyu Abdulkadir, is said to be a close ally to the AbdulRazaq family. When NAN correspondent visited the ancestral residence of Abdulkadir on the Princess road in Ilorin, friends, family members and well-wishers, besieged the place rejoicing. Mr Taofik Uthman, who spoke with NAN, said that Abdulkadir had received a letter of appointment and would resume immediately. However, the state government was yet to issue any official statement on the appointment. When contacted, Malam Rafiu Ajakaye, Chief Press Secretary to the governor, urged the public to disregard any information related to government that had not come through official channels. “We have official communication channels. “We urge the media and members of the public to ignore anything related to the government that has not been communicated through such channels,” Ajakaye said. (NAN) By Femi Ogunshola Abuja. -. Some Kwara State Polytechnic Staff, Ilorin, on Sunday criticised the way the Rector and Registrar of the polytechnic were appointed, saying due process was not followed. Mr Jubril Abdullahi, a lecturer and leader of the staff in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja,… June 16, 2019 In "News" By Abiodun Esan Ilorin - The Nigerian Legion, Kwara Council and Corps of Commissionaires, Kwara Command, have congratulated Prof. Ibrahim Gambari and Prof. Muhammed Mustapha Akanbi on their recent appointments. The congratulatory message was contained in a statement issued on Sunday in Ilorin by the Legion Deputy Corps Commandant (DCC)… May 24, 2020 In "Politics" ILORIN - A midfielder with the former Green Eagles and defunct IICC Shooting Stars of Ibadan, Moses Otolorin, on Monday died in Ilorin at the age of 65. One of the children of the deceased, Funke Otolorin, confirmed the incident in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… December 22, 2014 In "News"