Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Electricity Distribution Companies, DISCOs, have petitioned the Bureau of Public Enterprises, BPE, seeking to return the privatized power assets to government over what they considered as undue interference in their operations. The Director, Research and Advocacy, ANED, Mr. Sunday Oduntan, could not be reached, yesterday, for comments But the managing director of one of the DISCOs, who pleaded anonymity, said: “I am aware that the DISCOs have reported the situation to BPE. Many people and institutions have not been fair to the DISCOs. “The privatization of the assets was based on an agreement to be kept by the DISCOs and the government, which still has 40 per cent interest in the companies. “In looking into our operations, the first thing should be to find out the content or details of that agreement. The next thing should to look at the steps taken by all parties to comply. “As far as we are concerned, the DISCOs have done a lot to comply with the terms of the agreement because without such compliance, the privatization would not work. “It is not fair for some authorities to start talking about forensic audit and using alternative options to collect the tariff, which is the major obligation of the DISCOs. “We have reviewed these and other issues severally among ourselves. We have also made our position known to relevant government agencies, including BPE and the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, NERC.” No word from DISCOs on pull-out, says BPE boss In his reaction, the Director-General of the Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE), Mr. Alex Okoh, said that his organisation has not received any communication from the DISCOs to the effect that they want to relinquish the distribution companies. His words: “We are not in receipt of any such communication from any DISCO. “There have been efforts towards transparency in the collection of revenue in the sector  which was why the CBN gave the directive to banks on the collection of electricity revenue. “There are discussions between the DISCOs and relevant stakeholders and these discussions have been constructive.” However, briefing reporters after the weekly Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting in the State House recently, the Minister of Power, Mr. Saleh Mamman, had said whereas Nigeria currently generates 13,000 megawatts of electricity, it transmits 7,000 to DISCOs, while the distribution companies could only distribute 3,000 megawatts to end-users. According to him, DISCOs have continued to demonstrate a show of incapacity, inefficiency and dishonesty in the distribution of power to consumers, despite the huge investments made into the sector by the federal government since the privatisation of the power sector in 2013. DISCOS have failed, says NECAN “As far as we are concerned, this may compel the government to back-pedal on recent actions, especially the forensic audit, which was recommended by Governor Nasir El- Rufai-led Committee and the CBN directive, urging banks  to take over tariff collection in order to recover loans extended to the DISCOs. “The government, which holds 40 per cent in the privatised companies, should not withdraw for some reasons. Nigerians need to know the true state of affairs in the DISCOs. We need to know the number of consumers each DISCO controls. We need to know the amount they generate as tariff monthly. We need to know how these monies are deployed.” The secretary, who noted that the DISCOs had earlier threatened to go to court before taking the BPE option, said: “The DISCOs have failed to live up to the expectation of the public since privatisation. The banks should go ahead to collect the tariff. It is in the best interest of the nation.” Power outage The management of Ikeja DISCO could not react officially yesterday, but an informed source in the company, said: “Under the current arrangement, all customers would not have access to the same hours of power. We extend more hours of service to customers who have the capacity to pay more than others.” CSO cautions FG on policies that can hurt economy Reacting to the alleged decision of DISCO to pull out from the power sector following government’s policies, the Convener, Concerned Nigerians Group, CN, Deji Adeyanju, Sunday, cautioned the Federal Government on policies that might hit the economy badly. Adeyanju said: “The approach of the government is not well thought out. If you look at it people have invested billions in these DISCOs, and government should not do anything that would make people pull out from the country because our economy is so badly hit. Whatever policies government policies show to these investors it will determine how market forces will react.” By Racheal Ishaya Abuja - The Federal Government says its representatives on the Board of Electricity Distribution Companies (Discos) has been increased from one to two, to further supervise activities in the power sector.  The Head of Public Communications, Bureau of Public Enterprises, Mrs Amina Othman in a statement on Monday… July 1, 2019 In "News" By Constance Athekame Abuja - Power Distribution Companies (DisCos) have advocated a Central Bank-funded massive meters roll-out project, to ensure that electricity customers were adequately metered. The DisCos said on Thursday in Abuja that the massive roll-out of meters would assist in the full take off of the proposed Service… July 9, 2020 In "News" Lagos, July 24, 2015 (NAN) Some experts in the power sector on Friday commended Federal Government for taking over the management of Yola Electricity Distribution Company due to lack of service to consumers. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that this would send a strong signal… July 24, 2015 In "News"