By Rita Iliya Minna  – UNICEF and Department for International Development (DFID) has organised capacity building training for 450 education managers in nine Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Niger state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports in Minna on Friday that UNICEF was supporting Niger state in the implementation of eight years Girl Education Project (GEP) which was now in its final phase. The project was currently running in nine LGAs such as Shiroro, Munya, Edati, Gbako, Rafi, Mariga, Kontagora, Agaie and Mashegu. Mr Kolawole Babatunde, UNICEF State Project Coordinator for GEP in Niger, said the training was targeted at school managers involved in school administration supporting and monitoring G4G activities in their school. He said the participants were head teachers, assistant head teachers, quality assurance officers, school support officers and desk officers. He said others were local government school supervisors, education secretaries, SUBEB school supervisors and SUBEB staff. Babatunde said the training would enable participants to ensure children especially girls were enrolled, retain and complete basic education. He added that the training would enable them to incorporate life skills into school activities so as to achieve changed perception and long term societal change in education. Lead Facilitator, Dr Adamu Noma, said participants were being trained on how to instill the spirit of life and skill in their schools especially in girl-child. He said the training would broaden the participants knowledge on how to manage pupils and teachers in their schools. “After going through the 8 modules, participants will understand how to implement basic principles of life into the life of girls on how to manage themselves to get enrolled into school,“ he said. One of the participants, Habiba Zarumai, commended the organisers of the training and said the training had helped them to learn about the basic principles of life for children. (NAN) By Rita Iliya   Mashegu   -      The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), in conjunction with the Department for International Development (DFID) has commenced renovation of 60 schools in six local government areas of Niger state. Mr Francis Elisha, Education Officer, UNICEF Kaduna, disclosed this during field monitoring of the projects… January 17, 2019 In "News" Minna  -  The UNICEF has set a target of attracting additional one million girls to school in five northern states under the third phase of its Girl Child Education Project‎. The Chief Field Office UNICEF Kaduna, Mr Utpal Moitra, stated this on Wednesday at the flag off of the 2015… November 4, 2015 In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - The United Nations Children Fund (UNICEF) in collaboration with the High-Level Women Advocates (HiLWA) on Friday, said that the girl child education was beyond getting girls into schools . Hajiya Hassana Adamu, Chairperson of HiLWA in Niger, who noted this during a press conference to… March 13, 2020 In "Education"