By Rukayat Adeyemi Lagos –   The National Pension Commission (PenCom) and the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to revise regulation on Retiree Life Annuity and guidelines on Group life Insurance policy. Mr Peter Aghahowa, Head, Corporate Communications Department, PenCom said in a statement that the regulation was for employees and Contributory Pension Scheme (CPS) retiree pack. Aghahowa explained that the revised regulations and guidelines provide clarity on the Provisions of the Pension Reform Act (PRA) of 2014 in areas relating to Retiree Life Annuity. He said that they focus on guiding stakeholders to make informed decision, ensure safety of Retiree Life Annuity funds and assets, address concerns of mis-selling and de-marketing by pension and insurance operators . According to him, the guidelines will also bring stability into the financial sector of the economy. ” Today’s landmark event is the outcome of the collaborative efforts of PenCom and NAICOM, ” he said. (NAN) (Sundiata Post) – The objective of the Contributory Pension Scheme (CPS) is met when an employee on attaining the retirement age is able to access his pensions as and when due, as provided in the Pension Reform Act. This does not only give rest of mind to the retiree but… July 26, 2017 In "News" ABUJA -  The Financial Planner, Leadway Assurance Company, Mr Fatoye Paul on Friday in Abuja said 80 per cent of retirees in the country made wrong choice of pension plan. Paul made the assertion in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the sidelines of the… June 13, 2014 In "Business" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Finance) – LASACO Assurance PLC has resumed the underwriting of Annuity policies that would make beneficiaries earn salaries for a certain period after leaving office. The insurer re-commenced Annuity businesses in collaboration with its appointed experts, First Pension Custodian (FPC), having obtained the nod of the… October 31, 2017 In "News"