London  – Arsenal’s Emirates Stadium could once again ring to the sound of chanting fans next month, with the English Premier League club on Wednesday, saying it planned to allow a reduced crowd. Matches had been played in empty stadiums since Premier League’s coronavirus lockdown was lifted in June. But last week, 2,500 fans were allowed into Brighton & Hove Albion’s Amex Stadium for a pre-season friendly against Chelsea. This was after the government announced pilot events for the return of spectators to elite sport. “We hope to be able to welcome supporters back to Emirates Stadium on a reduced capacity basis from the Sheffield United game scheduled for Oct. 3,” Arsenal said. “’When fans return to Emirates Stadium, extra measures will be in place to protect us all. “These are clearly exceptional circumstances and the health, safety and security of everyone is our top priority,” the north London club added in a statement. English FA Cup winners Arsenal, who also claimed the Community Shield last week by beating Liverpool 5-4 on penalty kicks, begin their Premier League campaign at Fulham on Sept. 12. “Gold season ticket-holders and premium members would have priority access to the limited tickets available,” Arsenal said. (Reuters/NAN) By Martyn Herman LONDON  - Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, for all his admirable qualities, has faults. He is not gracious in defeat, he is as stubborn as a mule and he often suffers from selective vision, to name a few. But as the charismatic Frenchman prepares to mark 20 years… September 30, 2016 In "Sports" London - Arsenal returned to action for the first time since the Premier League was stopped because of the COVID-19 pandemic as they beat Charlton Athletic 6-0 in a friendly at an empty Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Premier League clubs were this week given the all-clear to play friendlies ahead… June 7, 2020 In "Sports" By Martyn Herman LONDON   - It will be party time on Saturday when Leicester City play their first game as Premier League champions, but for the clubs they have left in the shade and those fighting relegation there is serious business to attend to. Claudio Ranieri's fantastic Foxes will… May 5, 2016 In "Sports"