By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The FCT Universal Basic Education Board (UBEC) on Friday commissioned the Sick Bay at the Junior Secondary School (JSS) Kurudu donated by the Queen Agnes Foundation, a non governmental organisation. While commissioning the Sick Bay, the Deputy Director, Academic Support Services, Alhaji Bashiru Abubakar, who represented the FCT UBEC, hailed the NGO for the gesture and prayed God Almighty to reward her and empower her to do more for humanity. In his words, “I am here to appreciate the NGO for the donations of the sick bay. I thank them very well for the support given to the school and I am happy to hear from her that this is a pilot project. More are coming to other schools and may God give her the ability to do it as she promised. The Deputy Director who said he do not wish for any student to be sick, urged the school and students to make good use of the facility and protect it because it’s their own property. “We welcome many more NGOs who are ready to partner with us to make sure our children are getting what they are supposed to get, he added. Abubakar while reacting to the demand from the Principal of the school, promised to facilitate the posting of a competent medical personnel to man the Sick Bay. Earlier in her welcome address, the principal of JSS Kurudu, Mrs Talatu Isah said that the idea of the project we are commissioning today came like a joke when the students had a program and their coordinator invited Mrs Thelma. She saw the display of the students and was moved with a passion heart to help. She said the moved passion heart gave rise to why we are gathered here today. The principal who noted that the school fence has collapsed due to heavy rain listed other challenges facing the school to include lack of school hall, Library, toilets, renovation of some classmates, among others. She said that a school without a library is like a wife without kitchen and called for well spirited Nigerians and bodies to come to their aid. Mrs Talatu Isah thanked the UBEB, the school board, staff and most especially the foundation and the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC) for donating equipment for the sickbay. The president of the foundation Mrs Thelma Akinduru, while speaking to newsmen on the sideline, said it was passion for humanity and children that motivated her to do this.  “I visit school to talk to the girls, to sensitize and encourage them and in one of my trips I came to this school and that was where the journey began, she said. On why she chose JSS Kurudu she said: “What actually caught my attention was the play they acted and I got very touched, knowing what they go through. “They have about 200 to 300 girls in this school, they are all house – helps and they are really being taken advantage of by their boss they are staying with. “They use them, they molest them. They acted these play that revealed to me all that they are going through, I was greatly moved so I decided to start wth gift of books for the library. According to her, that program came after covid-19 and the first thing that came to my mind was the health of the children and I asked if they have a sick bay where the children can be treated when they resume school afterwards? I asked what do you urgently need and they said the sick bay was their priority because the health of the children was paramount. “Then I took it upon myself and did the estimate and I was shocked and asked myself if I would be able to do all of this before the students resume. I thank God that today is here Akinduru appreciated the Nigeria Shippers Council for supporting in the realisation of the project through donations of the equipment needed for the sickbay