Jerusalem  – Annual trade between Israel and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) is expected to reach $4 billion, an Israeli minister said on Monday. Israel and the UAE announced in August they would normalise diplomatic relations in a deal brokered by Washington. The UAE has since announced it was scrapping an economic boycott on Israel and officials from the two countries have said they were looking at cooperation in defense, energy, medicine, tourism, technology and financial investment. A number of Israeli and Emirati businesses have signed deals since the normalisation accord was announced. “Within three to five years, trade between Israel and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) will reach $4 billion,” Israeli Intelligence Minister Eli Cohen told Israel’s Reshet Bet radio station. A spokesman for Cohen, Israel’s former economy minister, said the figure was annual and included defence trade. Israeli carrier Israir said on Sunday it had reserved slots for commercial flights from Tel Aviv to the UAE, preparing for potential tourism. The heads of Israel’s two biggest banks will travel to the UAE this month, the first such visits since the countries agreed to normalise relations. (Reuters/NAN) Jerusalem - Israel will participate in the World Expo organised in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), in 2020, Israeli Foreign Ministry said on Thursday. Dubai will host the international gathering under the theme “Connecting Minds, Creating the Future’’ between Oct. 20, 2020 and April 10, 2021. “I welcome the… April 25, 2019 In "Foreign" Amman - Israel’s annexation of parts of the occupied West Bank will ruin any chance for normalisation of ties with Arab states, a senior Emirati diplomat wrote in an Israeli newspaper. Yousef al-Otaiba, the United Arab Emirates’ (UAE) ambassador to Washington, listed possible areas of cooperation between his country and… June 12, 2020 In "Foreign" Jerusalem - The Israeli government on Wednesday announced that they had concluded negotiations on a free trade deal with South Korea. The official agreement is expected to be signed within less than a year. The announcement was made in the presence of the South Korean Trade Minister Yoo Myung-hee and… August 21, 2019 In "Foreign"