By Akeem Abas Ibadan –  The All Progressives Congress (APC), stakeholders in Oyo State have pledged to work together toward building a strong and formidable party in the state. This is contained in a statement signed by Yekini Nabena, the APC Deputy National Publicity Secretary and made available to newsmen on Friday in Ibadan. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the party’s leadership and stakeholders from Oyo State had met on Thursday at the Plateau State Government lodge in Abuja. The statement said that the meeting was aimed at ensuring genuine reconciliation, lasting peace and unity among the stakeholders. The stakeholders assured the Gov. Abubakar Badaru-led reconciliation committee that they were ready to work together toward achieving the desired peace and successes. Present at the meeting was the committee Chairman, Badaru, and other members of the Imo, Ogun and Oyo States reconciliation Committees. The committee members are: Gov Simon Lalong of Plateau, Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State, Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State and Gov. Muhammed Yahaya of Gombe State. On the list of stakeholders from Oyo State are: former Gov. Adebayo Alao-Akala, former Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Otunba Moses Adeyemo, Sen. Teslim Folarin, Sen. Abdulfatai Buhari and Mr Segun Odebunmi. Also present are Minister of Youth and Sports Development Sunday Dare; former Minister of Communication, Adebayo Shittu; Sen. Ayo Adeseun; Sen. Rilwan Akanbi; Sen. Olufemi Lanlehin; and the State APC Chairman, Chief Akin Oke. Others are: Alhaji Fatai Ibikunle; Mojeed Olaoya, Bimbo Kolade, Shina Peller, Dr Yinus Akintunde, Chief Bayo Adelabu, Mr Joseph Tegbe and Mr Zacchaeus Adedeji. NAN recalls that Gov. Mai Mala Buni, the Chairman, APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee had recently inaugurated the reconciliation committee. He said that the committee was inaugurated in line with its mandate to achieve peace building, true reconciliation and give every member a sense of belonging as well as fairness. (NAN)