The business relationship between popular club owner, Obi Cubana, and one of his favourite employees, Cubana Chief Priest, has apparently ended. This was after Cubana Chief Priest reportedly told Obi Cubana that he no longer wants to be part of Cubana Group, which owns several night clubs in Nigeria. Cubana Chief Priest now reportedly runs his own night club named De Angels and located in Owerri, Imo State, where Cubana Group also runs a night club. This has reportedly caused bad blood between him and his former boss, Obi Cubana, who has now unfollowed him on Instagram. The last post made by Cubana Chief Priest on Instagram sees him stating that he needs his freedom after serving so well. “I have served so well and learnt so much. I did so well that history will never forget. I need my freedom. I have to do my own,” he said. Wondering why his decision is creating anger, Cubana Chief Priest said that “a child is meant to grow to be greater than his father and that such should not lead to a fight”. A Child Is Meant To Grow To Be Greater Than The Father/Master, Why You Come Dey Vex ? #CelebrityBarMan Nobody Can Do It Better Than Me Am Doing Destiny, Am Doing The Will Of God, I Have Served So Well N Learnt So Much, I Did So Well That History Will Never Forget, I Need My Freedom, I Have To Do My Own E No Suppose Cause Fight Nah, Well Is Still Love  Forever On This Side, May God Protect N Keep Us #GlenmorangieChiefPriest A post shared by  CelebrityBarMan (@cubana_chiefpriest) on Sep 2, 2020 at 3:17pm PDT Source Controversial celebrity bar man, Cubana Chief priest has reportedly escaped from being arrested after allegedly assaulting a woman in Owerri. He is said to have gone into hiding. According to blogger @Cutiejulz, the incident happened at a bar in Owerri. Read post below: “It’s going down!! Authentic and certified to… August 25, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" •Duncan MightyMusician star, Duncan Mighty, alias Port Harcourt First Son, has been reportedly kidnapped in Owerri, the Imo State capital. “He was beaten and abducted by the gunmen amid gunshots,” according to an Instagram post this morning of Saturday, December 14, 2019, by his friend, billionaire club-owner, Cubana Chief Priest. Duncan Mighty… December 14, 2019 In "Entertainment" Celebrity barman, Cubana Chief Priest advises that nobody should ever manage abuse, disrespect and humiliation as it leads to depression and suicide. Cubana Chiefpriest took to his social media page where he wrote; In anything you do, never you manage Abuse, Disrespect N humiliation it leads to total Uncomfort, depression… May 4, 2020 In "Entertainment"