By Ibrahim G. Ahmad Gusau  –   A former Commissioner for Information in Zamfara during the administration of ex-governor Abdulaziz Yari, Alhaji Sanda Danjari, has defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Danjari who left the All Progressives Congress (APC), was received into the PDP on Wednesday by Gov. Bello Matawalle, at the Government House, Gusau. According to him, the outstanding performance of the governor in the area of security and good governance made him to join the PDP. The former commissioner urged the governor not to relent in providing good leadership to the state and assured that he would contribute towards uplifting the state. In his remark, the PDP State Chairman, Alhaji Ibrahim Mallaha, represented by the Vice Chairman, Alhaji Hassan Damri, said they would continue to mobilise more support for the party. Mallaha said that PDP’s door was open to receive people that would add value to it and the overall development of the state. Matawalle had earlier expressed belief in Danjari’s capacity to contribute to the development of the PDP and the state in general. He said that the party would continue to mobilise more supporters to its fold. (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Zamfara State Governor Bello Matawalle on Sunday led security agencies on an operation against bandits in their bush camps and hideouts near Wonaka town in Gusau Local Government area of the state. The governor was accompanied by his deputy, Mahadi Aliyu-Gusau, heads of security agencies in… June 3, 2019 In "News" By Ishaq Zaki Gusau - Rep. Kabiru Mai-Palace (PDP-Gusau/Tsafe), has launched a multi-million naira empowerment project for 120 women in Tsafe Local Government Area of Zamfara. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the project was launched in Tsafe town with the beneficiaries receiving items like Refrigirators, Grinding and… August 5, 2019 In "News" GUSAU (ZAMFARA) - Former Governor of Zamfara, Alhaji Mamuda Shinkafi, has again emerged the winner of the state's Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship primary election for the 2015 general polls.. The party's governorship primary, which held on Tuesday, was characterised by petitions and complaints where some of the aspirants alleged… December 12, 2014 In "News"