By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja –  The Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, has cautioned Nigerians against relaxing in the observation of necessary protocols as COVID-19 cases drop. The monarch spoke with State House correspondents after a courtesy visit to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Friday at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Ogunwusi said he looked forward to the end of the COVID-19 pandemic and return of normal lives and activities. “No, we cannot relax; it is not possible; COVID-19 is real; we have to keep protecting ourselves. “ We have to be very careful; thank God the Federal Government is looking at how to open the economy the more. “ We should follow the COVID-19 guidelines and we should not relax; but what the government is doing is that they are opening up the economy. “We will continue to live and continue to pray that covid-19 should finally leave us alone so that we will continue with our normal lives and activities.’’ He said that traditional rulers had been doing a lot to guard against community spread as they were closest to the people. According to him, traditional rulers will continue to do more to sensitise the people on what is going on in the world as Nigeria is not an exception. “Some of our people who do not believe in it we have to let them know. “We are very fortunate in Nigeria; the cases are sort of mild; but how many people are coming out for the test? “What is critical is that we have not really had very huge community breakdown, community infections. “ So, we thank God Almighty that has helped thus far and will also give credit to the people in the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19; they have done very well,’’ he said. (NAN) By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, has described the death of the Chief of Staff to the President, Mr Abba Kyari, as shocking and an unfortunate surprise. The Ooni, in a statement issued on Saturday in Ile-Ife by his Director of Media and… April 18, 2020 In "News" By Olajide Idowu Osogbo - Mr Timothy Owoeye, the Speaker of Osun House of Assembly, has saluted the people of the state and Nigerians in general for their collective responsibility in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. The speaker, in his Eid-el-Kabir message to Nigerians and Muslim faithful, congratulated them… July 30, 2020 In "News" The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja II has donated two motorized fumigating machine to Rivers State Government to contain the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic. Presenting the equipment to Governor Nyesom Wike at Government House, Port Harcourt, on Wednesday, the Oba Ogunwusi said they were locally fabricated… June 10, 2020 In "News"