BENIN – The Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, on Saturday vowed to end his predecessor, Adams Oshiomhole’s stay in politics by winning re-election on September 19. Obaseki made the remarks during the closing moments of the Peoples Democratic Party campaigns in Oredo local government area. Obaseki said the election, which is scheduled for September 19, is about contesting with Oshiomhole, who he said has failed to respect Benin people. “As a sitting governor, Oshiomhole decides to pick who will represent me in my House of Assembly. Can you imagine the insult? That was where this fight started,” Obaseki said. “Because he believes, in his own mind, that Benin people are like chickens – when you throw corn, they will run after the corn. “This election is a contest with Oshiomhole. We have dealt with him at the national level, we will bury him politically in this election; because he has no regard for Benin people, he has no regard for us in Oredo, and we will show him that he is nothing.” Obaseki and Oshiomhole were once political allies but fell out, leading to the former’s exit from the All Progressives Congress, the platform on which he won his first term as Governor in 2016. Oshiomhole has endorsed the APC candidate for the forthcoming elections, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. (Channels TV) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor of Edo state and candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Godwin Obaseki, on Saturday, said the sacked national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comr. Adams Oshiomhole, has no regard for Benin people, adding that the former governor likens… September 5, 2020 In "Politics" Adams Oshiomhole, while he was the governor of Edo State, in 2016, portrayed Osagie Ize-Iyamu, as someone who could not be trusted with public funds. Mr Ize-Iyamu was the governorship candidate of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the state’s election that year, and Mr Oshiomhole was campaigning for… June 7, 2020 In "Politics" A chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo State, Okharedia Ihimekpen, has cautioned leaders and members of his party not to underrate the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. Ihimekpen, Monday at an interactive session with reporters in Benin, expressed… July 6, 2020 In "Politics"