Washington –   U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that people voting by mail should go to the polls to ensure their ballots were counted Trump was speaking toa day after controversial remarks in which he suggested voting twice. ““In order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS & IS COUNTED, SIGN & MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible,” Trump wrote in a series of tweets. “On Election Day, or Early Voting, go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). ““If it has, you will not be able to Vote & the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do).” During a visit to North Carolina on Wednesday, the president suggested voters cast ballots twice. “”Let them send it in and let them go vote and if their system’s as good as they say it is they say it is, then obviously they won’t be able to vote,” he told local television channel WCET. Under U.S. law, someone voting more than once could be fined 10,000 dollars or be imprisoned for up to five years. Such an action would also be a felony in North Carolina and other states. Trump has argued repeatedly that mail-in ballots are vulnerable to voter fraud, though there is no clear evidence to support the idea. Many U.S. voters are expected to cast their ballots by mail instead of going to a polling station in the November presidential election due to concerns about coronavirus contagion. (dpa/NAN) I will try to break this down as much as I can. Americans have gone to the polls in what is called Midterm. Some seats become vacant in presidential election years, some in two years. It s staggered so that some people can be campaigning while others can concentrate on… November 9, 2018 In "Social Media Feeds" US president Donald Trump, on Wednesday August 19, urged Americans to disregard mail-in voting and go to the ballot box to vote, declaring "if you can protest in person, you can vote in person". Mail-in ballots is a type of voting system where people can vote from home using mail… August 20, 2020 In "Foreign" KINSHASA    -    Democratic Republic of Congo’s Catholic church said on Thursday it was clear which candidate won the country’s presidential election, and demanded that the electoral commission publish accurate results. The church, one of Congo’s most trusted institutions and representing about 40 percent of its 80 million population, based… January 4, 2019 In "Foreign"