Security operatives comprising military and the police have repelled armed bandits who opened fire on motorists plying the Kaduna-Abuja Road. The incident occurred near Olam Feeds Company on Friday afternoon. The Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan disclosed this to newsmen at the scene of the incident. Citizens who were injured were first treated at Olam Feeds Clinic before they were referred to a specialist hospital for comprehensive medical attention. It was gathered security forces – on ground and air – are pursuing remnants of the armed bandits in the adjoining forest. Kaduna Governor Malam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has been briefed on the development. The Governor praised the security personnel for their uncommon courage and bravery in repelling the armed bandits. El-Rufai, who wished the injured personnel and motorists speedy recovery, also praised medical personnel at the Olam Clinic for stabilising the injured. According to him, the Kaduna State Government will continue to partner with security agencies in the battle against bandits and criminals. The security agencies will give a comprehensive briefing after the clearance operation in the general area. The Nation By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The acting Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, says solution has been found for the notorious activities of kidnappers on the Kaduna-Abuja highway, saying the road is now safe for all travellers. Adamu disclosed this when he briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of security… April 11, 2019 In "News" By Hassan Ibrahim, Kaduna  Armed bandits have killed three persons and kidnapped dozens of people along the Kaduna-Abuja expressway in Kaduna.  A commercial driver plying the expressway, who escaped the attack Jibrin Adamu, told Daily Trust that the gunmen blocked a spot around Olam Farm Monday at 5:30p.m. where they killed three… August 28, 2019 In "Metro" For fear for their lives motorists abandon their lives on the Abuja-Kaduna highway which has become increasingly unsafe in recent times. April 30, 2019 In "Top Stories"