By Ismaila Chafe Abuja –   President Muhammadu Buhari has joined governing party, All Progressives Congress (APC) and Federal Executive Council (FEC) to celebrate with Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Gidahyelda Mustapha, on his 64th birthday, Sept. 4, 2020. President Buhari, in a statement by his spokesman, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Thursday rejoiced with family, friends, professional and political associates of the legal luminary, party stalwart and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. Accordi g to him, Mustapha’s visionary and inclusive leadership style continues to strengthen the governing party and the administration, with remarkable results. The president also noted, with gratitude, his sacrifices and selfless service to the nation for close to four decades. He saluted Mustapha for taking a stand for democracy and good governance at an early age, and working assiduously to raise structures and support causes that project the ideals of a liberal and accommodating nation. He also lauded him for serving in the Constituent Assembly in 1989, working on many committees and heading several government agencies. The president affirmed that Mustapha had provided strong and commendable leadership as rallying point for the Federal Executive Council, and demonstrated high level patriotism by accepting the onerous position of Chairing the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. He, therefore, congratulated him and the team for steadily guiding Nigerians in the midst of health and economic uncertainties. Buhari prayed that the almighty God would continue to strengthen the SGF for greater service to the nation and humanity. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - All Progressives Congress (APC) has hailed President Muhammadu Buhari on his appointment of Mr. Boss Mustapha as the new Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF). The party which informed that the President could not have made a better choice, reminded that… October 30, 2017 In "Politics" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Tuesday, demanded the Federal Capital Territory Administration, FCTA, to prosecute the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, and Chairman of the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19 pandemic, Boss Mustapha. Boss Mustapha allegedly violated the health safety and social restriction directives during the funeral of… April 22, 2020 In "Politics" The All Progressives Congress (APC) has reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s appointment of Mr. Boss Mustapha as the new Secretary to the Government of the Federation. In a statement by the National Publicity Secretary of the Party, Bolaji Abdullahi, the APC commended President Buhari and said it believed he “could… October 31, 2017 In "News"