By Muhammad Adam Mubi ( Adamawa )  –  The Federal Polytechnic ,Mubi, says it now has on its staff 35 PhD holders up from five in 2013.
Dr. Ishiaka Abdurrahman, the Acting Rector of the Institution confirmed this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) in Mubi on Thursday .
Abdurrahman said that the Academic achievement was recorded during the tenure of the immediate past rector, Dr Sadiq Yahya,whose tenure ended on Sept. 5.
NAN reports that Sadiq Yahya was appointed as substantive rector of the Institution on September 13, 2012 and had two terms of four years.
The acting rector noted that in spite of theBoko Haram insurgency the former rector raised the number of student enrollment from 2,500 in the 2014/2015 session to 10,500 students in 2018/2019 academic session.
“Boko Haram , in October 2014, took over Mubi town including the institution until when the town and the institution were completely liberated by gallant Nigerian Army in June 2015.
“ In spite of the insecurity challenges and zero external assistance the institution under the former rector trained and raised the number of PhDs from five in 2013 to 35 by end of 2019.
” Also, the institution has raised its Academic Departments and Programmes from 35 to 46 and 45 to 60 respectively. ” Abdurrahman said.
He pointed out that in line with the federal government existing policy and practice in similar institutions, efforts were made by the management to prepare severance package for the out going rector.
“ The institution’s management in line with contents of Procurement Act has ordered for the valuation of the out going rector’s vehicle by the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing that in line with financial regulations part II Section 2622(b) of the did the evaluation and ordered for payment of fifty per cent of the total sum.
” And the Management at its meeting held on August 13,2020 , considering all the issues mentioned and due to paucity of funds, could not package anything for the outgoing rector “, he said.
He further said that the meeting unanimously agreed that the rector’s official vehicle be disposed of at the rate recommended by the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing.
On the issue of termination of appointments of some staff members raised by the Academic staff Union , the acting rector said that the institution’s Governing Council and Disciplinary committees were responsible for the matter. (NAN)