Milan (Italy)  -Inter Milan forward Alexis Sanchez has said he was ready to end his ill-fated spell at former club Manchester United after only one training session with the Premier League side. Manchester United had signed Chile international Sanchez in January 2018 after he scored 80 goals in three and a half years at Arsenal. But the former FC Barcelona man failed to reach those heights at Old Trafford under both Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with five goals in 45 games. He joined Inter Milan on loan at the start of the 2019/2020 campaign, before the Italian Serie A club signed him permanently on a three-year deal in August. “I accepted the opportunity to go to Manchester United. It felt tempting and it was something good for me … But I didn’t ask for information on what was happening inside the club,” Sanchez was quoted as saying in an Instagram post. “Sometimes there are things that you don’t realise until you get there, and I remember the first training session I had, I realised a lot of things. “After the session I got home and I told my family and my agent ‘can you not rip up the contract to go back to Arsenal?’. They laughed, I told them there’s something that doesn’t sit right, it doesn’t seem good. “But I already signed. I was already there. After the first few months I carried on having the same feeling, we weren’t united as a team in that moment.” Inter Milan, last season’s Serie A runners-up, will visit promoted Benevento in their first match of the 2020/2021 season on Sept. 20. (Reuters/NAN) Alexis Sanchez has joined Inter Milan from Manchester United on a three-year deal, SkySports reports. Manchester United coach Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had said on Wednesday Alexis Sanchez’s move to Inter Milan had been made permanent. Chile midfielder Sanchez, 31, who joined Inter last August after a season and a half… August 6, 2020 In "Sports" Milan (Italy) - Manchester United and Chile forward Alexis Sanchez arrived in Italy on Wednesday ahead of an expected loan move to Inter Milan. Italian media published photos and videos of Sanchez from a car park at Malpensa airport and said he would undergo a medical check. anchez, Chile’s all-time… August 29, 2019 In "Sports" LONDON    - Manchester United have appointed Jose Mourinho as manager on a three-year contract with an option to stay on until at least 2020, the Premier League club said on Friday. The 53-year-old Portuguese replaces Dutchman Louis van Gaal whose two-year reign at Old Trafford ended on Monday when… May 27, 2016 In "Sports"