A three-year-old girl has been raped and murdered in India as part of an on-going feud between rival families, the victim’s father claims. The child who had been missing since Wednesday September 2, was found near her village in the Lakhimpur Kher district, of Uttar Pradesh on Thursday, September 3. Police confirmed that the child had been raped and strangled.  A man has been arrested based on information the girl’s father made available to police. He alleges that the suspect kidnapped and killed his daughter due to an old rivalry. The suspect was reportedly arrested after the police formed four teams to search for him. According to reports, this is the third rape-murder of a minor in the district of Uttar Pradesh in the last 20 days. A 17-year-old, who had left home in order to complete a scholarship application, was found dead near to her village. Her mutilated body was discovered near a dry pond and it’s alleged that she was raped and murdered. A 13-year-old girl was also raped and strangled in the same district. She failed to return after going to her fields and her body was found in a sugarcane field. Source New Delhi - Police on Thursday said that a 23-year-old woman, who was allegedly raped was set on fire while going to court in northern India, and is currently battling for her life. The Police added that the woman in Uttar Pradesh state’s Unnao district was on her way to… December 5, 2019 In "Foreign" NEW DELHI - Maneka Gandhi, India Minister for Women and Child Development, said police in Uttar Pradesh were trying to identify the body of a young woman who had been gang-raped, strangled and defaced with acid. She said on Monday in New Delhi that the 22-year old's body was found… June 2, 2014 In "Foreign" A perverted killer who murdered three family members before having sex with the mother’s corpse was arrested in India on Monday. Nasiruddin, 38, was seized for the murder of a couple and their four-month-old son, who were discovered dead and naked in their home a week ago in Uttar Pradesh.… December 3, 2019 In "Metro"