Orji Uzor Kalu, the Former Abia state governor and Senate chief whip who was sentenced to 12 years in prison has over alleged fraud has disclosed that he would not hesitate to serve as Nigeria’s president if given the opportunity by the electorate. Kalu disclosed this to newsmen after a private visit to former Military leaders, Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida and Abdulsalami Abubakar, in Minna, on Monday, August 31. “I am still in the senate, and I will seek for re-election into the senate but if our people want me to serve as president I will not hesitate. Zoning is not a constitutional matter in APC. Any person can contest any post in APC.” he said. In December 2019, Kalu was sentenced to 12 years in prison after he was convicted for N7.1bn fraud alongside his firm, Slok Nigeria Limited, and a former Director of Finance during his tenure as governor, Ugo Udeogu. The Supreme court on May 8, 2020, upturned Kalu and Udeogo’s conviction on grounds that the presiding judge, Justice Mohammed Idris, lacked the jurisdiction to have presided over their case. He was released from Kuje prison on June 3, 2020. Source By Steve Oko •Orji Kalu The people of Abia-north senatorial district may opt for the invocation of the ‘Doctrine of Necessity’ to seek the removal and replacement of their senator, Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu who is currently in prison. Kalu was last week sentenced to 12 years in prison following… December 10, 2019 In "News" TIME really flies. Nigerians have been without Orji Uzor Kalu for 100 days and only a few noticed. Today marks 100 days of the Abia State former Governor being in jail. He is in the early days of serving his 12-year term. A Federal High Court in Lagos on 5… March 14, 2020 In "News" Former Abia State Governor, Orji Uzor Kalu now senate chief whip has visited the Emir of Minna, Dr Umar Faruq on Monday at his Minna palace, the Niger State capital. Kalu arrived the Emir's palace at about 4:30pm and proceeded immediately for a private meeting with the monarch. Kalu had… September 1, 2020 In "Politics"