By Zubairu Idris  Katsina  -The Katsina State Government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Contec Global Agro Ltd., on Neem seeds production.  Signing the MoU on Tuesday in Katsina, the state Commissioner of Commerce and Industries, Alhaji Muhktar Abdulkadir, said the initiative was in line with the State Government’s commitment to resuscitate ailing industries in the state.  Abdulkadir said that the factory, “neem-pro”, was established in 2007 by late President Umaru Musa Yar’adua, when he was the Governor of the state, but stopped production.  He explained that the factory would assist to create job opportunities for the teeming number of people in the state.  In his remarks, the Managing Director of the company, Mr Thomas Chackunkal, said the factory had the capacity and manufacturing places.  According to Chackunkal, there is the utility section where the factory would try to improve soil capacity, thereby making the state to be organic.  He said that there was also Neem extraction place, where the oil could be extracted from the chemical.  “Katsina neem-pro is the only factory that can extract chemical from the oil.  “The chemical is the world’s best organic pesticide, even Europe, USA and Canada are using this to kill bacteria in agriculture,’’ he said.  The managing director said that the factory would assist creating job opportunities for people in the state.  “We are ready to take care of Neem trees available in the state, and we will encourage planting of more Neem trees because it gives more oxygen to human beings.  “We will organise farmers to collect seeds and will buy from them; we will also give them small equipment to use, that will also add more value to the seeds,’’ he said.  He said the factory would also set up a laboratory where soil samples would be examined to find out the type of fertiliser suitable to a particular type of soil.  Chackunkal said the company would also have a tissue testing laboratory where banana tissue would be multiplied to give more yields to farmers.(NAN)