By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State)  – Mr Igbekele Akinrinwa, the new Executive Chairman, Okitipupa Local Government Area (LGA), of Ondo State on Wednesday tasked the council workers on cooperation with his administration and dedication to duty.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that Akinrinwa of the All Progressives Congress (APC), was elected in the Aug. 22, LGA elections held across the 18 LGAs of the state.Akinrinwa, in his resumption speech said that his performance as the helmsman of the council would depend solely on the tact, workers cooperation with his administration and dedication to duty.He also promised the workers and residents of the council of dividends of democracy and that the resources and funds of the council would be put to judicious use.“I promise to be efficient, transparent and accountable to ensure, in all my dealings as the Chairman, development of this council to the benefit of all.“I am not here to witch-hunt, humiliate or sideline anyone but want your cooperation and dedication to duty which are important for me to succeed,” Akinrinwa said.He also thanked the residents of the council for giving him the mandate saying that it was an opportunity to serve them well promising that he would not disappoint them.He, however, thanked Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu for his doggedness in conducting the council polls amidst the COVID-19 pandemic and paucity of funds urging all residents to return the governor at the Oct. 10 polls. (NAN) By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - The Caretaker Committee Chairmen of the 18 local government areas of Ondo State on Friday sought the support of a business mogul and politician, Mr Jimoh Ibrahim, for re-election of Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. Akeredolu is the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC)… July 24, 2020 In "News" By Remi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) -   Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Tuesday promised to use every administrative process to reconnect the sothern part of the state, that had been in darkness for a decade, to the national grid. He made the promise while addressing stakeholders at… September 11, 2018 In "News" By Aderemi Bamgbose Ilutitun (Ondo State) - Abayomi Adesanya, the Caretaker Chairman of Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State, on Monday intervened in the face off among members of the Ilutitun branch of National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW). Adesanya said at the meeting he convened that he… December 30, 2019 In "News"