By Awayi Kuje  Akwanga (Nasarawa State)  – Sen. Godiya Akwashiki (APC – Nasarawa North) has urged Nigerians to be wary of fraudsters luring them to make certain payments so as to benefit from a Federal Government agriculture loan. Akwashiki said, in a statement on Tuesday, in Akwanga that fraudsters have been luring people to make certain payments as “registration” and “processing fees” for such agriculture loan to be given to them through his office. The senator, who is the Chairman, Senate Committee on Employment, Labour and Productivity, urged the people to disregard such information, as “it is not true’’. “It has come to my attention that some mischievous elements are using my name and office to defraud innocent and unsuspecting members of our constituency. “They are luring the people to make certain payments as “registration” and “processing fees” for a federal government agriculture loan to be given to them through my office. “I have authoritatively gathered that quite a number of people have been defrauded already and the lies about the loan, which is non-existent, are spreading fast like wildfire. “I hereby clarify that there is no such loan from my office,’’ he declared. According to him, the fraudsters had gone further to create a Facebook page with his pictures and are using it to perpetuate their dastardly acts. “I want to make it clear that any information that purports to come from my office or me, especially those relating to giving of money or anything at all, should be jettisoned. “I or my office will never ask people to make any payment for any assistance or social intervention programme that we initiate. “I encourage our people to always verify information from authentic sources before subscribing to it. “Be sceptical of anything requiring payment of money for some assistance until all due diligence is observed.’’ For emphasis, the senator said people should run away “from anything or anyone that requests money or any form of gratification from you for anything at all in my name or the name of my office’’. He added that he would never do such a thing. Akwashiki also assured the people of the constituency of his continued determination to key into positive policies and programmes that would have a direct bearing on their lives. The senator called on the people to continue to support government policies and programmes in order to enjoy more dividends of democracy. Besides, he urged Nigerians to live in peace, be law-abiding, respect constituted authorities and tolerate one another for development to thrive. (NAN)