According to The Nation, two National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) members of batch B 2019, Miss Ilori Ayotola Deborah and Mr. Ilozumba Patrick Chiagozie have gained automatic employment in Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) for their outstanding performance during their one- year mandatory service. The corps members also bagged ministerial award in recognition of their immense contributions to rural communities, especially during the peak of COVID-19 pandemic. FCT Minister of State, Dr. Ramatu Aliyu, commended them for exhibiting what she described as “consciousness and selflessness” during their one year mandatory service. According to a statement on Sunday by her Special Assistant Media, Austine Elemue, the Minister said: “Nobody will hear about you if you choose to carry out your normal duties but you must do extraordinary things to be treated extraordinary. “The Governing Board finds you worthy for this honour, and I have no doubt in my mind that you deserve this award after listening to your citations. “You are indeed outstanding. When I listened to the citation of Ilori Ayotola Deborah, I was really proud of a young beautiful lady who is selfless and committed to duty. “The administration will therefore continue to appreciate those who have worked harder to promote the unity of this country. “The period of youth service, ushers you into a completely new environment, new culture, new faces to cohabit with and understand and learn from each other. “Once again, we appreciate you for your outstanding performance and to inform you that there is always a space for you in the FCT Administration. “We are waiting for your response because you must make FCT proud and I will be the happiest person to see you among those that will be receiving the presidential award. “The two corps members, if interested should be engaged in the services of FCT Administration and I believe that it will encourage other corps members to stand-out”. Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Monday approved automatic employment for NYSC award winners not yet employed in batches 2012, 2013 and 2014, and has also given automatic scholarships to those who want to proceed immediately to acquire their masters and doctorate degrees levels. He made the announcement… March 2, 2015 In "News" By Peter Uwumarogie Gombe - The Gombe State Government, on Thursday offered automatic employment to Two outstanding National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members as eight others were honoured with the state merit award. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the corps members are: Aisha Saba-Yabagi from Niger with… March 5, 2020 In "Politics" By Yashim Katurak Abuja - The Minister of FCT, Malam Mohammad Bello, on Friday inaugurated a 700 capacity hostel at the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) Permanent Orientation Camp, Kubwa, Abuja. The minister inaugurated the facility at the Opening Ceremony of the 2019 Batch ‘A’ set of corps members posted… March 29, 2019 In "News"