Following the viral video of Salvation Ministries head pastor, David Ibiyeomie verbally attacking ace Radio broadcaster, Daddy Freeze and calling him a bast*rd for “insulting” Living Faith Ministries General Overseer, Bishop Oyedepo, Nigerians have taken to social media to react .In the video which was shot during the last service of the church on Sunday September 6, Ibiyeomie, who grew up as a pastor under Oyedepo, explicitly warned Daddy Freeze to stop insulting Oyedepo or he will deal with him. The visibly angry Ibiyeomie also called Freeze a bast*rd, and said the OAP is from Somalia and has no father. Ibiyeomie further placed a curse on the day Freeze was born. He added that he is going to get Freeze arrested if he continues insulting his ‘daddy’ Oyedepo. “You can’t have a father and insult a father. He also said ‘no right thinking son will sit down and watch someone insult their father’ Ibiyeomie said. Nigerians have now reacted to the video. See Some Reactions Below; Source Daddy Freeze has reacted to the video of a Salvation Ministries member, who testified about testing negative for coronavirus after coming in contact with the Italian man who tested positive for coronavirus in Nigeria. According to man who testified at Salvation Ministries, he and others tested negative for coronavirus after… March 17, 2020 In "News" Popular Cool FM OAP, Daddy Freeze has revealed that it’s actually a suit filed by Nollywood actress, Iyabo Ojo, that is keeping controversial blogger, Kemi Olunloyo, behind bars after she got bail from that of Pastor David Ibiyeomie of Salvation Ministries. Recall that Kemi, a US trained journalist, was remanded… April 4, 2017 In "Entertainment" Controversial Media personality, Daddy Freeze, has come under attack following the arrest of Hushpuppi. A video on Thursday went viral on social media showing Daddy Freeze sometime in 2019 dining with Hushpuppi and his gang who are currently being charged for allegedly defrauding over 1.9 million victims to the tune… June 26, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds"