By Yakubu Uba Maiduguri  -Federal Government has donated assorted food items for distribution to 26,067 households who were victims of Boko Haram insecurity and floods in Borno.Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Farouq, said this on Sunday while briefing the state Deputy Governor, Alhaji Umar Kadafur in Maiduguri.Farouq said was in Maiduguri to also discuss the immediate humanitarian needs of the state. “I am here on behalf of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and members of the National Humanitarian Coordination Committee (NHCC), to discuss the immediate humanitarian needs of your state. “I will also like to use this opportunity to applaud the efforts of the State Government in providing food and non-food items to its vulnerable population; as well as your willingness to work with and support Humanitarian stakeholders providing humanitarian interventions in your state. “Your Excellency, we have noted and are aware that due to the recent restriction of movement to curtail the COVID-19 pandemic and inaccessibility of communities due to floods and insecurity; vulnerable persons, especially the IDPs, may require further support in terms of basic necessities including food from federal government,” Farouq said. The minister said the food items included 26,067 bags of 12.5kg rice; 26,067 bags of 25kg beans; 26,067 bags of 12.5kg maize/millet; 1,304 bags of 20kg salt 2,607 – 20L kegs of vegetable oil 4,345 cartons of seasoning cubes and 2,173 cartons of tin tomatoes. She urged the state government to provide the necessary information required to enable the Nigerian Air Force to the drop food and non-food items in locations that were inaccessible due to insecurity and floods in the state. Responding, the Kadafur thanked federal government for its sustain support to the state, and assured of the state commitment towards continued collaborate in the area of providing humanitarian services to the people. (NAN) Abuja - The UN Resident Coordinator, Ms Fatma Samoura, has assured the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) by the Boko Haram insurgency that their sufferings would soon become a thing of the past. Samoura told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Abuja that the UN was doing everything… May 3, 2016 In "News"  October 11, 2018 Similar post New York - The UN Officer for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), Mr Stephen O’Brien, has allocated 31 million dollars from the Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) to support humanitarian partners in Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin region. This is contained in a statement issued by Mr Jens… January 12, 2016 In "Foreign"