The All Progressives Congress has said contrary to misgivings in some quarters about its commitment to fulfilling its campaign promise of restructuring the country, steps so far taken by the President, Muhammadu Buhari towards the implementation the report of 2014 National Conference and the report of the Nasir El-Rufai-led APC committee on true federalism was enough proof that restructuring has begun. This was contained in the September edition of the in-house monthly magazine of the APC, The Progressives. The piece was titled, ‘Calm Down! Restructuring has begun’ and the e-copy of the magazine was accessed on Monday. According to the party successive administrations had wasted billions of taxpayers’ money to hold national conferences with the reports and recommendations of such conferences not implemented. The publication said unlike previous attempts which yielded little or nothing, Buhari has taken steps to implement part of the recommendations of the 2014 National Conference as well as those of the 2017 Governor Nasir El-Rufai-chaired APC committee on True Federalism, which came out with far-reaching recommendations. It said President Buhari has implemented recommendations including poverty reduction and social inclusion as well as economic diversification. “With these aforementioned fundamental reforms being introduced into the nation’s polity already in place, and with many more still in the pipeline, Nigeria under President Muhammadu Buhari is on the path of an irreversible political and economic rejuvenation. To the advocates of restructuring, calm down, the exercise has begun in earnest.” The publication added. Source YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) - The Governor of Baye­lsa State, Henry Ser­iake Dickson, on Thu­rsday led a high pow­ered delegation of Ijaw leaders to former President, Dr. Goo­dluck Jonathan to deliberate on the comm­ittee of the All Pro­gressives Congress Committee (APC) on Re­structuring. Jonathan, the govern­or and the top Ijaw leaders… February 1, 2018 In "Local News" *Demand implementation of 2014 confab report *States autonomy by December 2017 ABUJA - The Southern Leaders Forum has handed Acting president, Yemi Osinbajo, an ultimatum, to inform the zone of the Federal Government’s plans to protect Southerners residing in the North, against the backdrop of an October 1, 2017 deadline… July 10, 2017 In "Top Stories" Abuja- The Social Democratic Party (SDP), on Tuesday in Abuja endorsed the candidature of President Goodluck Jonathan in the Feb. 14 presidential election. The National Publicity of SDP, Dr Abdul Isiaq, said this at a news conference in Abuja. He said that the party reached the decision following the report… February 3, 2015 In "News"