Barcelona midfielder, Frank De Jong, has come out to say that the team currently is in chaos. The biggest shock according to the midfielder is the transfer request handed to the club by the ace attacker, Lionel Messi. Since the club’s 8-2 defeat to Bayern Munich in the champions league, series of unfortunate events have been happening in Barcelona. Manager Quique Setién was sacked and replaced by Ronald Koeman, most of the playing squad have been put up for sale and there have been calls for president Josep Maria Bartomeu to resign. De Jong said in an interview that with all these series of events, it is a very strange time to be a Barcelona player. “Currently it’s a mess in Barcelona, so many strange things are happening. It’s chaos,” the midfielder confessed. He said further that he has not spoken to Lionel Messi about it but it would be a big blow to Barcelona if he eventually has to leave the club. Unlike many other Barcelona players, De Jong has been branded untouchable in the squad. New Barcelona manager, Ronald Koeman is eager to use the 23-year-old as the core of his midfield like he did with the Netherlands national team. The Nation Barcelona (Spain) - FC Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic has criticised his club for their recent treatment of him and for trying to force his departure last year. The Croatian has been at Barca since 2014 but has fallen out of contention this campaign due to the arrival of Dutch midfielder… April 13, 2020 In "Sports" Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane has responded to growing transfer rumours that Barcelona legend, Lionel Messi, could leave the club after this season. Messi has been at Barcelona since he was 12 and has won every laurel in club football while at the club side, but disagreements with head coach… July 3, 2020 In "Sports" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki - Ebonyi soccer fans have stated that Barcelona’s 2-8 massacre by Bayern Munich might signify the end of its dominance of world football alongside its Captain, Lionel Messi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Barcelona FC of Spain was humiliated 2-8 by Bayern Munich… August 15, 2020 In "Sports"