A fan has tackled Big Brother Naija housemate, Ozo over his conduct with fellow housemate Nengi. The Twitter user has predicted that if Ozo wins the money, he is likely to give it all to Nengi because of the manner he has been acting like someone who lost his senses to her. According to @Jaiyee, Ozo loves Nengi too much and he might end up giving her a ridiculous portion of the money (if he wins)… just because of the way he feels about her. The tweet reads: If Ozo wins this 85m, him go dash Nengi 84.996m use 4k Uber go yard. Below are some reactions to the tweet ; Osakwe wrote: That guy and mumu come hand in hand. Tbh if this is how love or whatsoever can make a man lose guard, omo me no go like fall in love. Jaiyee wrote: The guy don go o! Na the whole 85m him go give Nengi sef. But Nengi Na nice person she go give am the 4k make him no trek. Omordia wrote: I told my brother this yesterday. If he wins, all Nengi has to do is rub his head and ask for 80M he will give her Others however had a contrary opinion: If Ozo wins this 85m, him go dash Nengi 84.996m use 4k Uber go yard. That guy and mumu come hand in hand. Tbh if this is how love or whatsoever can make a man lose guard, omo me no go like fall in love. Nah…. Once he steps out of the house, eyes go clear. If Ozo wins this 85m, him go dash Nengi 84.996m use 4k Uber go yard. Source Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemates, Dorathy and Nnegi are currently trending on Twitter and this is after the current Head of House, Ozo, picked one the ladies as his deputy. After emerging as the winner of the Head of House games, Ozo picked Dorathy as his deputy as many predicted… August 4, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" Big Brother Naija lockdown housemate, Nengi, expressly told Ozo not to mistake their closeness in the house for a ''relationship''. In her words "I hope I am not giving you the wrong signals'' Ozo has always fancied Nengi and has been on her case for a while. During one of… August 20, 2020 In "Entertainment" Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment"