Erica, a Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, has packed her bags, ready to go home today. This is after she broke major Lockdown house rules. Among several house rules Erica, who is the current Head of House broke yesterday include threatening to kill fellow housemate, Laycon outside the house. She also poured water on the Head of House (HoH) bed in order to stop Prince who is her deputy from sharing the lounge with her. She also used the word ‘vote’ while discussing with Kiddwaya. She had said she hoped that the viewers vote out Laycon because he is manipulative. Erica ranted all through the night and admitted that her actions will see her disqualified from the reality TV show today. And in a viral video, the Abia-born housemate could be seen arranging her bags being helped by Trickytee. For Erica she knows it’s game over unless Biggie says otherwise. Watch the video below: Erica, a Big Brother Naija Lockdown housemate, has packed her bags, ready to go home today. This is after she broke major Lockdown house rules. Among several house rules Erica, who is the current Head of House broke yesterday include threatening to kill fellow housemate, Laycon outside the house. She also poured water on the Head of House (HoH) bed in order to stop Prince who is her deputy from sharing the lounge with her. She also used the word ‘vote’ while discussing with Kiddwaya. She had said she hoped that the viewers vote out Laycon because he is manipulative. Erica ranted all through the night and admitted that her actions will see her disqualified from the reality TV show today. And in a viral video, the Abia-born housemate could be seen arranging her bags being helped by Trickytee. For Erica she knows it’s game over unless Biggie says otherwise. see the video below: #Erica completely packs her bags, now she's ready to leave #lockdown house …just like that… #BBNaija #bbnajia2020 #BBNaijia2020 pic.twitter.com/0cF9tLTfa9 The very many fans of Big Brother Naija reality show have called for the disqualification of Erica over death threats against Laycon. Recall that Erica who already has two strikes from previous offenses threatened to kill Laycon outside the house. The Abia born stressed that she will make sure Laycon… September 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija housemate, has apologized over her actions after the Saturday night party which ignited a round of controversy and condemnation. It will be recalled that the female housemate bodyshamed Laycon after she accused him of lying about her trying to kiss him. She also poured water… September 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" Erica, a Big Brother Naija, BBNaija 2020 housemate, on Sunday morning caused drama in the house. It all started after Erica confronted Prince for not taking her side while she hurled insults at Laycon. Erica expressed regret choosing Prince as deputy head of house, describing him as an assh*le’. She… September 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"