A 29-year-old woman from Chala Location in Nkasi, Rukwa region in Tanzania was on August 25 fatally stabbed in the neck by her husband after receiving funds from another man through her phone. Tabitha Mwanyanje, a primary school teacher, and her 30-year-old spouse, Frank Garimoshi, had quarreled before the incident, with the suspect accusing his wife of infidelity. The couple’s neighbour, Safina Kambeu, told Tanzania’s Global Publishers that the two had, of late, gotten into unending marital dispute over claims that Mwanyanje was cheating on her partner. “The husband set several traps on different occasions, but none caught his wife cheating on him,” said Kambeu. Rukwa region police boss, Justus Masejo, said Mwanyanje’s killing happened at 4pm following a quarrel over money sent to the deceased’s phone by another man. “After receiving the mobile money message, Garomoshi began accusing his wife of soliciting funds from her paramour. A resultant argument between the couple ensued. Garimoshi, during the melee, reached for a kitchen knife and stabbed his wife several times in different parts of her body, including the neck, consequently killing her on the spot,” said Masejo. Upon learning that Mwanyanje had died, Garimoshi attempted suicide by stabbing himself in different parts of his body. “His suicide attempt was unsuccessful,” said Masejo, adding: “We arrested and took him to hospital. Once he is out of danger, we will charge him with murder and attempted suicide.” Source A 60-year-old man, Yikatey Somatey, has been arrested for killing his wife at Gando near Nyanyema, a suburb of the Sawla-Tuna Kalba District of the Savannah region in Ghana after he accused her of having affairs with another man. The suspect accused his wife, Bora Bonbiatey 57, of cheating on… May 20, 2020 In "Metro" Police in Bugweri District, Uganda, are hunting for a man who hacked his wife after accusing her of having extramarital affairs with another man. The incident occurred on Wednesday at Butende village in Ibulanku Sub County where the suspect hacked his wife Ziriya Nankwaga several using a panga. According to… July 13, 2019 In "Metro" “My wife pushed me into adultery,’’ Mr Bello Abudu, a 42-year-old technician, told an Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Thursday. Abudu, whose wife, Blessing, sought the dissolution of their marriage, accusing him of infidelity, told the court while responding to the allegation that his wife pushed him into adultery… June 27, 2019 In "Relationship"