By Chinyere Omeire Lagos  – A 48-year-old businessman, Adedotun Adeboyejo, on Friday appeared at an Igbosere Magistrates’ Court in Lagos accused of obtaining N2.9 million under false pretences.Adeboyejo, whose residential address was not given, is standing trial on a four-count charge bordering on fraud and stealing.He pleaded not guilty to the charge spreferred against him by the police.Earlier, the prosecutor, Sgt. Cyriacus Osuji told the court that the defendant committed the offences on Dec. 12, 2019, at about 3:30 p.m., at No. 12, Wole Ariyo St., off Admiralty Way, Lekki Phase I, Lagos.Osuji said that the defendant fraudulently obtained the sum of N2.9 million from the complainant, Miss Kaodi Ugogi, under the pretext of supplying Spanish Acrylic Awning to her, but failed to do so.“The defendant converted the money to his personal use after failing to supply the products to the complainant.“The defendant also conducted himself in a manner likely to cause breach of the peace by threatening to terminate the life of the complainant,” Osuji said.According to the prosecutor, the offences contravened Sections 56, 168 (d), 287 and 325 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015.Counsel to the defendant, Mr C. J. Onah, urged the court to grant bail to the defendant on liberal terms.The Magistrate, Mrs A. O. Erinle, granted him bail in the sum of N1 million with two sureties in like sum.She ordered that the sureties must be gainfully employed and must submit statement of bank account covering six months to the court.Erinle adjourned the case until Oct. 8 for mention. (NAN) Moronke Boboye Ikeja - A businessman, Victor Ogunjobi, 53, who allegedly obtained N10.2 million under false pretences, on Thursday appeared before an Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on a three-count charge. The defendant, who resides at 4, Cole St., Surulere, Lagos State, is facing charges of conspiracy, obtaining by false pretences… November 7, 2019 In "Metro" By Deborah Akpede Ikeja - A 46-year-old businessman, Ibrahim Abubakar, on Tuesday appeared before an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court in Lagos charged with obtaining N1.2 million from a customer he promised selling a car to. The defendant, a resident of Abule-Egba in Lagos State, is being tried for conspiracy, obtaining money… January 14, 2020 In "Metro" By Funmilola Gboteku Lagos - A 33-year-old clearing agent, who allegedly obtained N1.5 million from a businessman on the pretext of clearing three vehicles for him, was on Monday brought before an Apapa Chief Magistrates’ Court, Lagos. Daniel Eromosele, who resides at Mafoluku area of Lagos, is facing a two-count… March 18, 2019 In "Metro"