By Auwalu Yusuf -Birnin Kudu Bauchi  – The Bauchi State Government says it will partner with the NEXIM Bank to fast track economic diversification of the state in areas of processing, export of solid minerals and agricultural produce. Gov. Bala Mohammed made this known during the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), between the state government and management of the bank on Friday in Bauchi. He said the government was committed to opening new economic frontiers for socio-economic development of the state. According to him, the state has a lot of mineral resources such as granite, gypsum and many others. He said the time of relying on oil revenue was over, hence the need to diversify the economy for prosperity and development. “We are pleased and have accepted the conditions outlined in the memorandum,” he said. Mohammed said that the institutional frameworks to be applied in actualising the dream were to involve specialists, other relevant ministries and departments in the project. He warned that the money to be realised from the MoU was not a political largesse. “We must ensure judicious utilisation of the resources for effective implementation of the programme,” the governor said. Earlier, Malam Abba Garba, the Managing Director and Chief Executive of the NEXIM Bank said the bank’s mandate was promotion and financing of non-oil exports. He said the MoU was expected to have an inclusive participation of all shades of people like farmers in agriculture and the solid mineral sector. “We give support to governments to actualise their vision,” he said. Garba said the bank provides the minimum facility of N1billion on any exportable commodity for those who patronised its services. “We will make Bauchi to appear on the export value chain. “We are fully committed to the development of value chain on mineral resources through our presence in Northeast,” he said. (NAN) Abuja  -  The Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM), has provided funding totalling N50 billion to businesses and new economic projects in the country between August 2009 and December 2015. The bank’s Acting Managing Director, Mr Bashir Wali, made the disclosure on Thursday in Abuja when he paid a courtesy visit to… March 24, 2016 In "Business" SOKOTO - The Nigerian Export Import Bank (NEXIM) said it had disbursed about N92.5 billion as loans to exporters since its inception in 1991. Managing Director of the bank, Mr Roberts Orya, stated this on Wednesday in Sokoto at the opening of a two-day Exporter Enlightenment Forum organised by the… June 18, 2014 In "Business" By Ayinde Olaide Abdulsaheed Bauchi - The Bauchi State Government on Wednesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding with MaxAir, an airline, to provide daily commercial air transport services between Bauchi and Abuja. Speaking after signing the MoU in Bauchi, the state Gov. Sen. Bala Mohammed, represented by his Deputy, Sen.… November 13, 2019 In "News"