Former Abia State Governor, Orji Uzor Kalu now senate chief whip has visited the Emir of Minna, Dr Umar Faruq on Monday at his Minna palace, the Niger State capital. Kalu arrived the Emir’s palace at about 4:30pm and proceeded immediately for a private meeting with the monarch. Kalu had arrived Minna, the ‘power’ state on Monday at exactly 2pm alongside political friends, associates and retinue of aides. Before meeting with Emir Faruq, Senator Orji Kalu had met privately with General Abdusalami Abubakar, former head of state. The meeting with Abubakar was preceded by an hour-long meeting with General Ibrahim Babangida, former president at his Minna residence. Speaking on the reason for his visit to the Emir of Minna, Senator Kalu who described the visitation as “private”, said he was at the palace to see his “brother”, Emir Faruq. Many people believe the visitation is not unrelated with the 2023 presidential election. Kalu had earlier stated that if he is called to serve, he will not hesitate at a time he recently was released from prison following a supreme court judgement. He had been sentenced to prison term for allegedly stealing billions of naira while serving as Governor of Abia state.  Source •Senator Orji Uzor Kalu Dee Kalu, There is nothing Igbos hate as when they find out that one of their own is playing a saboteur. And once they brand you a sell-out, it is very difficult for them to forget or forgive you. When you are on the side of… June 13, 2020 In "Opinion" A political association, Igbo for President Solidarity Group, has suggested 11 politicians from the South-Eastern states that are “qualified to be presented as presidential candidates in 2023 general elections”. The president of the association, Dr. Olukayode Oshiariyo, announced the names after the meeting of the congress in Abuja on Friday,… August 29, 2020 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - THIS is a classic instance of the instability of human conditions. At the age of 20, he had become a millionaire at a time the naira was worth more than the dollar. At 26, he became the youngest Nigerian to receive the National Merit Award during… December 14, 2019 In "Top Stories"