Rivers Governor, Nyesom Wike, has called on the Federal Government to stop playing politics with the fight against the coronavirus pandemic. The governor said to defeat the pandemic, all the tiers of government must work together insisting “the nation does not need the nature of politics being played by the Federal Government and her agencies at this time when coronavirus is ravaging the world”. A statement signed by Wike’s Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Simeon Nwakaudu, said the Governor spoke on Thursday when he received the new Rivers State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Joseph Mukan at the Government House, Port Harcourt. The Governor said: “There must be a collaboration to fight the coronavirus pandemic. NCDC is building laboratories in Lagos, Ogun and Kano, without building in Rivers State. “This is a state that is exposed to several foreign and local visitors with no single Federal Intervention. “When oil companies write to change crew, we insist on knowing the coronavirus status. If they continue to politicise COVID-19, Nigeria will suffer it.” The Governor recalled that when he demanded support from the Federal Government, many people called for his head. “But the Northern Governors and the Kano State Government has demanded for assistance. Initially, the Kano State Governor criticized the Federal Government over lack of support. When the support came, he said the Federal Government is doing well. If they also support Rivers State, we will also commend the Federal Government,” he said. The Governor urged the police and other security agencies to work with the new taskforce to properly secure the boundaries. He said that every container coming into the state with essential products, must be physically examined to stop unauthorized persons from entering the state. Wike said that whoever on transfer to the state would get the support of his administration. New Rivers Commissioner of Police, Mr. Joseph Mukan, said his mission was to provide security for the state.He commended the Rivers State Government under the leadership of Wike for providing the right support and logistics for security agencies to secure the state. He said: “The logistics on ground is like what is in Lagos. All logistics support are on ground. My predecessor has laid a solid foundation, but I will surpass that. I will lead by example and carry my men along.” The Nation