By Awayi Kuje  Jenkwe (Nasarawa State) – Member representing Obi II Constituency at the Nasarawa State House of Assembly, Mr Luka Iliya – Zhekaba, on Thursday distributed face masks and hand sanitisers to his constituents as preventive measures against coronavirus (COVID-19). Iliya-Zhekaba (PDP), who is the Chairman, House Committee on Housing and Environment, also called on the people to adhere strictly to all directives aimed at curtailing the spread of the virus. The lawmaker while flagging off sensitisation campaign on COVID-19 in Jenkwe, Obi local government area, said the move was to ensure his constituents are well educated in order to stay safe. According to him, some of the preventive measures against Coronavirus were regular washing of hands, avoid touching of the face, social distancing, maintaining personal hygiene, among others. “I am here to officially flag off the sensitisation campaign on the preventive measures against Coronavirus known as COVID-19. “This is to complement government efforts to reach every nook and cranny of my constituency towards curtailing the spread of the disease in the country,” Iliya-Zhekaba said. He promised to continue keying into good policies and programmes that would have direct bearing on the lives of people of the constituency and the state at large. Responding, paramount ruler of the area, the ‘Zhe Migili’, Dr Ayuba Audu, thanked the legislator for embarking on the campaign towards tackling the pandemic in the country. The first class traditional ruler assured the legislator of his traditional council’s readiness to continue sensitising its subjects on the preventive measures of the pandemic. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the legislator took the campaign to the five electoral wards of the constituency which include Gidan Hausa I, Gidan Hausa II, Kyakale, Gidinye and Duduguru respectively. Highlight of the campaign include distribution of hand sanitisers and masks to the people as well as demonstration on how to use them, by the member and his aides. (NAN)