The Minister of Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Bello has revealed that many COVID-19 patients have refused to be evacuated to treatment centres in the nation’s capital. Bello said the FCT administration will invoke the relevant laws that enable it to mandatorily evacuate recalcitrant COVID-19 patients to isolation centres. This was one of the decisions taken following a meeting of the FCT COVID-19 Emergency Response Team and the FCTA Management. The meeting was chaired by the FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello and had in attendance the Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, the Permanent Secretary, Sir Chinyeaka Ohaa the Ag Secretary of the Health and Human Services Secretariat, Dr Mohammed Kawu, the Director of Public Health, Dr Josephine Okechukwu, heads of the various sub committees of the Response Team and other senior Staff of the Administration. According to a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Anthony Ogunleye, the minister said: “Following the submission by the Response Team that some Covid-19 positive individuals were refusing to go to treatment centers and instead preferred to treat themselves in their homes, the FCT Minister expressed dissatisfaction with this development and said existing laws will be used to force such persons to go to treatment centers explaining that their staying at home posed great risks not just to their families but also immediate communities. “Since we have begun to witness community transmission of the virus, it is imperative that we must do everything within our power to stop the spread even if we have to compel such persons to go to treatment centres. “In order to prevent further spread of the virus within the communities, it was resolved that massive testing will be carried out in areas where community transmission has been established, including Mabushi, Gishiri and Utako. “The Response Team also encouraged all residents to wear face masks when outside in the public and also encouraged them to make their own face masks from cloth and wear them always. “The Hon. Minister thanked all the frontline workers in the fight against the virus and called for the cooperation of all residents of the Territory in the fight by obeying all laid down measures which include observing social distancing, constant hand washing, observing stay at home directives and maintain respiratory hygiene. “The meeting also reviewed the current situation of the COVID-19 pandemic in the FCT and the measures taken to contain it. So far, a total of 263 staff made up of 66 doctors, 103 nurses, 9 pharmacists, 15 laboratory scientists and 70 other staff have been trained while 337 others are slated for training which is on-going in batches”. The Nation •Malam Muhammad Bello, FCT Minister ABUJA - Following the outbreak of Coronavirus outbreak in Abuja, the Minister of Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Malam Muhammad Bello, has ordered the closure of shops in markets and neigbhourhood centres to traders across Abuja. Bello explained that the measure was to help tackle the… March 25, 2020 In "News" •Malam Muhammad Bello, FCT Minister ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Administration will any moment from now discharged seven coronavirus patients who have been receiving treatment at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital, Gwagwalada. This follows the complete recovery of the patients. The Minister of FCT, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello,… April 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello (middle), Chairman, FCT League of Imams, Dr Tajudden Adigun (left) and Chairman, FCT CAN, Dr Samson Jonah (right) at the meeting of the FCTA with religious leaders in the FCT. ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) says it is working with religious… March 30, 2020 In "Metro"