By Ariwodola Idowu  Ado Ekiti  –  The Ekiti Government says all is set for the release of “low risk” inmates of the Ado Ekiti Correctional Centre to further curtail the spread of COVID-19 in the state. The Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in the state, Mr Olawale Fapohunda, made the disclosure to newsmen on Monday in Ado Ekiti. Fapohunda said Gov. Kayode Fayemi had directed the ministry of justice to immediately convene a meeting of the state’s Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy to that effect. “The governor is concerned about the possible impact of COVID-19 in the Ado Ekiti correctional centre. “He has, therefore, directed that additional measures be taken to decongest the facility,” the attorney general said. He noted that persons in detention were particularly vulnerable to COVID-19 outbreak. “The step will not only help protect the prisoners, but also the staff of the correctional centre, lawyers and others who provide support to the facility. “The Ministry of Justice will compile a list of identified prisoners for the consideration of the meeting of the Advisory Council on Prerogative of Mercy slated for Wednesday, April 15, 2020. “We will focus on prisoners on pre-trial detention for minor or low risk offences,” he said. Fapohunda said the ministry would collaborate with the Nigerian Bar Association, the National Human Rights Commission, Legal Aid Council as well as Civil Society Organisations working on prisoners’ rights in the exercise. The commissioner for justice added that the measure was to ensure that no deserving inmate was left behind. (NAN) Ekiti State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Wale Fapohunda, said on Wednesday that the state governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, had approved the translation of laws in Ekiti State into Yoruba Language. Fapohunda said the laws to be translated included the bill for the establishment of Amotekun Corps and Ekiti… February 19, 2020 In "News" An Ekiti State High Court sitting in Ado-Ekiti, on Thursday, handed a 55-year-old man, Bashiru Adeyanju 14 years prison sentence. It was gathered that the man had attempted to rape of his daughter. Justice Monisola Abodunde sentenced the convict without an option of fine. The court, which found Adeyanju guilty… February 28, 2020 In "Metro" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - The Controller, National Correctional Centre, Kaduna State Command, Sanusi Danmusa, says the command is no longer admitting new inmates into the center.In an interview with the news Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Kaduna, the controller said it was part of measures put in… April 3, 2020 In "News"