A popular English magician, Dynamo has tested positive for Coronavirus after experiencing “severe symptoms”. The 37-year-old TV star who suffers from both Crohn’s disease and arthritis has been self-isolating for over two weeks after getting a persistent cough and aches and pains all over Dynamo, whose real name is Steven Frayne revealed the news in a Twitter video, telling fans: “Hi guys, hope you’re all keeping safe and well. It’s been a bit of a rough couple of weeks so wanted to give you an update. As you know I’ve had some health issues over last few years and underlying conditions make this virus particularly dangerous and very real. “I’m incredibly relieved to be over the worst of it but wanted to let you all know what’s been happening. Please take this virus seriously and remember that by staying home, you are protecting so many others.” “Hey guys. Over the last few weeks I’ve experienced symptoms such as a persistent cough and lots of aches and pains. I self-isolated for just over two weeks and took any necessary precautions. “I was advised to take a private test. I appreciate that’s not a possibility for everyone. The decision was made by me and my team for a number of reasons. Firstly, because of my existing health issues and the fact I’m on immuno-suppressive therapy, I’m at high risk.” He went on: “Secondly, although I haven’t had a fever, my symptoms have been quite severe. And finally, so that I was able to inform those I’ve been in contact with so they can take their own relevant precautions. “I’ve had my results back now and unfortunately, I have tested positive for COVID-19. This illness can effect anyone, it doesn’t discriminate and it can present itself in many different ways.” “We’re all genuinely at risk. Now touch wood, my symptoms have been gradually decreasing day by day and I’ve been feeling better. Hopefully I’m through the worst of it and I’m staying positive. “But if you’re watching this, please stay at home. Keep away from others, protect yourselves, your loved ones, the NHS. “And the keyworkers out there – the incredible NHS, the doctors and nurses, the porters, the people keeping food on the shelves. And those working hard to keep our communities going. “I think I speak on behalf of everyone out there when I say thank you so much for the incredible work you’re doing. You’re genuine heroes and you’re in all of our hearts right now – thank you for everything you’re doing. “People, please stay at home, stay safe and thanks for watching this video,” he added. Watch the video below: hi guys, hope you’re all keeping safe and well. It’s been a bit of a rough couple of weeks so wanted to give you an update. As you know I’ve had some health issues over last few years and underlying conditions make this virus particularly dangerous and very real… 1/2 pic.twitter.com/9Y6A1cJ4Ib