A Zaka businessman in Zimbabwe suffered gun wounds after three unidentified armed assailants stormed his homestead and shot him. Zaka district is located about 87 km from Masvingo city. Reports reaching iHarare have revealed that the armed thugs stormed, businessman Ashton Mutyoro’s residence on Sunday at around 4am. Before one of the thugs opened fire, reports have emerged that he called out Mutyoro’s name, accusing him of snatching someone’s wife. Mutyoro who rushed to check on the disturbance was shot on the left thigh. The robbers then ransacked the house and managed to get US$20, R600 and an unknown amount of bond notes before making an escape. The gunmen then got into their getaway vehicle, a Honda Airwave and fled the scene. Unfortunately for one of the thugs, he was intercepted by police just after the escape. According to the Masvingo Mirror, police had already been pursuing the robbers for some time. The publication was not aware where the other two criminals had gone at the time of the interception. Police are still investigating the matter. After noticing the police vehicle, the armed assailant fired several shots towards police before making a u-turn but his efforts at escape in the getaway vehicle were disastrous. The car overturned after he failed to negotiate a turn into another road. The suspect fled leaving his car on the scene and police managed to recover his phone plus some of the stolen money. Sources said that the suspect’s wife phoned from Chiredzi and this is one of the leads that the police is pursuing. However, it is not clear whether the wife snatching allegations are true as no comments have been received as yet from the complainant who is currently admitted at Musiso Mission Hospital. Source iHarare.com According to Vanguard, the Delta State Police Command have arrested a member of an armed robbery gang at new Eku Road, Amukpe, Sapele Local Government Area, after he was wrestled by a female victim. Sources said luck ran out of the armed robbery gang who have been terrorizing the area… August 20, 2019 In "Metro" A former governorship aspirant in Akwa Ibom state, Okon Iyanam, is dead. He was shot dead by unknown gunmen on Monday night at his hotel in Mowe, Ogun state. Victor Iyanam, a former attorney general in Akwa Ibom state, and the elder brother to the late politician and businessman, confirmed… June 28, 2018 In "News" Seven people have been killed after an eleven-man gang of robbers attacked a branch of First Bank in Idoani, Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State. The robbers reportedly stormed the town this afternoon, shooting sporadically and broke the bank’s security doors with an explosive device. The bank is said… April 9, 2019 In "Top Stories"