By PAMELA EBOH, Awka The Commissioner for Health in Anambra State, Dr. Vincent Okpala, on Monday announced that 29 persons, made up of health workers, relations and business associates of the COVID-19 index case in the state have been traced and quarantined. Addressing journalists in Awka, Okpala revealed that it took the COVID-19 response team seven hours from Friday night to the wee hours of Saturday morning to get the index case after the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) contacted the State Government to reveal that a case had been registered in Anambra State. He said: “I went with the team to places I ordinarily would not go at that time of the night, and I knocked on a lot of doors to wake people up from sleep to ask about the individual. “Contact tracing is on vigorously, and we have 29 persons who are contacts of the index case, and they include medical personnel at the hospital where he was being previously managed, his relatives and business associates. Those traced are being closely monitored now.” The commissioner said the hospital where the case was previously treated has been fumigated, and people should feel free to use the facility. Source: News Express •Governor Willie Obiano By PAMELA EBOH, Awka The Anambra COVID-19 index case has accused the State Government of trying to kill him. The man, who spoke in a telephone interview with News Express, expressed disgust that the State Government picked and dumped him in an isolation centre without food, care or… April 13, 2020 In "News" There is tension in Anambra State following the alleged disappearance of the coronavirus index case, The Nation reports. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced on Friday that Anambra had recorded a confirmed case. Since then, fear has gripped residents as the index case was said to have visited… April 12, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government says there is no new case from 61 contacts of the index case of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country, NAN reports. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, at a media update on COVID-19 in Abuja on Friday, said the contacts had been monitored since the announcement of… March 6, 2020 In "Health"