LONDON – British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been moved to intensive care in hospital after his coronavirus symptoms “worsened”, Downing Street has said. A spokesman said he was moved on the advice of his medical team and is receiving “excellent care”. Mr Johnson has asked Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab to deputise “where necessary”, the spokesman added. The prime minister, 55, was admitted to hospital in London with “persistent symptoms” on Sunday. A No 10 statement read: “Since Sunday evening, the prime minister has been under the care of doctors at St Thomas’ Hospital, in London, after being admitted with persistent symptoms of coronavirus. “Over the course of this afternoon, the condition of the prime minister has worsened and, on the advice of his medical team, he has been moved to the intensive care unit at the hospital.” It continued: “The PM is receiving excellent care, and thanks all NHS staff for their hard work and dedication.” Chancellor Rishi Sunak said his thoughts were with the prime minister and his pregnant partner, Carrie Symonds, and that Mr Johnson would “come out of this even stronger”. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer described it as “terribly sad news”. Mr Johnson was initially taken to hospital for routine tests after testing positive for coronavirus 10 days ago. His symptoms included a high temperature and a cough. Earlier on Monday, he tweeted that he was in “good spirits”. Last month, the prime minister’s spokesman said if Mr Johnson was unwell and unable to work, Mr Raab, as the first secretary of state, would stand in. (BBC) By Agency Report Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been moved to intensive care in hospital after his coronavirus symptoms worsened, Downing Street has said. A spokesman said he was moved on the advice of his medical team and is receiving excellent care. Mr Johnson had asked… April 7, 2020 In "Foreign" The Prime Minister of Britain, Boris Johnson has been admitted in hospital for tests, 10 days after testing positive for coronavirus, Downing Street has said. According to BBC, he was taken to a London hospital last night with “persistent symptoms” – including a temperature. It is said to be a… April 6, 2020 In "Foreign" London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was remaining in isolation on Friday as he still had mild symptoms of the coronavirus including a high temperature seven days after he tested positive for the virus. “Although I’m feeling better and I’ve done my seven days of isolation, alas… April 3, 2020 In "Foreign"