A 35-year-old Brazilian man has been arrested on suspicion of battering at least three homeless people to death in Barcelona during Spain’s lockdown. The man was detained in Sant Cugat del Valles on the outskirts of the Mediterranean coastal city, police said. He was arrested just hours after a homeless person was found murdered in the centre, Catalonia’s regional police force the Mossos d’Esquadra said. The dead body showed signs of a violent death and was found ‘in the same area where other deaths of the homeless were recorded in recent weeks,’ a force spokeswoman added. The man had suffered a blow to the head, as did the other two suspected victims, news radio Cadena Ser reported. Police said they had identified the suspect with the help of descriptions provided by witnesses and security camera footage. Joan Carles Granja, the officer in charge of the investigation, told a news conference: ‘The way this person behaved did not leave his victims any way to defend themselves. The violence was excessive and gratuitous. ‘These homicides on the streets of homeless people have ended,’ he added. The man, who has not been named, was previously arrested for theft in Zaragoza, around 155 miles west of Barcelona. ‘He was a bit incoherent, we don’t rule out that he has some mental problem,’ Granja said. The streets have been largely deserted since the government imposed a lockdown on March 14. Residents are only allowed outside only to go to work if they can’t work from home, to buy food and medicine and to briefly walk their dog. Like other Spanish cities, Barcelona established shelters for the homeless during the lockdown but many have preferred to continue to live on the streets. Four homeless people have been killed in Spain’s second city since March 19. Three were murdered in the last two weeks and all suffered blows to the head. Local media said one of the deaths was linked to a fight between homeless people. Spain has so far seen 232,000 cases of coronavirus – second only to the US – and almost 24,000 deaths, behind only Italy. The country is set to announce easing its lockdown strategy today, including announcing when bars and restaurants may be allowed to reopen. It comes after children were allowed to go outside the home this week for short walks, after previously banning them from leaving the house for any reason. Source: Dailymail.co.uk