By EricJames Ochigbo  Abuja – The Deputy Chief Whip, House of Representatives, Rep. Nkeiruka Onyejeocha, has urged security agencies and task forces enforcing the stay at home order to treat Nigerians with dignity and respect. In a statement on Friday, Onyejeocha said that it was needless to stop people from getting infected by the novel coronavirus by harassing and shooting at them. Her statement came amid increasing reports of manhandling and high handedness by some security personnel in the social media. Onyejeocha said that there was need to enforce the law with a human face as some of the citizens could have genuine reasons to come out of their homes. The lawmaker urged government at all levels to ensure that more people, particularly the poor, had access to laboratory tests for the Covid-19. Onyejeocha, who commended the efforts of government in combating the virus, demanded more action in the provision of basic amenities like electricity and water. According to her, the amenities are even more essential now that everybody is forced to stay in their houses as measure to contain the pandemic. The lawmaker, who represents Isuikwato/Umunneochi Federal Constituency of Abia, urged constituents to remain vigilant and to observe all guidelines issued by the government for safety. She stressed the need for constant hand-washing, observing basic hygiene principles, social distancing as well as the use of alcohol-based hand sanitisers. The legislator said that the measures put in place were to stem the tide of transmission and infection by the virus. She urged Nigerians to cooperate with health authorities and to remain at home where restriction orders on movement had been issued. Onyejeocha warned against self-medication, saying that symptoms of the COVID-19 ailment should be reported to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). The rep said arrangements had been made for the distribution of foodstuff, hand sanitisers, facemasks, gloves and other medical items for constituents to ameliorate the burden occasioned by the stay at home order. (NAN)