By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja  –  An Abuja-based Indian firm, Tulsi Chanrai Foundation, has donated 1,000 cartons of noodles to the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) to support its efforts to cushion the effect of sit-at-home on the vulnerable. Chief Executive Officer of the firm, Mr Shravan Kumar, presented the items to the FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, on Friday in Abuja. Kumar said the donation was to support those at the “bottom of the pyramid” who were mostly affected by the lockdown in the nation’s capital. He also stated that the firm had developed a support package aimed at ensuring an efficient, effective and impactful response to the COVID-19 pandemic. He explained that the package would be distributed with the support of the FCT administration’s personnel. “Controlling the COVID-19 pandemic is a mammoth task and involves some painful decisions. “Tulsi Chanrai Foundation is doing its bit to support the nation at this time of great need and offer help to the FCT Administration to succeed in fighting back the threat of the pandemic. “We at TCF are supporting food distribution, increasing awareness via printed handouts on how to control the spread of the disease and providing medicated soap to vulnerable households adversely affected by the measures instituted to control further spread of the pandemic in and around the FCT,” he said. He also said that each carton of indomie noodle contains a pack of milk and soap, adding that the interventions were critical change agents as they give the vulnerable a sense of self-control over their lives. Responding, Aliyu noted that Tulsi Chanrai foundation had demonstrated social responsibility to the Nigeria populace, especially in the areas of primary healthcare, safe drinking water and eye care services. She said that the firm’s response in the fight against COVID-19 in the nation’s capital would not be forgotten in a hurry. The minister also promised that the items would be taken to the vulnerable households in rural communities. Aliyu thanked the organisation for the gesture and called on other corporate bodies to do the same as government was doing everything possible to overcome the situation. (NAN)