A Nigerian man was on Wednesday arrested during a birthday party he organized in Istanbul, Turkey. According to reports, despite the lockdown and social distancing orders in the country, Ebuka John still found a way to organize a party for his child. The police were, however, tipped off and they busted the event. Ebuka and four Turks who helped him organize the party were taken into custody and dragged to court. His 46 guests, mostly Nigerians, were given administrative fines and sentenced to 3-month house arrest. Lockdown: Nigerian man arrested for holding a party in Turkey . . A Nigerian man was on Wednesday arrested during a birthday party he organized in Istanbul, Turkey. . . According to reports, despite the lockdown and social distancing orders in the country, Ebuka John still found a way to organize a party for his child. . . The police were, however, tipped off and they busted the event. Ebuka and four Turks who helped him organize the party were taken into custody and dragged to court. . . His 46 guests, mostly Nigerians, were given administrative fines and sentenced to 3-month house arrest. A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Apr 23, 2020 at 3:46am PDT Source Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele is back and she is spreading the word on the importance of maintaining social distancing in the fight against Coronavirus. Earlier this month, Funke Akindele got into trouble after throwing a house party to celebrate her husband JJC Skillz birthday with over 20 people in attendance,… April 20, 2020 In "Entertainment" •Funke Akindele LAGOS - The Lagos State Police Command has arrested Funke Akindele for hosting a party in contravention of the lockdown order in Lagos State, The PUNCH can confirm. The Lagos State Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, told The PUNCH that the actress had been taken to the State… April 5, 2020 In "News" Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele has explained why her husband celebrated his birthday which led to social gathering amidst coronavirus pandemic. The star actress and her producer husband JJC Skillz early Sunday morning came under heavy bashing from Nigerians on social media. The backlash that trailed the celebrity couple was due… April 5, 2020 In "Entertainment"