A heavily pregnant nurse who tested positive for Covid-19 has died after doctors managed to save her baby. Mary Agyeiwaa Agyapong, 28, passed away on Sunday after undergoing an emergency caesarean to deliver her daughter at Luton and Dunstable hospital. The little girl has been named after her mother, according to an online fundraising page set up by friends, and her husband is currently self-isolating after being tested for Covid-19. According to reports, CEO of Bedfordshire Hospitals NHS Foundation, David Carter, sent an internal email to staff saying Ms Agyapong was a “wonderful young woman who made a huge contribution” and that the survival of her baby daughter was a “beacon of light at this very dark time”. “It is with great sadness that I can confirm the death of one of our nurses, Mary Agyeiwaa Agyapong, who passed away on Sunday 12th April,” Mr Carter said in an official statement. “Mary worked here for five years and was a highly valued and loved member of our team, a fantastic nurse and a great example of what we stand for in this Trust. “She tested positive for Covid-19 after being tested on 5th of April and was admitted to the hospital on the 7th April. Our thoughts and deepest condolences are with Mary’s family and friends at this sad time.” In a GoFundMe page set up for Ms Agyapong’s family – which as of last night had raised more than £58,000 – friends wrote that the 28-year-old nurse was “a blessing to everyone she came across”, adding: “Her love, care and sincerity will be irreplaceable. “I am raising this funds for her immediate family; her husband, AJ and her baby girl little Mary, who was born at the time of her demise. “It is humane for us to take care of them in every way we can during this heavy and trying time. “You will forever be in our hearts Mary. Your memories are still with us and we will cherish them forever until we meet again. “We will forever miss you.” Another colleague wrote: “She deserves her family to be looked after, after she devoted her life to the NHS as a nurse. “It’s time to look after our own and return the selflessness persona Mary carried and give something so small, but so big to her family in this time of need.” According to reports, the nurse worked at the hospital until at least March 12 when she was in her third trimester and cared for patients on a ward where Covid-19 victims are now being treated. But the hospital said it did not have any coronavirus patients before she took maternity leave. It is therefore believed that she contracted the virus in the community, rather than the hospital. A campaign group which aims to protect the legal rights of mothers described her death as a “tragedy”. Telegraph.co.uk There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health" By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos - The Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, says it has placed three of its health workers on isolation after their contact with a patient who died of COVID-19. Dr Ibrahim Mustafa, the Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee (CMAC) of LASUTH, made this known to the… April 5, 2020 In "Health" A pastor and traveling musician who claimed that the coronavirus pandemic was the result of “mass hysteria” from the media has died from the deadly virus. 66-year-old Landon Spradlin from Gretna in Virginia, passed away this week at the Atrium Health Cabarrus hospital, in Concord, North Carolina, after teasing positive… March 28, 2020 In "News"