By Aminu Garko Minna  –   Former Military President, Ibrahim Babangida, on Sunday enjoined Christian brethren to use the Holy period of Easter to pray for the country in its efforts to contain the COVID-19 pandemic.Babangida also urged Muslims to use the month preceding the holy month of Ramadan to pray fervently for Allah’s mercy and reprieve in the circumstances we find ourselves for continuous prayers to curb the spread of coronavirus in the country.In a statement signed by Babangida himself and made available to News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) in Minna, the former president also commended the efforts made by the governments at all levels to curb the spread of the disease.He said that the political commitment demonstrated by the federal and state governments in the efforts so far made toward managing the spread of the scourge in the country was commendable.” Although the numbers keep rising, the situation is still being kept at manageable levels within the limits of our health care system,” Babangida said.He, however, said that the gains needed to be sustained with enforcement of appropriate and consistent social distancing prescription for effective prevention of further spread of the pandemic.He called for more synergy between federal and state governments to curb the spread of COVID-19, especially in states where majority of citizens lived with attendant implications for flattening the curve,increasing testing capacity and reduce the pains.” We have lesson and experiences of China, Taiwan and other countries to benefit from,”he said.” There is no room for blame game now but concerted support by all Nigerians in the ongoing fight against the spread of the disease.” I commend with due regard to the professional display and wonderful efforts of our frontline medical personnel for their patriotism, resilience, sacrifice and commitment to this fight of eradicating covid-19″, the former president said.He saluted the courage of individuals , groups and corporate entities for supporting governments at various levels.He also commended government officials for the various palliatives geared toward alleviating the excruciating pains associated with the lockdown.” We all have our roles to play collectively and there is need to observe all recommendations of NCDC and adhere strictly to directives of government on basic hygiene” Wash your hands frequently with soap under running water, avoid touching your face & high-contact surfaces and also avoid gatherings and physical contact thus Practice social distancing to prevent the spread of the COVID-19. (NAN) By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -   The National Chairman of PDP, Prince Uche Secondus, has urged Nigerians to use the period of Easter to reflect on the situation in the country and pray for the survival of Nigeria’s democracy. Secondus made the call in an Easter message issued by his… March 30, 2018 In "Top Stories" Minna- Two former Heads of State, Gen. Ibrahim Babangida (rtd) and Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar (rtd), on Friday urged the citizenry to support the Federal Government in its efforts to win the war against insurgents. The two former leaders made the call after joining others to perform the two Rakaah Eid-el-Fitri… July 17, 2015 In "News" Following the outbreak of Coronavirus pandemic ravaging the world, the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Ekiti State Chapter has decided to cancel the usual church procession and services to mark Easter celebration. The Christian body’s Chairman, Rev. Father Peter Olowolafe who made this known in a statement signed in Ado-Ekiti… April 10, 2020 In "News"