Six houses were affected on Saturday in an explosion that rocked Dumez Street, on Benin-Auchi Road, Eyean, a suburb of Benin City in Ikpoba Okha Local Government Area of Edo State, The Nation reports. Residents scampered to safety but no life was lost in the incident. The explosion, as gathered by our reporter, took place at No. 4, Dumez Street with the impact felt in five other houses in the neighbourhood. Some policemen quickly rushed to the area to prevent looting by hoodlums and confirm what led to the incident. One of the landlords in the area, Pastor David Iginua, whose house was also affected by the explosion, revealed that he heard the bang, which shattered the window panes of some of the houses. He also stated that neighbours claimed the owner of the mostly affected house, “a well-known bomb maker, was testing one of the bombs in a well, when the explosion suddenly occurred.” It was also gathered that men of the nearby Aduwawa police station were informed of the explosion and responded quickly. They reportedly inspected the area and arrested a man while operatives of the Edo Police Command’s anti-bomb squad later arrived to ensure that everything was all right. Edo Commissioner of Police, Lawan Jimeta, confirmed the explosion on phone. He said investigation by officers and men of his command was ongoing. Source By PATRICK OCHOGA There was confusion at Dumez Street, off Benin Auchi Road, Eyean, Benin City following an alledged early morning bomb explosion that rocked the area. It was gathered that the explosion occurred at No 4, Dumez Street while its devastating impacts were visible in about six houses in… April 11, 2020 In "News" There was pandemonium in front of the private residence of the Gombe State Governor, Alhaji Ibrahim Dankwambo, following an explosion that targeted a police armoured personnel carrier stationed there. The residence also serves as the governors’ official residence. Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaji Abdullahi Jalo,… July 5, 2014 In "News" Palpable fear on Saturday gripped residents of Ado-Ekiti, the Ekiti State capital as explosion suspected to be bomb rocked buildings on the premises of the old governor’s office. The old governor’s office located at Oke Ori-Omi area of the Ado Ekiti metropolis is where the Ministry of local government and… February 8, 2020 In "News"