A new study has shown that the presence of testicles makes men more vulnerable to Coronavirus. According to a preliminary report posted on MedRxix, researchers in India followed recovery of 68 patients in Mumbai to study the gender disparity of the virus and Dr. Aditi Shastri, an oncologist at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, and her mother, Dr. Jayanthi Shastri,a microbiologist at the Kasturba Hospital for Infectious Diseases in Mumbai have now revealed that the virus attaches itself to a protein that occurs in high levels in the testicles. According to the study, Coronavirus could linger in men’s testicles as the virus bonds with proteins in the body that are found in the lungs, intestine, heart and also the testicles explaining why the disease is more prevalent in men than women. According to the study, COVID-19 binds with cells that express the ACE2 protein, or angiotensin converting enzyme 2 which is less prevalent in ovarian tissue. If it is less prevalent in ovarian tissue but more present in testicular tissue then that means COVID-19 has an extra place to reside in men according to the study. Dr. Aditi Shastri and Dr. Jayanthi Shastri in a statement said; “These observations demonstrate that male subjects have delayed viral clearance,” ‘High expression of ACE2 RNA and protein in testes leads to the hypothesis that testicular viral reservoirs may exist and play a role in viral persistence, and should be further investigated by larger clinical studies ” the authors wrote, adding that the testicles may be serving as reservoirs for the virus. A Professor of Virology from the University of Reading, Ian Jones, also told Daily Mail: ‘Men generally do worse than women in immunological outcomes, possibly the result of only one X chromosome, and I think that this imbalance is more likely behind the differences seen.’ Source Researchers have found shocking similarities between the Wuhan coronavirus and HIV and Ebola. These mutations suggest the virus is manmade. Remember all those "crazy" stories about COVID-19 leaking from a Chinese lab? Well, they might actually be true. | Image: Handout / National Institutes of Health / AFP The novel… March 4, 2020 In "Health" According to a joint study by researchers from multiple Chinese universities, the new coronavirus has split into two distinct strains, with one appearing to be far more aggressive. This new discovery could hinder attempts to develop a vaccine, as researcher at Peking University’s School of Life Sciences and the Institut… March 6, 2020 In "Health" Preliminary results from government lab experiments show that the coronavirus does not survive long in high temperatures and high humidity, and is quickly destroyed by sunlight, providing evidence from controlled tests of what scientists believed — but had not yet proved — to be true. A briefing on the preliminary… April 19, 2020 In "News"