By Lucy Ogalue Abuja  –  The Nigerian Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) says its members are in need of palliatives from government, since 95 per cent of them are informal workers and do not earn salaries. Mr Kabiru Ya’u, the Acting General Secretary of the union told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Monday. He reiterated the union’s commitment to supporting the Federal Government’s effort to curtail the spread of the deadly Coronavorus (COVID-19) in the country. According to Ya’u , the union has directed all its members to observe the lockdown, except for some staff in the finance department who will provide skeletal services when needed. He said : “Only skeletal operations are done in some States where lockdown is not imposed. Interstate operations is mostly down. “The union will cooperate with government in whatever way possible to eradicate or mitigate the impact of Covid-19 nation wide. “We are also in need of palliatives from government, especially since 95 per cent of our members are informal workers and do not earn salaries.” Ya’u said that measures had been taken by the union to curtail spread of the virus and there was no reported case of coronavirus outbreak in any motor park across the country. He said the union was also working on contingency plans to prepare for any unknown outcome that may arise. (NAN) By Yinusa Ishola Offa (Kwara) - Few hours to the commencement of Kwara Government’s 14-day total lockdown directive in Offa, residents are rushing to stock their homes with foodstuff and other household goods. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) who monitored the situation on Wednesday reports that… April 8, 2020 In "Metro" By Femi Ogunshola Abuja - The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has called on federal and state governments to urgently provide safety kits and palliatives to journalists to enable them to do their work effectively in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. The NUJ National President, Mr Chris Isiguzo, made the… March 28, 2020 In "News" By Dorcas Jonah Abuja - Mr Segun Ogunyannwo, Registrar, Institute of Chartered Mediators and Conciliators (ICMC), has called on the Federal Government to impose 21 days nationwide lockdown to ensure proper tracking and treatment of persons with COVID-19. Ogunyannwo, also the Chief Executive Officer of ICMC, made the call on… April 2, 2020 In "News"