By Nnamdi Mbawike Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Operatives of the Inspector General of Police Intelligence Unit have arrested a Chieftain of the All Progressive Congress (APC), in Enugu State , Nwanjoku James Okugo over his alleged social media comment on the Coronavirus status of the Foreign Affairs Minister, Geoffrey Onyema It was gathered that Okugo, who is the Youth Leader of the APC in Enugu West Senatorial Zone was whisked away from his father’s palace in Oduma last Friday. Onyema had earlier accused the APC Chieftain of publishing a false information against him and his personnel assistant, Mr Flavour Eze in the social media to the effect that they were infested with the deadly Coronavirus. He further claimed that the suspect intentionally came back with the virus thereby putting the people at risk, pointing out that the information was libelous. In his reaction, the APC Chairman in Enugu, Dr Ben Nwoye condemned the arrest of the APC youth leader, describing the development as quite unfortunate. Nwoye regretted that the Minister was using his office to harass and intimidate the party members in the state and wondered why such a civil matter could lead to the continuous detention of the party Chieftain without bail. He further expressed regrets that even when the party’s legal adviser, Benjamin Nembe and other lawyers had appealed to the police to allow them take the party Chieftain on bail, the police still refused , insisting that there were acting on orders from above. Nwoye insisted that the alleged Commando style of arresting Nwanjoku was bad and therefore called on the Inspector General of Police to Wade into the matter as the continuous detention of the party Chieftain without charging him to court amounts to breach of his fundamental human rights. He said it was unfortunate that the Minister who ought to be using his position to better the Fortune of the party choose to always create unnecessary problems for the party in the state The APC legal adviser , who also spoke to journalists, said all frantic efforts he made to take the suspect on bail proved abortive as the police refused him, Nwanjoku,s wife and others members of the family access to him By Stanley Nwanosike   (Awgu)   -     A Presidential aide, Mrs Juliet Ibekaku-Nwagwu, has vowed that the All Progressives Congress (APC) will leave no stone unturned for the re-election of President Buhari in 2019. Ibekaku-Nwagwu, who is the Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari on Justice Reform, made… January 28, 2018 In "News" By Barrister Ismail Ahmed The All Progressives Youth Forum is planning to organize a nationwide thanks giving with special Sunday church service and umma'at prayers over the planned defection of former Governor of Borno State, Ali Modu Sheriff from the APC to PDP according to Barrister Ismail Ahmed the Forum's… August 17, 2014 In "News" By Emmanuel Acha Enugu - Chieftains of Ohaneze Ndigbo are split over the purported endorsement of the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Alhaji Abubakar Atiku by the organisation. It would be recalled that an arm of the organisation known as ‘Ime Obi’ arising from its meeting on Thursday,… January 25, 2019 In "News"