President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday met with Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno at the State House, Abuja. Zulum, who spoke to State House Correspondents after the meeting, said he was in the state House to brief the President on the recent military action against Boko Haram by Chadian soldiers on the shores of Lake Chad and its implications on Nigeria’s National Security. News Agency of Nigeria reports that the attacks by the Chadian soldiers was in retaliation over the killing of about 91 Chadian security personnel by the Boko Haram insurgents recently. Zulum quoted the President to have promised to take more decisive and proactive measures towards ensuring that the Boko Haram menace in parts of the country is totally eliminated for sustainable peace and development. ”After critically analysing the situation, we both expressed the belief that time has come to once and for all put to an end the senseless acts of terror by Boko Haram and other criminal elements operating in the region,” he said The Governor said he also briefed President Buhari on his administration’s efforts at containing the ravaging Coronavirus in Borno. NAN reports that Borno has so far not recorded a single case of Coronavirus in the state. (NAN) The Chadian troops have again dealt a major blow on Boko Haram insurgents. This followed the killing of 100 of its members in Magumeri, a local government in the northern part of Borno. Borno is the major hotbed of Boko Haram crisis in Nigeria. According to West Africa Reporters on… April 5, 2020 In "News" DIFFA, Niger - "You'll all be able to go home soon. Boko Haram is nearly finished," Niger's Interior Minister Mohamed Bazoum told a crowd of refugees seated quietly on dusty, sun-baked flats. His words of optimism were belied by the dozens-strong security detail required to protect him as he toured… July 26, 2016 In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - The Federal Government said it has adopted proactive measures to review the counter insurgency operation to ensure total eradication of the remnant of Boko Haram insurgents hibernating in parts of the northeast. The Minister of Defence, Maj.-Gen. Salihi Magashi (rtd), stated this when he paid… December 17, 2019 In "News"