A 99-year-old World War II veteran in Brazil was released from hospital with military honors Tuesday after recovering from the coronavirus. Second Lieutenant Ermando Piveta, who served in the Brazilian artillery in Africa during the Second World War, was brought out of Brasilia’s Armed Forces Hospital to trumpet music and applause. Wearing an army-green side cap, he raised his arms in the air as he left after eight days as a patient. “It was a tremendous fight for me, greater than in the war. In war, you kill or live. Here, you have to fight in order to live, and you leave this fight a winner,” said Piveta. He served in the Brazilian fourth artillery regiment soon after the country entered the war on the side of the Allies, the army said. Piveta returned home with his regiment to defend Brazil from an Axis invasion that never was. “He won another battle, this time against the new coronavirus,” the military said in a statement, adding Piveta was released on the 75th anniversary of Brazil’s successful campaign in Montese, Italy. Piveta’s nation is the hardest-hit country in Latin America by the coronavirus pandemic with 1,532 deaths so far, according to the Johns Hopkins University tally. •AFP A 99-year-old Second World War veteran has thanked NHS staff after recovering from coronavirus. Albert Chambers, who turns 100 in July, was given a guard of honour from nurses at Tickhill Road Hospital in Doncaster after overcoming COVID-19. NHS North East and Yorkshire posted a video of Mr Chambers at… April 10, 2020 In "Foreign" As the coronavirus pandemic spreads globally, claiming thousands of lives, notable names are among those taken by the deadly virus. Read more about them ahead. For more information on lives that were lost to the COVID-19 and the latest updates on confirmed cases in the U.S., expert health advice and… April 1, 2020 In "News" The number of deaths from Covid-19 in the past 24 hours is 832, it emerged this morning. It beats the previous Spanish record of 769 coronavirus deaths which was announced on Friday. Spain has registered a new record number of coronavirus deaths in a single-day period. Pictured: Field hospital in… March 28, 2020 In "News"