Some Nigeria Immigration officers have found themselves in hot waters after participating in a social media challenge. The officers were accused of flaunting their bodies. According to Instablog, some of the female immigration officers had participated in a popular social media challenge, but this didn’t go down well with their superiors who issued them queries. Nigerians are not happy with the latest event as some have vented their frustration on the country. baudex wrote: “Because they are not daughters of rich , well contracted thieves , this country Oo once you have money , your children can do anyhow ” n6oflife added: “Welcome to the Islamic Republic of Nigeria. ” t0kini: “This video that the Nigerian Immigration service could have used as a PR opportunity because it makes the immigration service more relatable to Nigerians and can help with civic relations and recruitment. But the Nigerian government will always embarrass us.” Nigerian Immigration Service officers allegedly queried for partaking in a social media challenge. [Swipe] A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Apr 20, 2020 at 7:50am PDT Source By Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -     A Nigerian deported from Italy, Mr Tony Lucky has apologised to the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) for assaulting its officers at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos on Dec. 14. A top official of the NIS told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… December 20, 2018 In "News" The Minister of Interior, Abba Moro, on Friday said the Federal Government planned to recruit 5,000 officers into the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) over the next five years. Moro said this in Abuja at the 2014 Comptroller-General’s annual conference and stakeholder’s forum in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the… August 23, 2014 In "News" By Nkechi Okoronkwo   Marrakech     -      In a bid to ensure standard procedures and practice in the handling of goods and services at its borders, Nigeria Immigration Service is developing a national border policy strategy. Comptoller-General of Immigration Mohammed Babandede said this in an interview with the News Agency of… December 12, 2018 In "News"