The Federal Government has released a list of Nigerians who died of coronavirus abroad since the outbreak started some four months ago, The PUNCH reports. Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, made this known on Thursday evening via a video containing the names, pictures and countries of residence of the departed compatriots. In the video posted on her verified Twitter handle, 13 Nigerians abroad have, so far, died of the novel virus. Of the 13 countrypersons, eight died in the United Kingdom while five died in the United States. The 55-second clip listed the departed souls in the UK as Dr Alfa Sa’adu, Carol Jamabo, Dr Kole Abayomi, Bode Ajanlekoko, Adeola Onasanya, Ugochukwu Erondu, Chidinma Olajide and Mmaete Greg. Bassey Offiong, Caleb Anya, Akeem Adagun, Laila Abubakar and Patricia Imobhio were profiled to have died of the infection in America. Dabiri-Erewa prayed that the souls of the departed ones find repose. “May the souls of our brothers and sisters in Diaspora, who lost their lives to COVID-19, rest in peace. May the Lord heal the world,” she tweeted. May the souls of our brothers and sisters in Diaspora , who lost their lives to Covid 19, RIP. May the Lord heal the world  pic.twitter.com/T1Nu77xP3G Over 85,000 coronavirus deaths have been recorded globally from about 1.5 million confirmed cases, according to the World Health Organisation situation dashboard as of the time of filing this report. More than 7,000 people have died of the virus in the UK which has recorded over 60,000 confirmed cases. The US has also recorded over 12,000 deaths from about 400,000 confirmed cases while Nigeria’s COVID-19 cases and deaths toll less than 300 and 10 respectively. ABUJA - The Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM) has revealed the identities of 13 Nigerians who died of coronavirus (COVID-19). In a video, the NIDCOM disclosed that the Nigerians were among those who lost their lives to the COVID-19 battle in the United Kingdom and the United States. The 55-second… April 10, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has said Nigerians abroad, who wished to be evacuated amid the pandemic, must be “COVID-19 free”, The PUNCH has learnt. This was contained in the “COVID-19 Application Form for Nigerians who want to return home” on the website of the Nigerians in Diaspora Commission. Citizens intending to… April 8, 2020 In "News" As a result of the Coronavirus pandemic, over 1,000 Nigerians in the United States and other European countries have applied to the Federal Government to facilitate their return to the country, The Nation reports. The government has given two conditions to be met. They must undergo a compulsory COVID-19 test… April 10, 2020 In "News"