You may know that Google is tracking you, but most people don’t realize the extent of it. Luckily, there are simple steps you can take to dramatically reduce Google’s tracking. But first, what exactly are they tracking? Unlike searching on DuckDuckGo,What was your biggest culture shock going to Middle East?Probably this: The first time I ever visited Saudi Arabia and ate in a restaurant outside of the male-only ‘bachelors’ area. I hadn’t really ever thought before about the practicalities of how Muslim women dine out in public, while wearing the niqab. AWhat are some of the dark lessons that life showed you?Some dark lessons from the area of love: * The person who cares less has the most power in a relationship. * No one will ever be able to make you feel loved unless you love yourself. * You can’t change others. * No matter how hot you find someone, you’ll get use“I spent six days on a ventilator with covid-19. It saved me, but my life is not the same.”Opinion | I spent six days on a ventilator with covid-19. It saved me, but my life is not the same.What does Google know about me?You may know that Google is tracking you, but most people don’t realize the extent of it. Luckily, there are simple steps you can take to dramatically reduce Google’s tracking. But first, what exactly are they tracking? Unlike searching on , when you search on Google, they . That means they know every search you’ve ever done on Google. That alone is pretty scary, but it’s just the shallow end of the that they try to collect on people. What most people don’t realize is that even if you don’t use any Google products directly, they’re still trying to discover as much as they can about you. Google trackers have been found on . This means they’re also trying to track most everywhere you go on the internet, trying to slurp up your browsing history! Most people also don’t know that Google runs most of the ads you see across the internet and in apps – you know those ones that follow you around everywhere? Yup, that’s Google, too. They aren’t really a search company anymore – they’re a tracking company. They are tracking as much as they can for these annoying and intrusive ads, including recording every time you see them, where you saw them, if you clicked on them, etc. But even that’s not all… If You Use Google Products If you do use Google products, they track you even more. In addition to tracking everything you’ve ever searched for on Google (e.g. “weird rash”), Google also tracks every video you’ve ever watched on YouTube. Many people actually don’t know that ; now you know. And if you use Android (yeah, Google owns that too), then Google is also usually tracking: Every place you’ve been via Google Location Services.How often you use your apps, when you use them, where you use them, and who you use them to interact with. (This is just excessive by any measure.)All of your text messages, which unlike on iOS, .Your photos .If you use Gmail, they of course also have all your emails and contacts. If you use Google Calendar, they know schedule. There’s a pattern here: For all Google products (Hangouts, Music, Drive, etc.), you can expect the same level of tracking; that is, pretty much anything they can track, they will. Oh, and if you use Google Home, they also store a live recording of every command you (or anyone else) has ever said to your device! Yes, you heard that right (err… they heard it) – you can check out all the recordings . Essentially, if you don’t tell them not to, they’ll track pretty close to, well, everything you do on the internet. In fact, even if you tell them to stop tracking you, Google has been known to not really listen, for example with . You Become the Product Why does Google want all of your information anyway? Simple: as stated, Google isn’t a search company anymore, they’re a tracking company. All of these data points allow Google to build a pretty robust profile about you. In some ways, by keeping such close tabs on everything you do, they may know you better than you know yourself! The result of all that tracking is that Google uses your personal profile to sell ads, not only on their search engine, but also on over three million other websites and apps. Every time you visit one of these sites or apps, Google is following you around with hyper-targeted ads, trying to influence your behavior. It’s exploitative. By allowing Google to collect all this info, you are allowing hundreds of thousands of advertisers to bid on serving you ads based on your sensitive personal data. Everyone involved is profiting from your information, except you. You are the product. It doesn’t have to be this way. It is entirely possible for a web-based business to be profitable without making you the product – since 2014, has been profitable without storing or sharing any personal information on people at all. You can . The Myth of “Nothing to Hide” Some may argue that they have “nothing to hide,” so they are not concerned with the amount of information Google has collected and stored on them, but that argument is fundamentally flawed . Everyone has information they want to keep private: Do you close the door when you go to the bathroom, or cover your windows when it gets dark? Privacy is about control over our personal information. We don’t want it in the hands of everyone, and certainly don’t want people profiting on it without our consent or participation. In addition, privacy is essential to democratic institutions like voting and everyday situations such as getting medical care and performing financial transactions. Without it, there can be significant harms. On an individual level, lack of privacy leads to putting people into a , getting manipulated by ads, , fraud, and identity theft. On a societal level, it can lead to deepened polarization and societal manipulation as we’ve unfortunately been seeing multiply in recent years. You Can Live Google Free Basically, Google tries to track too much. It’s creepy and simply just more information than one company should have on anyone. Thankfully, there are many good ways to reduce your Google footprint, even close to zero! If you are ready to live without Google, for services to replace their suite of products, as well as instructions for . It might feel like you are trapped in the Google-verse, but it is possible to break free. For starters, just switching the search engine for all your searches goes a long way. After all, you share your most intimate questions with your search engine; at the very least, shouldn’t those be kept private? If you switch to the you will not only make your searches anonymous, but also block Google’s most widespread and invasive trackers as you navigate the web. If you’re unfamiliar with DuckDuckGo, we’re the leading provider of privacy protection tools to help you seamlessly take back control of your personal information online. We’ve been providing a private alternative to Google Search at for over a decade, and also offer a mobile private browser for and (DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser) as well as browser extensions for , , and (DuckDuckGo Privacy Essentials) to protect your desktop browsing. We’re also trying to educate users through our , , and , so more people can get the privacy protection they deserve. Source: quora.com The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has disclosed that the medicines brought into the country as gifts by the Chinese government to further strengthen our fight against the coronavirus (COVID-19), will be first cleared by the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) before being used… April 10, 2020 In "News" NOLLYWOOD actress, Enado Odigie, loves to dress to accentuate her curves. Since storming the film world by chance, the sexy princess has continued to feature in many blockbuster movies and TV series, including the popular Africa Magic Original movie, ‘Spice’ in 2014. In this interview with OLAITAN GANIU, she opens… November 23, 2019 In "Entertainment" •Azu Ishiekwene When I left Abuja at short notice nine days ago, the city was already emptying out. The single biggest factory and business centre there - the National Assembly - was on the verge of closure.  Before the closure was announced, though, things were already slowing down but there… April 2, 2020 In "Opinion"