A 23-year-old lady identified as Rejoice has committed suicide in the Mpape area of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, by drinking Sniper, a popular pesticide, a report by SaharaReporters has shown. The incident, which occurred on Saturday, threw the entire area into confusion as neighbours battled to save her life. SaharaReporters gathered that the deceased discovered that her boyfriend was having an affair with another lady and decided to take her own life out of anger. It was also gathered that the deceased had always threatened to kill herself over the unfaithfulness of her boyfriend. A resident of the area disclosed that Rejoice had been having financial difficulties to cater for her child, who she had for another man. Her body was said to have been found in the bathroom and immediately rushed to a nearby hospital where she was confirmed dead on arrival. Spokesperson for the FCT Police Command, Anjuguri Manzal, could not be reached when contacted by SaharaReporters as calls to his mobile numbers were not answered. Source Bayelsa State - The lady pictured here reportedly took her life yesterday by drinking the deadly insecticide known as Sniper because she had issues with her boyfriend. According to reports, she sells fruits at Azikoro town, opposite former PDP Chairman's road, Yenagoa, Bayelsa State. Her body has been deposited at… December 27, 2019 In "Metro" Uneasy calm pervades the Gbagada home of the Daibos, whose son, Toju Davies, was reported to have plunged into the lagoon from the Third Mainland bridge in Lagos, last Saturday. Twenty-one-year-old Toju, who had just completed his First degree study in Quantity Survey, from the University of Lagos, had ordered… February 22, 2020 In "Metro" A 300-Level Medical Laboratory student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), Christabel has reportedly taken her own life in her hostel room at Newton Street, Ekosodin area of Benin City, after allegedly taking some deadly substance to end her life. The sad incident took place yesterday. It was gathered that… June 19, 2019 In "News"