London –  England manager Gareth Southgate has agreed a 30% wage reduction according to British media reports after the FA’s CEO Mark Bullingham said on Monday that its highest earners would take significant pay cuts during the coronavirus crisis. The pandemic has brought English football to a standstill and Bullingham said the lack of international matches and FA Cup games will cost the country’s soccer governing body around 100 million pounds. “In the spirit of those on higher salaries taking the greater responsibility, the senior management team have agreed to cut their pay by 15%, with the highest earners in the organisation agreeing to reduce their pay by up to 30%,” Bullingham said in a statement here on the FA website. “We are proposing that all employees earning 50,000 pounds or more per annum will take a temporary pay reduction of 7.5%,” he said, adding that the FA could lose more than 150 million pounds in revenue if the situation does not stabilise soon. “We’re also looking into what options are available to us through the government’s furlough scheme as a contingency plan while we continue to plan for the return of football, once it is safe to do so.” The Times reported that Southgate would take a wage cut of 225,000 pounds over the next three months, while England Women’s team manager Phil Neville and the men’s England under-21 manager Aidy Boothroyd will take reductions in the region of 15-30%. The FA decision contrasts with the approach of some Premier League clubs, such as league leaders Liverpool, who said they would be using the government’s job retention scheme to pay some non-playing staff who are furloughed. Tottenham Hotspur, Newcastle United and Norwich City have taken similar decisions, sparking criticism from the government who have taken a dim view of millionaire players and managers not taking wage cuts while the league is suspended. (Reuters/NAN) LONDON   - England under-21 coach Gareth Southgate looks likely to be put in temporary charge of the national team after the resignation of Roy Hodgson following the side's Euro 2016 exit, British media reported on Wednesday. "Southgate is believed to have already been asked whether he is prepared to… June 29, 2016 In "Sports" Abuja  -    Manchester United’s former England national football team captain Wayne Rooney on Sunday rejoined his boyhood club Everton on a two-year deal after 13 trophy-laden years at Old Trafford. Rooney, who has moved to Goodison Park for an undisclosed fee, spoke of his excitement at returning to a… July 9, 2017 In "Sports" London - Banking group Barclays will become the first title sponsor of English football’s Women’s Super League in a multi-million pound partnership running until 2022, the Football Association announced on Wednesday. The FA said it was the biggest ever investment in British women’s sport by a brand, with a media… March 20, 2019 In "Sports"