Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai has spoken from isolation where he is receiving treatment for Coronavirus, saying he is still positive for the virus. The governor also chaired a virtual meeting of the State Executive Council from isolation. El-Rufai, on his Facebook page, said he was yet to be cleared of the virus and that he would announce when he was confirmed negative. He called on the public to ignore all fake news even if they were good wishes for him. “Earlier today, between 10am and 2pm, I took few hours during my isolation and chaired a virtual meeting of the State Executive Council. “I have not been cleared of COVID-19 yet. I will personally announce when I am confirmed negative. Please ignore all fake news even if they want good wishes for. “I am grateful to our team ably led by the Deputy Governor for keeping the agenda going without me. I am super proud of all our Commissioners, Advisers, Assistants security agency and other state government officials for a job well done.,” he said. Source The activities Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai engaged in days before he tested positive for COVID-19, have been revealed. Recall that El-Rufai had on Saturday via Twitter, revealed that he tested positive for the deadly coronavirus. He is in self isolation as required by the case management guidelines… March 30, 2020 In "News" •Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State KADUNA - Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has declared that he has tested positive to the coronavirus pandemic. He thus becomes the second governor after Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State to test positive to the virus. He said said he has gone… March 28, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Governor Seyi Makinde The Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, has narrated how he recovered from COVID-19 a week after he tested positive to the disease. Sundiata Post earlier reported how the governor took to Twitter on Sunday to announce that he had tested negative for the deadly virus. He… April 7, 2020 In "News"