A pregnant nurse and a father-of-two hospital consultant have died after catching coronavirus – bringing the death toll of NHS workers to 44. The nurse died on Sunday aged 28 after undergoing an emergency caesarean to deliver and save her baby daughter. While father-of-two Dr Peter Tun, 62, died in the intensive care unit at the hospital in Reading on Monday. Dr Tun worked as an associate specialist in neurorehabilitation at the Royal Berkshire Hospital for more than 21 years. In an emotional tribute, his sons revealed he had always told them, ‘Treat all your patients like they are your own family’. At least 40 NHS staff have died during the outbreak after testing positive although it is not known how many contracted the virus due to inadequate supplies of PPE. Tributes have been paid for the pregnant nurse who died, with colleagues of the woman saying she was ‘a fabulous nurse, and a great example of what we stand for’. The Trust’s chief executive described her as a ‘wonderful young woman who made a huge contribution’, according to Channel 4 News. In an internal email to staff, he said the decision to perform an emergency cesarean was taken after the woman’s condition deteriorated. It is not known if her child has coronavirus also. Tributes have also been paid to Dr Tun. In a statement, his children said: ‘Our family is immensely proud of our superhero dad. ‘He used to say, ‘Treat all your patients like they are your own family’, and this speaks to the type of character that he had. ‘To us, he was simply the best human we know and we will miss him every day.’ (Daily Mail UK) A 99-year-old Second World War veteran has thanked NHS staff after recovering from coronavirus. Albert Chambers, who turns 100 in July, was given a guard of honour from nurses at Tickhill Road Hospital in Doncaster after overcoming COVID-19. NHS North East and Yorkshire posted a video of Mr Chambers at… April 10, 2020 In "Foreign" The UK has announced 936 more deaths from the coronavirus today, taking the total number of fatalities to 7,095 and marking another record one-day high in the nation's deepening crisis. NHS England confirmed 828 more people have died in its hospitals, aged between 22 and 103 years old, in recent… April 8, 2020 In "Foreign" London - Carrie Symonds, the pregnant fiancée of Boris Johnson, has praised the medical staff, who helped the British Prime Minister come through COVID-19, adding that there were “very dark” times last week. “I cannot thank our magnificent NHS enough. “The staff at St Thomas’ Hospital have been incredible. “I… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign"