Operatives of the 81 Division, Nigerian Army (NA) Monday paraded 11 fake military personnel alleged to have caused mayhem during this lockdown period. Ozonde Kelechi, Akingunola Folorunsho, Anusie Friday, Haruna Shuaibu, James Felix, Abeed Adewale, Oyeyemi Adetunji, Nwabuwanne Emmanuel, Adeniyi Adesokan, Shile Akin and Cynthia Dominic were arrested in different parts of the state over the weekend for breaching the stay-home order of the Federal Government. It was gathered that the division intercepted most of them during its “Operation Checkmate” launched to enforce discipline among military personnel and apprehend erring officers during this period. The Nation reports that this is the second time in a week the division has paraded suspected military impersonators arrested while flouting the lockdown order. Parading the suspects, General Officer Commanding (GOC) Olu Irefin said some of the suspects were dismissed soldiers and naval ratings, adding that one of the suspects operated a vehicle fully painted in military colour. “One of them has a vehicle that is painted in full military color. The vehicle has been impounded and if it is going to be released, it has to be painted to normal color. These are the people giving us bad image. “The army will continue to sensitise the society and let people know that most illegal activities blamed on military are not by our operatives. “We have to be careful. We will continue to assure law abiding citizens that they should go about their normal activities within Lagos and we will do our best to always protect everyone,” he said.One of the suspects, Akin said he got the military uniform he was arrested with from his friend, adding that he used it for escort services to het money which they shared. He said he was apprehended at Obalende dressed in the regalia while trying to buy water.Felix, 29, who claimed he was dismissed as a Lance Corporal last October, said he was arrested in his military uniform while standing opposite Ojo Barracks. He pleaded with the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) to reinstate him as he has learnt from his mistake. “I came back to Lagos when they dismissed me which is where I served in before they deployed me to the North East. I served at 149 battalion so as I came back to pack my things, they said that before they will allow me to touch any of my properties, they must receive part two of my dismissal. “For now they have not received it, I do not have any right to touch anything from my own house. I love the job and I have served for 10 to 11 years,” he said. Dominic, 33, who was apprehended for wearing a military uniform, said she only used it in her residence and was caught in front of her house in Festac Town. The Nation