By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Presidency has opened up on why the burial of late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari was delayed yesterday. The President’s aide on Media and Publicity,  Garba Shehu explained that the burial was delayed in their attempt to maintain social distancing but had to proceed as more people kept trooping to the cemetery. Speaking to reporters, Garba Shehu said there was nothing they could do to bar the crowd. Shehu said they did not invite the crowd at the funeral and could not have invited soldiers to flog and chase them away. He explained further that the burial was delayed in their attempt to maintain social distancing but had to proceed as more people kept trooping to the cemetery “Was there any invitation for the public to come for the burial? Go back to my Twitter handle and read what I posted. From 10am, when we picked up the body at the airport, we sent a message out that the funeral will be private and that the public should please go and pray for Abba Kyari. “We also said no condolence visits to the President and family. What can we do? Are we going to invite soldiers to flog people who came to pay their last respect to the man? “We didn’t invite people. We were trying to move people back and observe social distancing and it was delaying the funeral. We just have to do it because people are not ready to leave. What are we going to do?” he asked •The late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari The Presidency has announced that there will be no condolence visits to the family of the late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mr Abba Kyari. The Senior Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Garba Shehu, said this in… April 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" •The late Abba Kyari Sympathisers at the burial of late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Malam Abba Kyari at Gudu Cemetery in Abuja on Saturday (18/4/2020) 02084/18/4/2020/Callistus Ewelike/NAN Even in death Abba Kyari was held in so much awe by acolytes whose minds had been damaged by the… April 18, 2020 In "Opinion" Before now, bereaved families always looked forward to burying their dead for them to rest in peace. This solemn rite appears to have eluded families in states under lockdown as most of the corpses in the mortuaries cannot be buried. Thus, this is not the best of time for families… April 12, 2020 In "News"