IMAGES and videos have emerged on social media seemingly linking symbols on the new £20 note with 5G cell towers and the coronavirus diagram.By JOEL DAY It comes amid a flurry of conspiracy theories surrounding the introduction of 5G around the world and the outbreak of COVID-19. The new £20 notes entered circulation on February 20 2020, made entirely from polymer. New security features on the note have drawn Britons to conclude that it somehow is linked to the unfolding coronavirus and 5G controversy. On one side of the notes small windows, drenched in gold with a blue backdrop is a tall, pillar-like structure. Many have compared the structure to a cell tower, more specifically, the new 5G cell towers that are being erected around the UK. The 5G cell towers have become the focus of conspiracy theorists who believe that Wuhan was the first city to get 5G and subsequently became the origin of the outbreak. Although, Wuhan was one of the first but now the only city to get 5G at that time. People are also drawing attention to the new £20 note’s purple foil patch symbol, which is in the shape of a coronavirus protein. In fact, the symbol that resembles a cell tower is the Margate Lighthouse, while the symbol that apparently depicts the coronavirus protein is actually based on the staircase at the Tate Britain art Gallery. This is because the new £20 note is in honour of English Artist JMW Turner. Turner was a regular visitor to Margate and is known to have been besotted by the seaside town. He remarked on the skies you can see for miles, “the loveliest in all Europe,” he said. And, his self-portrait is currently on display at the Tate, perhaps explaining why the staircase is depicted on the note. People are saying that 5G has a negative impact on the immune system despite there being no scientific evidence to support the claim. An anti-5G Facebook group called “Stop5G” which has garnered the support of over 26,000 people has posted several pieces of information incorrectly linking the 5G network to COVID-19. Many of the posts have been shared by hundreds of users. Added to this is the sharing of related information by celebrities such as singer Keri Hilson and reality TV star Calum Best. A tweet from Ms Hilson read: “Keri has tweeted: “People have been trying to warn us about 5G for YEARS. “Petitions, organizations, studies…what we’re going thru is the effects of radiation. “5G launched in CHINA. Nov 1, 2019. “People dropped dead. See attached & go to my IG stories for more. TURN OFF 5G by disabling LTE!!!” “Why do you think the virus is not happening in Africa like that? Not a 5G region. “There may be a few bases there, but not as prevalent as other countries. “It has nothing to do with melanin (for those theories).” (Express, UK)  One would ordinarily have dismissed the “controversy” around 5G technology and the strange connection with COVID-19 being stridently pursued by some people as ignorant rants occasioned by the morbid fear of the rampaging Coronavirus, but with the prevailing circumstances of fear and tension, I have elected, as one familiar with… April 4, 2020 In "Opinion" Researchers have found shocking similarities between the Wuhan coronavirus and HIV and Ebola. These mutations suggest the virus is manmade. Remember all those "crazy" stories about COVID-19 leaking from a Chinese lab? Well, they might actually be true. | Image: Handout / National Institutes of Health / AFP The novel… March 4, 2020 In "Health" Beijing - A doctor who became a hero in China after sounding the alarm early on about a new coronavirus outbreak has died of the disease, the Wuhan hospital where he was being treated, said on Friday. Li Wenliang, a 33-year-old ophthalmologist at a hospital in Wuhan, the epicentre of… February 7, 2020 In "Foreign"