Dr Osagie Ehanire, Nigeria’s Minister of Health, has reacted to claims made by Mrs. Susan Okpe, the index case of COVID-19 in Benue State that she’s being detained by the FG. The London based woman, in a new video shared online, accused the Federal Government of keeping her for treatment against her will. Reacting to her claim, the Minister at a briefing in Abuja on Tuesday April 14, explained that Okpe has been tested twice for Covid 19 and both tests came back positive but that she has refused to accept the results, insisting that they are fake because she is not showing any symptom of the disease. The Minister said efforts are being made to carry out a third test on her and that if the test comes back negative, she would be discharged. Watch the video of the Minister speaking below; Dr Osagie Ehanire has reacted to claims made by Mrs. Susan Okpe, the index case of COVID-19 in Benue State that she's being detained by the FG. . . The London based woman, in a new video shared online, accused the Federal Government of keeping her for treatment against her will. . . The Minister at a briefing in Abuja on Tuesday April 14th, explained that Okpe has been tested twice for the viral disease and they came back positive but she has insisted that both results are fake because she is not showing any symptom of the disease. The Minister said efforts are being made to carry out a third test on her. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Apr 14, 2020 at 10:14pm PDT source Mrs. Susan Okpe, who the Benue State government named as the first Coronavirus case in Benue State, has gone on social media to call for help while claiming she's being detained by the FG. The London based woman, in a new video shared online, accused the Federal Government of keeping… April 14, 2020 In "News" By Yemi Itodo A 54-year old Susan Okpe, who was said to be the Benue index case of Corona Virus, has cried on President Muhammad Buhari of Nigeria and the British Government, to evacuate her from Benue state. Governor of Benue State, Dr. Samuel Ortom had on Saturday, 28th March,… March 30, 2020 In "News" Following the news of the index case of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Benue State, there have been series of denials and counter-denials about the real identity of the patient. Governor Samuel Orton had on Saturday given the identity of the patient as Susan Okpe. He added that the carrier, a returnee… April 10, 2020 In "Health"