Brazen Kirie Redfield defends her work in the sex industry (Image: Channel 4) An escort girl outrageously claimed she is as important as doctors and nurses after inviting customers into the back of her camper van. Kirie Redfield broke coronavirus lockdown laws by seeing seven men in less than an hour on a business park near a football stadium. The brunette, who advertises unprotected sex at £30 for 15 minutes on an adult website, then met another ­client at a nearby supermarket car park. When challenged about her behaviour by the Sunday People, Kirie claimed she was an essential worker, saying: “Men need their thing, you know.” Pushed on whether she was worried about breaking the social distancing rules she added: “No, because I’m in a job I need to do, like doctors or nurses.” On the website Kirie, in her 30s, advertised she was doing a tour of several Yorkshire towns this week, including Barnsley, Doncaster, Rotherham and Wakefield. On Thursday the Sunday People saw Kirie arrive in a Citroën Relay van near Barnsley FC’s stadium where a number of men were waiting. They circled the area in their cars waiting for her to become free so they could take their turn in the back. When the queue died down Kirie sat in the front of the van alongside her driver munching a pack of cheese and onion crisps. On her website Kirie states she has appeared in seven extreme German movies. When approached she said: “It’s all safe, don’t worry,” adding: “People want to meet me, you don’t get to meet a ­proper porn star every day.” Asked whether she would be continuing her travels she said: “I might do, it depends if I can be bothered when I wake up.” She then pleaded: “Please in your paper don’t put ‘prostitute’, I’m an escort and porn star.” When asked how many ­clients she had seen that day she said: “I always say never enough. Even if I have 40 it’s not enough.” She was then driven the short distance to the supermarket, where she jumped into the back of the van with a taxi driver. The adult website Kirie uses to advertise her services urges their users to obey the ­lockdown rules. It states: “It is illegal to meet anyone with whom you do not share a household, so we have ­removed the facility to ­arrange a meeting with any advertiser and would strongly encourage you to stay at home, where possible.” But Kirie has added her ­mobile number to her listing so punters can get in touch. On her profile she says she is 5ft 3in tall but has enhanced 34K boobs and “on a small frame they look and are huge”. Married Kirie runs her own limited company and pays tax on what she earns – even ­sending her books to her accountant to make sure it is correct. Her unconventional work first came to light in the Channel 4 series 24 Hours in Police Custody. She was caught up in a blackmail scam which ended with a police officer being jailed for three years in 2017. South Yorkshire Police said they had a form on their website for people to report anything outside the government rules on ­coronavirus distancing. Supt Paul McCurry said: “On the whole, we are seeing that the majority of communities in South Yorkshire are following the new guidelines. “However, where people disregard the measures, there are new police powers ­available to us and our officers will move to enforcing them.” Source: mirror.co.uk