By PAMELA EBOH, Awka A bloody communal clash between two communities in Anambra West Local Government Area of Anambra State has reportedly led to the death of seven persons, as well as the alleged kidnap of the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) and two other policemen. The communities, Odekpe and Alla Anugwa were said to have engaged in a showdown following a lingering boundary dispute. The DPO in charge of the council area and two of his men were reportedly abducted when they went to restore peace to the two warring communities. While Allah/Onugwa people said that four persons were killed on their side with 150 buildings destroyed, Odekpe claimed that three of their members were killed and three buildings touched. According to a source who gave his name as John Ozoemena, the dispute led to the youths of the two communities attacking each other. He regretted that government representatives from the area were keeping mum over the development. Ozoemena said: “I want to ask our representatives in Anambra government, does it mean that you people did not hear what is happening now at Olumasaa Ward 2, between Odekpe and Alla Anugwa? “Or do we wait until they finish themselves? We have Igwe (traditional ruler) from Anambra West, we have House of Assembly representatives, we have commissioner, we have councillors – all of them are in the government of Anambra State, leaving our brothers to be killing themselves like this. “You people should do something about it, they are our brothers. Let us come together and know what to do to stop them from killing themselves.” Confirming the incident, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in the state, Okadigbo Edwin, said: “NSCDC Anambra West Divisional office was alerted of a bloody clash between Odekpe Town and Alla Community in Anambra West Local Government Area of Anambra State over lingering boundary dispute between the communities.” He said that preliminary investigation revealed that the two communities clashed with each other and in the process four persons allegedly lost their lives, one other kidnapped, while houses were burnt and properties destroyed. Okadigbo said: “The State Command has dispatched operatives of peace and conflicts unit, intelligence unit, and other tactical squads of the command to the area to avert further clashes and in the maintenance of the law and order.” He added that the state Commandant, David Bille, had ordered a discreet investigation into the circumstances that led to the incident. (News Express)