Taraweeh prayers in Mecca and Medina during the Ramadan have been suspended globally by Saudi Arabia. Ramadan, the Muslim month of fasting, is expected to begin on April 23. However, owing to increasing cases of COVID-19 globally, Saudi’s Ministry of Islamic Affairs, Dawah and Guidance, in a statement, announced that the suspension of the important prayer during Ramadan is to curb the spread of the deadly virus. The minister of Islamic affairs, Abdul Latif Al-Sheikh, said the prayers will be performed at home for health safety. In Islam, Taraweeh prayers are very important and rewarding during the Holy month. “The suspension of performing the five daily prayers at mosques is more important than the suspension of Taraweeh prayers. “We ask Allah the Almighty to accept Taraweeh prayers whether held at mosques, or homes, which we think is better for people’s health. We ask Allah the Almighty to accept prayers from all of us and protect humanity from this epidemic that hit the entire world. “This is a precaution in line with the prohibition of gatherings, so that funeral prayers take place at cemeteries should not exceed five to six of the deceased’s relatives, and the rest pray at their homes,” the statement read in part. As of Monday, Saudi Arabia has 4,934 cases and 65 deaths related to Coronavirus. Source As Muslims begin Ramadan fasting this week, the Sultan of Sokoto and President-General of Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III, has declared that, there will be no Ramadan lecture sessions and congregation prayers in Mosques. The Sultan told Nigerian Muslims that, this year’s Ramadan is one with… April 20, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A masked gunman reportedly opened fire at an east London mosque during Ramadan prayers a few hours ago. According to reports, some Muslims were at the Seven Kings Mosque in Ilford for evening prayer when a gunshot was heard outside the mosque. The gunman then gained… May 10, 2019 In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Vice-President Namadi Sambo has offered prayers for the nation's peace, progress and development at the Al-Masjid Al-Haram Mosque in Meccah as he performed this year’s Lesser Hajj (Umrah). This information is contained in a statement issued by Malam Umar Sani, his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity,… July 23, 2014 In "News"