Rich tourists have been flouting coronavirus lockdown rules by using private jets to fly out of the UK and back in, according to a report. An investigation by The Times revealed that a total of 545 private jets have landed in UK airfields since the lockdown began on 23 March, including from some of the countries most afflicted by the COVID-19 pandemic. That included 15 from the US, 25 from Spain, 27 from France, and 32 from Germany, the newspaper reported. Its investigation also revealed that the super-rich have been using private jets to leave the UK, with 767 private planes reportedly flying out of UK airfields since lockdown began. Destinations included France, Germany, Spain, Russia and the United Arab Emirates, The Times reported. Last week a group of would-be holidaymakers were refused entry to France after flying from London to Marseille-Provence airport, where helicopters were waiting to fly them on to a luxury villa in Cannes. A source told The Times: “These are some of the wealthiest people who count the UK as their home, who are fleeing to second homes since the lockdown was imposed.” Last week, Matt Hancock was asked to explain why people arriving in the UK from abroad were not being asked to self-isolate. He told the Health & Social Care Committee that the decision, which is similar to many other countries, was because coronavirus is already so prevalent in the UK. Responding to Yvette Cooper, Hancock said: “I’m advised by the epidemiologists, it is not an epidemiologically significant route of transmission in the UK because the current incidence is high. “Of course, if we succeed in getting the incidence of transmission lower and much lower, which I hope we will, then you have to ask the question of how to protect the UK from people who have been in a place where that incidence of transmission is much higher.” On March 17 the Foreign Office advised against all non-essential international travel as part of efforts to limit the spread of the global pandemic. But while 130 other countries have imposed travel restrictions, the UK hasn’t. Professor Gabriel Scally, president of epidemiology and public health at the Royal Society of Medicine, told The Times it was “hard to understand” why UK officials had decided against stricter border controls. Sky News For decades, powerful Nigerians could ignore the government’s failure to invest adequately in the health-care system by seeking medical treatment abroad. The coronavirus pandemic means they can no longer escape. Since Nigeria identified its first case in late February, President Muhammadu Buhari has responded by closing the borders and imposing… April 2, 2020 In "News" PARIS - French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday ordered stringent restrictions on people’s movement to slow the spread of the coronavirus, and said the army would be drafted in to help move the sick to hospitals. France had already shut down restaurants and bars, closed schools and put ski resorts… March 17, 2020 In "Foreign" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa has confirmed the index case of Covid -19 in the state, saying it is not a death sentence. The governor in a radio and television broadcast in Asaba, warned that coronavirus pandemic was real, adding that the stay at home order was… April 8, 2020 In "News"