The bodies of seven teenagers were discovered in a church in Ethiopia’s eastern Oromia region, police officials said on Monday. “The teenagers were inside a room at the St Joseph Church which housed a generator,’’ Commander Aschalew Alemu, spokesman for the East Shewa Zone police station, told the state news agency ENA. Alemu said six male and one female under the age of 20 had been discovered at about 3 a.m (0000 GMT) on Sunday, shortly before the country was due to celebrate Easter. Ethiopia, which has the largest Orthodox Christian population outside Europe, marked Easter on April 19. “We are now investigating if suffocation from the generator is the cause of the death,’’ he said, adding that 11 people had been arrested in connection with the deaths. It is not yet clear how the teenagers managed to get inside the church. State-of-emergency regulations due to the coronavirus pandemic were put in place on April 10. The regulations have restricted worshippers from attending large church services to curb the spread of the virus. Security officers have been deployed around churches to implement these regulations. (NAN) Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has lamented his inability to celebrate this year’s Easter Church service in a congregation due to the resumed sit at home order in the state over wide spreading Coronavirus pandemic. The governor who made the lamentations in his Easter message to Imo people during… April 11, 2020 In "News" •This photo taken and handout by the Vatican Media on April 11, 2020 shows Pope Francis holding the Holy Book of Prayers during Easter’s Holy Saturday Vigil held behind closed doors at St. Peter’s Basilica in the Vatican on April 11, 2020 during the lockdown aimed at curbing the spread… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" By Ifeoma Aka Enugu - Many Christian families in Enugu State capital worshipped online to mark the 2020 Easter celebration in compliance with the lockdown directives by the state and federal governments over the Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent who monitored the situation in Enugu… April 12, 2020 In "News"