By Abraham Jonah, Managing Editor, Middle East Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and the need to keep the country under control and safe, Emirates, the largest carrier in the United Arab Emirates  had put a hold on all her flights and promised fly the air again as soon as things improve. The decision happened to be a right one in the face of the precautionary measures put in place to curtail the spread of the disease. Dubai has also been on the lockdown for quite some time as no one was allowed to go out of the house without permit, except for selected workers of organisations providing essential services. It’s nice to hear today, however, that effective April 12 Emirates Airlines will now operate passenger services to select destinations from DXB’s Terminal 3. According to Dubai Airports announcement, “passengers are advised to contact Emirates Airlines directly to seek additional information or book travel. All departing passengers will undergo thermal scanning at DXB’s Terminal 3.  Passengers are also reminded to bring their own face masks, gloves and abide by social distancing rules”. It was added that “This development follows the suspension of all in-bound and out-bound passenger flights, and the transit of airline passengers in the UAE effective as of 11:59 pm on March 24 and until further notice. Aside from the aforementioned Emirates Airlines operations, only vital cargo and emergency evacuation flights will operate from DXB and DWC during this period”. The safety of lives is part of the passion of the airport. Hence, “Dubai Airports continues to be fully committed to supporting the measures being taken to ensure the health and safety of our valued customers, our community and our employees”. By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has directed all foreign airlines operating at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja to move to the new international terminal on or before March 31. Mr Sani Mahmud, FAAN’s Regional General Manager, North Central, disclosed this on Wednesday,… March 14, 2019 In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos - The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has begun moves to decongest airlines and passenger traffic at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport (MMIA) Lagos. Mrs Henrietta Yakubu, General Manager, Corporate Affairs, FAAN, confirmed the development while briefing newsmen on Sunday in Lagos.… March 3, 2019 In "News" Dubai-based long haul legend Emirates has suspended all flights to Lagos for the foreseeable future. The airline has said it will not resume flying to the Nigerian destination until the airport improves its Instrument Landing System (ILS). Other airlines have experienced difficulties in landing at the Nigerian airport too, as… February 20, 2020 In "News"