Ethiopia’s confirmed COVID-19 cases reached 92 after seven more people were confirmed, the Ethiopian Federal Ministry of Health disclosed in a statement on Thursday. The ministry revealed that from the total of 401 medical tests that were conducted in the last 24 hours, seven of them tested positive for COVID-19, eventually bringing the total number of cases to 92. According to figures from the ministry, all of the latest seven individuals were Ethiopian nationals, five males and two females. The ministry also said that 15 patients who tested positive for COVID-19 have so far recovered from the virus. It has previously disclosed three patients have died due to COVID-19 related illnesses. Ethiopia, Africa’s second most populous nation with about 107 million people, confirmed its first case of COVID-19 on March 13. The Ethiopian government has instituted a wide range of measures to contain the spread of COVID-19. Ethiopian House of People’s Representatives, the lower house of the Ethiopian parliament, has already announced a five-month state of emergency to stop the spread of COVID-19 in the country. (NAN) Two patients receiving treatment for coronavirus in Kwara state have been discharged from the hospital. Raji Abdulrazaq, commissioner for health, broke the news in a tweet on Thursday afternoon. “I am happy to announce to you all that we just discharged two index cases of #COVID19 in Kwara State after… April 16, 2020 In "News" Nigeria’s capital, Abuja, has recorded three cases of COVID-19, The PUNCH can confirm. The PUNCH learnt that the index case is an official of the Federal Inland Revenue Service and was one of the passengers on the British Airways’ flight that landed on March 13, 2020. It was learnt that… March 21, 2020 In "News" Beijing - China reported 150 new deaths on Monday from the coronavirus outbreak, according to health authorities – a new daily record since the Covid-19 illness began spreading in December 2019. Also, South Korea announced the seventh death. At the same time, 409 new cases of infection were confirmed by… February 24, 2020 In "Foreign"