By Salisu Sani-Idris ABUJA – The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has evacuated the Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) dumped by a man who participated in the burial rites of Malam Abba Kyari, at the Gudu cemetery, Abuja. Dr Mohammed Kawu, acting Secretary Health and Human Services Secretariat of the FCTA, made this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja. Kawu also said that the man in question and others who that participated in the burial but were not properly kitted have been identified and are being isolated. He said that necessary tests would conducted on all of them to determine their level of exposure and ensure that they do not infect other people. ”The Health and Human Services Secretariat of the FCT Administration has noted with concern the video trending on social media, showing a man pulling off his PPE unprofessionally after participating in the burial of late Abba Kyari, at the Gudu cemetery, Abuja. ”The Public Health Department has since taken necessary action. ”The said PPE left over by the individual has been professionally evacuated and the entire cemetery has been decontaminated,” Kawu said. He said that the FCT administration had taken steps to ensure that all future burials of victims of COVID-19 are conducted in line with protocols established by the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). He, therefore, urged the FCT residents to remain calm and rest assured that the FCT administration would continue to do all that was necessary to curtail and eventually end the spread of the COVID-19 in Abuja. (NAN) According to The PUNCH, the Health and Human Services Secretariat of the Federal Capital Territory Administration has said that all the persons who participated in the burial of the late Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, have been put in isolation. It also disclosed that its officials had… April 19, 2020 In "News" •The late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari The Presidency has announced that there will be no condolence visits to the family of the late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mr Abba Kyari. The Senior Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Garba Shehu, said this in… April 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, who died on Friday from COVID-19 was buried today (Saturday) at Gudu Cemetery, Abuja.Here are photos of the burial: Sympathisers at the burial of Chief of Staff to the President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari at Gudu Cemetery… April 18, 2020 In "News"