LAGOS – The Lagos State Government has announced that it would be offering free medical services to pregnant women and other persons with health emergencies in the state. The state governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, announced this during a briefing on Saturday, as part of palliative measures to cushion the effect of the lockdown imposed to fight the spread of COVID-19. According to the governor, the development is an additional measure to complement the welfare food stimulus package already in place in the state. “The Lagos State Government will for the duration of this lockdown, in the first instance throughout the month of April, take full responsibility for the medical bills of all patients who fall under the following categories and present themselves at all our secondary health facilities, meaning our 27 general hospitals and the maternal and child health facilities that we have round the state. “Emergencies, casualties, cases including registration, laboratory tests and surgeries will be treated free of charge,” Sanwo-Olu said. (Channels TV) Be friendly in enforcing the lockdown order announced on Sunday by President Muhammadu Buhari. That was the charge of the Lagos state governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu to security agents on Monday night as lockdown in Lagos commenced 11pm. The Governor called for high professionalism on the part of the enforcement team… March 31, 2020 In "Politics" DAY ONE OF THE RESTRICTION   Lagosians  experienced today the beginning of the 14-day restriction of movement ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari in a bid to stop the Coronavirus pandemic.   I would like to note the high level of our people's compliance with this presidential directive. It has shown… March 31, 2020 In "Top Stories" Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has ordered the closure of markets, stores in the state with effect from Thursday. According to him, markets that sell essential commodities such as medical equipment, water, foodstuff are exempted. The governor in a press conference o Tuesday said, “It is not a total lockdown,… March 24, 2020 In "News"