By Allen Kisakye Ministry of Health permanent secretary has revealed that Ugandans living in institutional quarantine have started having sex with each other. The development is worrying the Ministry of Health (MOH) as breaking social distance measures only encourages the spread of the disease among this already risky group. Permanent Secretary Diana Atwine while on Radio One talk show said they were greatly concerned that the practice was jeopardizing the government’s efforts to curb the spreading of the disease because these people get out of their rooms and have romance with other people who they only met in quarantine centres. “Ugandans are not serious. Some who are in quarantine have even begun having (sexual) affairs. They move to rooms of others in the hotels where we have placed them. Others like in Mulago move from their rooms to visit their colleagues who are in other rooms, this is too dangerous and it will distract our efforts,” said Atwiine. She revealed that this was the reason some people have not been released ever since they learnt about this practice. The ministry gives 14 days for the targeted people to remain in quarantine so that they keep them from spreading the disease. Currently, security officers have been deployed to stop or limit movements within quarantine centres. Last month the Ministry of Health gazetted 17 places to be used as isolation centres for those undergoing mandatory quarantine in a bid to stop the escalating coronavirus cases. Such areas include Hotels, Hospitals, lodges and Universities currently they are over 232 people under quarantine. According to MOH these places are located around Kampala city and Entebbe Municipality and were identified after an assessment to guarantee everyone’s safety regardless of their social status. Covid19 cases in Uganda as per now are 54 cases with 7 recoveries. •Watchdog Uganda Three out of the 17 pilots and flight attendants who flew 14 Chinese medical doctors and medical supplies from China to Nigeria on Wednesday have boycotted the Lagos quarantine centre provided by the Lagos State Government, investigations by Sunday PUNCH have revealed. The crew, who flew Air Peace’s Boeing 777-200ER… April 12, 2020 In "Health" Sierra Leone began a quarantine of more than one million people on Thursday in the largest lockdown of west Africa’s Ebola outbreak, as world leaders met to discuss the crisis at the UN. The northern districts of Port Loko and Bombali were to be closed off along with the southern… September 25, 2014 In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has called on the Federal Government to provide more standard isolation centres across the country to check likely spread of Coronavirus(COVID-19). He made the call on Tuesday, at a meeting with the Health Minister and officials of the… March 3, 2020 In "News"