Many foreigners, especially tourists, were stranded in India when domestic and international flights were abruptly cancelled last month in a bid to curb transmission of the coronavirus. India has sent back 20,473 foreigners who wanted to return to their countries following the Covid-19 global pandemic, it was revealed on Friday (April 10). “So far, we have successfully evacuated 20,473 foreign nationals as of yesterday. This is an ongoing process,” said Dammu Ravi, Coordinator on Covid-19 issues at the Ministry of External Affairs, MEA. “This involves several countries,” Ravi said during the daily government briefing on Covid-19, although he could not list the countries offhand. “We are receiving excellent cooperation from governments all over the world for this process.” Many foreigners, especially tourists, were stranded in India when domestic and international flights were abruptly cancelled last month in a bid to curb transmission of the coronavirus. The Ministry of Tourism has asked stranded foreigners to get in touch with the government through a special portal started for the purpose, through their embassies in India and other sources to facilitate their evacuation if they wished to head home. As of Friday evening, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare had confirmed 6,761 Covid-19 cases in India, of whom 515 patients have been cured. There were 206 deaths reported from across the country. Two states, Punjab and Orissa, have extended the ongoing lockdown until April 30. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will consult state chief ministers on Saturday to decide whether to extend the country-wide lockdown, which is due to end at midnight on April 14. Thursday in a bid to get out of the country amid a month-long lockdown on the main island designed to stop the spread of the new coronavirus. Foreigners and Filipinos crowded Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila to try to get on a flight out of the country, where 217… March 19, 2020 In "Foreign" Nairobi - The coronavirus spread further across Africa on Wednesday, with Burkina Faso reporting its first death and new cases found in at least three more countries. Africa had for weeks been spared from the virus, but it has now been confirmed in more than half of the continent’s 54… March 18, 2020 In "Foreign" Manila - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, on Tuesday, placed the country under a “state of calamity” to help government units implement a lockdown aimed at containing the spread of the coronavirus disease. The state of calamity, which will be in effect for six months, would allow government units to release… March 17, 2020 In "Foreign"