By Segun Giwa Akure – A member of the House of Representatives and the Deputy Chairman, House Committee on Army, Hon. Tajudeen Adefisoye has risen in defence of the Nigerian Army on the recent redeployment of some senior officers. Adefisoye, who is the member representing Idanre/Ifedore Federal Constituency, said in an interview with newsmen on Friday in Akure that the criticism that greeted the redeployment of Maj.-Gen. Olusegun Adeniyi was needless. It would be recalled that Maj.-Gen. Olusegun Adeniyi was few days ago removed as the Theatre Commander of Operation LAFIYA DOLE and redeployed to the Nigerian Army Resource Centre as a Senior Research Fellow. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Nigerian Army had redeployed over 50 senior officers earlier in the week. Adefisoye described the castigation of the Army on account of the redeployment of one officer out of 50 that were redeployed as not only needless, but totally unwarranted. He said that the army institution in Nigeria and in other parts of the world were not like the regular corporate business establishments that were managed by technocrats and management staff. “I am of the opinion that civilians are not expertly qualified to question the operational tactics and redeployment in the army. “Officers can be transferred from one command to another at any time if it is well perceived that old strategies are no longer yielding desired result for the military institution,” Adefisoye emphasised. He also said that the call by some people for the removal of the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, was not the solution to the ongoing war against insurgency. “Removing the Chief of Army Staff is not the solution to ending this Boko Haram war. On the other hand, removal of the theatre commander is a tactical strategy that is aimed at ensuring total defeat of Boko Haram. “We need to realise that the Chief of Army Staff who is in charge of that institution has undoubtedly passed through the ranks of the Army before he became a Lieutenant General,” he said. He described Buratai as a highly experienced and competent officer, who was daily changing tactics with the aim of bringing an end to the ongoing war on insurgency in the country. “The Army Chief had seen it all and fought in several wars within and outside the country. I am quite upbeat that he is very much on course to defeat Boko Haram if only we could give him our maximum support. “The bitter truth about the insurgency war is that replacement of the Chief of Army Staff with another member of his team or perhaps a junior officer will still not make any difference. “The expected result on this insurgency may be a mirage after all if we don’t collectively fight the Boko Haram insurgency. “It is expected that even if a junior officer is appointed to replace General Burutai today, the same junior officer will still run to the present Army Chief for all sorts of advice every now and then,” he said. (NAN)