BackYahooCoronavirus: Woman ‘named and shamed’ by neighbours on Facebook for not joining clap for carersRichard Williams, news reporterSky News24 April 2020, 15:50 GMT+1A woman says she was “named and shamed” by neighbours after she fell asleep and missed the weekly clap for carers tribute to NHS staff and key workers. The mother said had been tired after “a rough night” with her son, and inadvertently failed to take part in the event despite having done so in previous weeks. And writing on internet forum Mumsnet, the woman said she was later publicly criticised on the local community Facebook page. “I was mortified. The post said everyone else turned out and I showed the street up and if I can’t spend a minute showing my appreciation I don’t deserve to use the NHS if I or my family get ill. “I ignored it at the time but I can’t get it out of my head it’s really upset me.” The message prompted an outpouring of sympathy from others in the forum, including a series of people who said they worked for the NHS. The woman went on to write: “I just feel like I’m a total outcast on my previously friendly street now even though only one person posted it and only two others agreed “It’s really disturbing how quickly people are ready to turn on each other and ‘report’ each other.” She added that her husband had advised her against replying, but said she was “tempted” to do so. One user said in response: “I know why you feel upset but honestly, you shouldn’t. “I work for the NHS and I don’t go in for the clapping, and I wouldn’t judge anyone else who didn’t.” Another user replied: “Just reply ‘sorry, didn’t think I should leave my vomiting child to clap’ to shame them back. Awful. “I’m NHS, no one in my street claps, including me.” And another user who said they were an NHS employee said she thought the neighbours’ behaviour was “absolutely awful”. “The clapping is lovely and demonstrates the support the NHS is receiving right now. “I do think the idea of clapping though could be replaced by better political decisions and funding – unfortunately clapping solves no problem we face right now.” Launched by Dutch Londoner Annemarie Plas, the Clap for our Carers campaign sees people expressing gratitude for essential workers during the coronavirus pandemic, by clapping, cheering or – in some cases – banging pots and pans from their windows or doorsteps at 8pm each Thursday. The woman who originally posted the message has been contacted for comment. Source: Sky News