Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested negative for coronavirus. Recall that the governor had tested positive for the virus on March 24. Sharing the good news about his recent test result on Thursday evening via his Twitter handle, he said he has now tested negative for the virus. He also appreciated the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control as well as religious leaders within and outside the state. He wrote, “Alhamdulillah. I just received the green light. My second test for #COVID19 returned negative. I thank you all for your prayers & support even while I was in isolation. Most importantly, all the praises & thanks be to Allah – the Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful. #GreaterBauchi “My gratitude also goes to our religious leaders within and outside the state for their constant prayers, also our meticulous Bauchi #COVIDー19 team and the NCDC.” Alhamdulillah. I just received the green light. My second test for #COVID19 returned negative. I thank you all for your prayers & support even while I was in isolation. Most importantly, all the praises & thanks be to Allah – the Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful. #GreaterBauchi Source The activities Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai engaged in days before he tested positive for COVID-19, have been revealed. Recall that El-Rufai had on Saturday via Twitter, revealed that he tested positive for the deadly coronavirus. He is in self isolation as required by the case management guidelines… March 30, 2020 In "News" Since Nigeria recorded the index case of COVID-19 on February 27, the number of confirmed cases keeps increasing. As at 09:30pm on April 7, there were 254 confirmed cases reported by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC).Number of deaths recorded so far is 7 while 44 people have recovered… April 8, 2020 In "News" By Abujah Rachael Abuja - Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), says Lagos State still has the highest number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria with 44 cases. Ihekweazu made this known to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja, while giving… March 27, 2020 In "News"