By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President Muhammadu Buhari has reacted to the death of his Chief of Staff,  Abba Kyari who died on Friday of COVID-19 where he was receiving treatment in Lagos hospital. Buhari who described the death of the late Chief of Staff as a shared loss, said Abba was the very best of us. He was made of the stuff that makes Nigeria great. He made those remarks on Sunday, while commiserating with Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno State and some leading traditional rulers of the State to offer his condolences over the death of his Chief of Staff, Malam Abba Kyari, a native of the State. Garba Shehu, the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, in a statement in Abuja, on Sunday, said the President also condoled with the District Head of Banki and elder brother of late Chief of Staff, Zanna Baba Shehu Arjinoma. In the telephone conversation, the President commiserated with the head of the family and members, Shehu of Borno, Shehu Abubakar Ibn Umar Garbai El-Kanemi, Shehu of Bama, Shehu Kyari ibn Umar ibn Ibrahim Elkenemi. Buhari described the death of the late Chief of Staff as a shared loss, and urged the government and people of Borno, members of the family to take solace in the fact that Malam Kyari lived a life worthy of example. He said, “Abba was the very best of us. He was made of the stuff that makes Nigeria great.” Shehu revealed that the President had continued to receive messages from far and wide, condoling him and the nation following the demise of his Chief of Staff. ”Among those who called or sent letters are: former President, General Ibrahim Babangida; Governors of Rivers, Nyesom Wike, Enugu, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, Yobe, Mai Mala Buni, Taraba, Darius Dickson Ishaku and the President’s classmates, who enrolled in 1953 into the Katsina Middle School, through their leader Sen. Abba Ali. ”The President also received messages from the President of the United Nations General Assembly, Prof. Tijjani Muhammad-Bande, the global network of Editors, the International Press Institute (IPI) and the President of the Nigerian Guild of Editors, Mustapha Isa, the Emir of Kano, Aminu Ado Bayero,” he said. Shehu further disclosed that the patriarch of the Dantata family in Kano, Alhaji Aminu Dantata, the leader of the Izala religious movement in Nigeria, Alhaji Bala Lau: renowned Kano preacher, Tijjani Kalarawi and Deputy Majority Leader of the Senate, Bala Ibn Na’Allah also condoled with the Nigerian leader. Others, who sent their messages of condolences included the Nigerian Ambassador to the USA, Justice Sylvanus Nsofor, Emir of Anka, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, and Sen. Umaru Kurfi. The Nigeria’s Turkish partner in the Defence Industries Corporation, Burhan Karabult and Prof. James Momoh, Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission also condoled with the president over the death of his chief of staff •The late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari The Presidency has announced that there will be no condolence visits to the family of the late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mr Abba Kyari. The Senior Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Garba Shehu, said this in… April 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari was an enigma of some sort while he was alive. He represented so many things to so many people and may have died as the most understood person. To some who… April 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Babagana Kingibe Three frontrunners have emerged in the race for a successor to Mallam Abba Kyari, erstwhile Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, who succumbed to Coronavirus on Friday and was buried yesterday in Abuja.  •Hammed Ali The three, according to informed sources, are Ambassador Babagana Kingibe, who was… April 19, 2020 In "Top Stories"