LAGOS – The Lagos State Police Command has arrested Funke Akindele for hosting a party in contravention of the lockdown order in Lagos State, The PUNCH can confirm. The Lagos State Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, told The PUNCH that the actress had been taken to the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, Yaba. He told The PUNCH, “Yes, we have (arrested) Funke Akindele and we are looking for the others. She has been taken to SCID.” The PUNCH learnt that policemen arrived Amen Estate off Lekki-Epe Expressway in about three patrol vehicles. Akindele, popularly known as Jenifa, who is married to singer, Abdulrasheed Bello aka JJC Skillz, held a party in his honour on Saturday. Singer, Azeez Fashola aka Naira Marley, also graced the party, which had over 20 others in attendance. Thousands of Nigerians on social media called for the arrest Akindele, popularly called ‘Jenifa’. The actress, who is said to be an ambassador for the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and Dettol, has appeared in adverts calling on Nigerians to observe social distancing and hygiene. She later apologised over the incident, saying most of those who attended the party were colleagues, who were living temporarily within the estate and could not return to their home states because of the lockdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Lagos Infection Diseases Regulations 2020 (the Regulations) prescribes a jail term of one month or N100,000 fine or both for persons found guilty of hosting gatherings or flouting the lockdown order. Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele has explained why her husband celebrated his birthday which led to social gathering amidst coronavirus pandemic. The star actress and her producer husband JJC Skillz early Sunday morning came under heavy bashing from Nigerians on social media. The backlash that trailed the celebrity couple was due… April 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Actress, movie producer Funke Akindele aka Jenifa has has lost her dad. He was a retired school principal before he died.  The actress who stunned at the grand premiere of her first major directorial debut movie, Your Excellency, last night shared the sad news on her Instagram pgae moments ago.  Sharing… December 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigeria’s movie industry,also known as Nollywood is the third largest producer of movies in the world. There is no doubt that the movie industry has created a lot of opportunities for many talented actors and actresses. Nigeria; a country with more than 160 million people already offers a huge market… September 19, 2019 In "Entertainment"