By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota (Ogun)  –   Special Marshals of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Agbado, Ogun, on Wednesday donated sanitisers and food worth N320,000 to some agencies in the area. Speaking during the distribution exercise, the Agbado Unit Coordinator of FRSC, Mr Jim Sanni, said there was the need for collective efforts in containing the coronavirus. “We discovered that officers of agencies like FRSC, Police, TRACE and NSCDC are exposed to the public with little or no protection,” he said. He said that the exercise was to encourage other people and organisations to extend the same gesture to the agencies in order to curtail the pandemic in the country. Sanni also said that the lockdown directive by President Muhammadu Buhari was necessary to check further spread of the pandemic. “If it is not absolutely necessary to go out, stay at home to combat the pandemic,” he said. In his remarks, CSP Olaore Adebayo, the Divisional Police Officer of Ijaiye Ojokoro Police Division, expressed gratitude over the donation. “We are very grateful and God will replenish your pockets,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some of the places visited to distribute the items included Alakuko, Ijaiye and Ojokoro police stations. (NAN) By Yetunde Fatungase Mowe (Ogun) - The Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), on Tuesday donated intensive care medical equipment to the Ogun Government to assist it in the containment of COVID-19 pandemic. The equipment include: two ventilators; two intensive care unit beds; two infusion pumps; one vital signs monitor… April 7, 2020 In "News" By Yinusa Ishola Offa (Kwara) - Few hours to the commencement of Kwara Government’s 14-day total lockdown directive in Offa, residents are rushing to stock their homes with foodstuff and other household goods. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) who monitored the situation on Wednesday reports that… April 8, 2020 In "Metro" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB) has called on Nollywood stakeholders to promote government’s precautionary measures against the spread of coronavirus pandemic. The Executive Director of NFVCB, Mr Adebayo Thomas, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… April 5, 2020 In "Entertainment"