By Onimisi Alao, Yola Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State has lifted restrictions in intrastate movement as a major part of a relax of the lockdown he imposed on the state two weeks ago. He said in a review broadcast Tuesday evening that following impressive compliance to regulations of the initial lockdown, he had concluded on the safety of relaxing some of the measures. He directed that civil servants who had been asked to work from home in the spirit of the initial lockdown should resume work Wednesday, but that all schools would remain shut till further notice. He stressed that while movement is allowed within the state, moving in from any other state or country would remain prohibited. He said while commercial motorcycles (Keke Napep) which serve as taxis in major towns across the state could now operate, they must not carry more than two passengers at the same time. He urged the people to maintain social distancing and for religious organisations to organise no meeting that would have more than 50 people in attendance. He assured that his government would retain all efforts to ensure that the state remains free of the COVID-19 pandemic. “This administration will not relent in its commitment to keep Adamawa State off the COVID-19 pandemic map,” he said, adding, “Our capacity to handle cases is improving by the day and the Adamawa State COVID-19 Containment Committee is constantly in touch with the National Centre for Disease Control (NCSC) to train more hands in case of any eventuality.” According to him, “Government is also working to raise diagnostic capacity of the state through a request for the establishment of a testing unit at the Federal Medical Centre where the requisite equipment and trained personnel are available.” The Nation •President Muhammadu Buhari The conundrum: Do we sustain the lockdown to contain coronavirus and risk the upsurge of insecurity and citizens’ unrest or do we lift the restrictions and find other means of controlling the spread of COVID-19? For a country like Nigeria with complexities and deprecable socio-economic indices, imposing… April 13, 2020 In "Opinion" The Federal Government has warned that relaxing or suspending some measures put in place to combat the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) spread, especially restriction on movement and social distancing, at this time would backfire. Coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Dr Sani Aliyu, sounded this warning on Friday… April 10, 2020 In "News" Residents of some communities in the Federal Capital Territory, Ogun and Lagos states on Sunday violated the President, Muhammadu Buhari’s lockdown order. On Saturday and Sunday, PUNCH observed that although there was compliance with the order within the Abuja metropolis, residents of its suburbs who cited hunger,went out contrary to… April 6, 2020 In "News"