By Awayi Kuje  Karu (Nasarawa State)  – Mr Akala Samuel, Chairman, Karu Local Government Council, Nasarawa State, says the fight against Coronavirus is a collective responsibility that every citizen must be involved in. Samuel, in a statement issued by the council’s Information Officer, Mr Alhassan Nasser, in Karu on Monday, urged Nigerians to join in the fight to contain the spread of the virus. “We must comply with the restriction of movement; we must also wash our hands regularly and maintain good hygiene,” he said. He said that Karu Local Government had taken measure to monitor people coming to Nasarawa State through the Nyanya-Mararaban Gurku boarder. “It is in view of this that I am calling for total compliance to the two-weeks lockdown order imposed by the state government. It is the surest way to contain the spread of the coronavirus in the state. “It is also good to know that adhering to the medical advice is in our own interest and the overall safery of the country,” the council chairman said. He advised the residents of the area and other Nigerians to embrace social distancing and avoid social gathering in order to contain the spread of the disease. He also called for a working synergy between the Nasarawa state Government and the authority of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Administration in the fight against corona virus. NAN reports that on April 2, the Nasarawa state government imposed a curfew on Karu Local Government Area because of its proximity with the FCT, as part of measures to curb the spread of COVID-19. (NAN). By Awayi Kuje Karu (Nasarawa State) - Alhaji Hashimu Jibrin-Gurku, Special Adviser to Nasarawa governor on Erosion Control and Waste Management has advised Karu residents against indiscriminate dumping of refuse along Karu-Abuja highway. Jibrin-Gurku in a interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday, said that the practise… February 16, 2020 In "News" Karu (Nasarawa)- The Etsu of Karu, Nasarawa State, Mr Luka Panya-Baba, has described the death of Karu local government council chairman, Mr Godwin Chindo, as a monumental loss. Panya-Baba said the loss was not only to the people of his emirate, but also to the entire state and the nation… May 31, 2015 In "News" Karu (Nasarawa State) - The Nasarawa State Government on Friday reinstated its commitment to complete the construction of Mararaba/Aso/Gurku roads soon to reduce the regular gridlocks. Mr Hassan Ogbole, the Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to Gov. Tanko Al-Makura on Urban Development Control made the commitment while speaking in an interview… August 21, 2015 In "News"