By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Taiwo Ayeleru,  28 has reportedly been caught and jailed for twelve months with hard labour in Lagos after he was caught peeping at a husband and wife having sex at night in their matrimonial home. The incident happened at Adekule Street, Isolo area of Lagos, where the couple, Mr. and Mrs. Okechukwu Agbo, resides with their family. Taiwo Ayeleru was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment with hard labour. The convicted Taiwo had admitted before the Isolo Magistrate Court that he sneaked into the couple’s apartment to steal but eventually met them having sex. The sex scene reportedly caught his attention and started watching while he forgot his mission to steal. It was reliably gathered that Taiwo had gone to a church known as Anointed Power Evangelical, stole a phone belonging to one Olugbadi Anuoluwapo and went away before moving over to the couple’s apartment in the same Isolo area to steal. The husband, Mr.Okechukwu, was said to have put off their power generating set, went to bed with his wife after he bolted the door net but left the door open. Taiwo Ayeleru reportedly opened the net, entered the apartment and met the couple having sex. He fell for the screaming and moaning and started watching them. However, the husband, who sensed that someone had entered their apartment, reportedly flashed his torch light on Taiwo and he ran away. He then raised alarm which attracted other neighbours, who pursued the intruder, Taiwo and eventually apprehended him. They then handed him over to the Police at Isolo Division. During interrogation, he confessed that he went there to steal but was unable to steal anything before he was caught. After interrogation, the Police found him culpable and charged him before Isolo Magistrate Court. Initially, he pleaded not guilty. He was granted bail in the sum of N100,000 with two sureties in like sum. The prosecutor, Mr. Oje Uagbale, asked the Court to give a date for hearing to enable the Police to prove the allegation. The Presiding Magistrate, Mrs. O. A. Teluwo, adjourned the matter till a later date. However, Taiwo Ayeleru changed his plea on the adjourned date, pleaded guilty and asked for forgiveness. The prosecutor, Mr. Uagbale, presented the fact of the matter and asked the Court to sentence him accordingly to serve as deterrent. The Court found him guilty and sentenced him accordingly. (Nigerian Observer)