London  –   Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, celebrated their 15th wedding anniversary at their home in Scotland on Thursday. No public events were planned to mark the anniversary, with Britain in near-lockdown to curb the spread of the coronavirus and Charles having recovered last week from infection with the virus. Camilla ended her self-isolation on Monday after Charles, the heir to the British throne, was quarantined with mild COVID-19 symptoms. Ahead of their anniversary, Clarence House issued a photograph of the royal couple taken on Wednesday at their Birkhall home in Scotland with Camilla’s dogs Bluebell and Beth. Charles, 71, and Camilla, 72, married in 2005 following years of controversy over their relationship. She has been accepted as integral member of the royal family since then. Charles had married Lady Diana Spencer in 1981 in a ceremony that gripped the country. But Charles and Diana’s marriage was dogged by rumors of a continuing relationship with his former girlfriend, the then married Camilla Parker-Bowles. In 1992, the government announced that Charles and Diana planned to separate, in 1997, she died in hospital after being seriously injured in a car crash in a Paris tunnel. (dpa/NAN) According to BBC, the Prince of Wales has tested positive for coronavirus, Clarence House has confirmed. Prince Charles, 71, is displaying mild symptoms "but otherwise remains in good health", a spokesman said. The Duchess of Cornwall, 72, has also been tested but does not have the virus. Clarence House said… March 25, 2020 In "Foreign" Berlin - German Chancellor Angela Merkel has invited Britain’s Prince Charles and his wife Camilla to see her in her Berlin office when they visit next week, a government spokeswoman said in Berlin on Friday. Asked whether the invitation was part of a charm offensive during the protracted and difficult… May 3, 2019 In "Foreign" London -  Prince Harry’s American fiancée Meghan Markle on Monday took part in her first official royal engagement with Britain’s Queen Elizabeth since the couple announced they were getting married last year. Markle joined her husband-to-be and Britain’s other senior royals including Harry’s father, Prince Charles, and his elder brother… March 12, 2018 In "Entertainment"