ABUJA – Nigeria has received a consignment of fifty ventilators and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) from the United Nation’s Development Programme (UNDP). The UNDP Nigeria revealed this in a tweet on its official handle, where it noted that the materials were bought with funds from the COVID-19 Basket Fund for Nigeria. According to the UNDP Nigeria, the consignment of the A30 ventilators and other medical supplies, arrived at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, on Tuesday evening. “The consignment of 50 A30 ventilators and personal protective supplies was procured with funds from the recently launched COVID-19 Basket Fund for #Nigeria including USD $2 million mobilised within the @UNinNigeria and a USD $200,000 contribution from @APMTApapa,” the agency tweeted. The United Nations Resident Coordinator and Humanitarian Coordinator in Nigeria, Edward Kallon, who handed over the items to the country, said the UN has now “walked the talk” in helping the country’s government in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic. “As always,” Kallon said on his Twitter handle, “the @UN_Nigeria has walked the talk of supporting Nigerian Government’s response to #coronavirus. “I am so pleased to hand over to Gov’t the essential medical supplies, including 50 ventilators, procured from #COVID19 Basket Fund.” On his part, the UNDP Representative to Nigeria, Mo Yahaya, expressed delight at receiving the medical supplies on behalf of the country. By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The 18-member team of Chinese experts will be arriving soon with “globally scarce supplies” in the fight against the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, disclosed this on Monday in Abuja, at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF), briefing on COVID-19 in the country.… April 6, 2020 In "Health" By Chiazo Ogbolu Lagos - Mr Boss Mustapha, Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, has called for cooperation from all sectors in the fight against the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.Mustapha said this while receiving volunteer personnel, ambulance, buses, and… April 13, 2020 In "News" •L-R: Coordinator, Abuja Zonal Office, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Mr. Zailani Musa Attah, who represented the NIMASA DG, Dr. Bashir Jamoh; Permanent Secretary, General Services Office, Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Sir Olusegun Adekunle Esq; and Secretary to the Government of the… April 13, 2020 In "NIMASA & Maritime"