Mumbai – The number of confirmed new coronavirus cases in South Asia neared 6,000 on Saturday, even as authorities in some cities tightened restrictions on movement and warned lockdowns could be extended in a bid to rein in the pandemic. “If people don’t obey the rules seriously and cases continue to rise, then there may be no option but to extend the lockdown,” Rajesh Tope, the Health Minister of Maharashtra state, which includes the financial hub Mumbai, told Reuters. “It could be extended in Mumbai and urban areas of Maharashtra by two weeks.’’ India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi said this week the country will pull out of the planned three-week lockdown in a phased manner. India has been hardest hit by the disease in South Asia with some 2,902 cases, of which 68 have died. Maharashtra has 516 confirmed cases of COVID-19 and 26 people have died. While the government does plan to review the lockdown, set to end on April 14, three senior officials told Reuters, this will depend on an assessment of the situation in each state, and lockdowns and restrictions would be extended in districts where the coronavirus spread has continued. Public transport in large metros such as Mumbai, Bengaluru and Delhi, may only be restored in a phased manner, days after the lockdown ends, said the officials, who asked not to be named as the plans were still under discussion. The number of COVID-19 cases have more than doubled in South Asia in the last week. Health experts warn an epidemic in the region, home to a fifth of the world’s population, could overwhelm its already weak public health systems. But Muslim-majority Pakistan and Bangladesh, and India, home to the world’s largest Muslim minority, have struggled to convince conservative religious groups to maintain social distancing. On Friday, Pakistani Muslims at a Karachi mosque clashed with baton-wielding police, trying to enforce new curbs on gatherings to prevent Friday prayers and contain coronavirus infections, officials said. This came after the government in the southern province of Sindh, home to the financial hub of Karachi, enforced a three-hour curfew on Friday afternoon, in a bid to persuade Muslim worshippers to pray at home. Pakistan has so far reported 2,547 coronavirus infections, fuelled by a jump in cases related to members of the Tablighi Jamaat, an orthodox Muslim proselytising group. Following is data on the spread of the coronavirus in South Asia, according to government figures: According to data released by governments of the South Asian, India has registered 2,902 cases, including 68 deaths while Pakistan registered 2,547 cases, including 37 deaths. Also, Afghanistan registered 281 cases, including six deaths, Sri Lanka registered 159 cases, including five deaths just as Bangladesh registered 61 cases, including six deaths. The Maldives registered 32 cases and no deaths while Nepal and Bhutan registered six and five cases respectively with no deaths recorded yet. (Reuters/NAN) Cape Town - South Africa on Friday reported its first two deaths from Covid-19 and more than 1,000 confirmed cases of the respiratory disease, as the country began a three-week lockdown to curb the pandemic. According to the Health Minister Zweli Mkhize, both deaths occurred in the nation’s Western Cape… March 27, 2020 In "Foreign" New Delhi - India has begun converting railway carriages and sports stadiums into isolation wards to deal with an expected surge in coronavirus cases even as some sports facilities have been turned into temporary jails for lockdown violators. Indian Railways said on Wednesday work had begun on modifying 20,000 carriages… April 1, 2020 In "Foreign" By Praveen Duddu One Asian country and six European countries are among the ten most affected list of countries with coronavirus, while more European countries are witnessing a surge in cases. As many as 11 European countries are among the top 15 countries with the highest number of coronavirus cases in… March 19, 2020 In "Top Stories"