Bern –   FIFA President, Gianni Infantino, has warned against re-starting football competitions too early amid the Coronavirus pandemic.Infantino told FIFA’s 211 member associations on Friday that such behaviour would be irresponsible.It would be recalled that soccer matches around the world has come to a standstill with domestic leagues on hold and major tournaments such as Euro 2020 and the Copa America postponed for one year as a result of Coronavirus pandemic.“Our first priority, our principle, the one we will use for our competitions and encourage everyone to follow is that health comes first. “I cannot stress this enough. No match, no competition, no league is worth risking a single human life. Everyone in the world should have this very clear in their mind,” Infantino said in a statement. Meanwhile, discussions are being held around the world over when and how to re-start the season while some countries have disagreements over whether players should face pay cuts. “It would be more than irresponsible to force competitions to resume if things are not 100 per cent safe. “If we have to wait a little longer we must do so. It’s better to wait a little bit longer than to take any risks,” FIFA president said. Ifantino reiterated that FIFA was assessing the financial impact of the stoppage so it could prepare the right response. “You have to know that we will be there and we will find solutions together. “You will never be alone… (and) the world will know where the money goes and, equally important, why the money goes there. “If football manages to have a discussion where everyone contributes positively, and keeps in mind the global interest over the individual one, I am convinced our future can be better than our past, and we will be better prepared for the times ahead,” Infantino said. (Reuters/NAN) President of the Senate, Bukola Saraki, has urged football administrators to learn to accept defeat in the interest of the immediate environment and the larger society. Saraki, who received visiting FIFA President Gianni Infantino on Monday in Abuja, said they should not engage in the ``pull-the-house-down’’ syndrome when things did… July 25, 2016 In "News" Abuja - FIFA President Gianni Infantino said on Monday that Africa would get additional two slots from the 2026 edition of the World Cup. Infantino who said this in Abuja during his interaction with the newsmen noted that the idea was part of his vision to transform football in Africa.… July 26, 2016 In "Sports" By Olawale Alabi Moscow -  FIFA President Gianni Infantino says the 2018 FIFA World Cup has gone well beyond all expectations and the football world will be by Russia’s side to ensure lasting legacies. Infantino said on Friday in Moscow that Russia 2018 has been the best World Cup so… July 13, 2018 In "Sports"