ABUJA – Following the footsteps of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) the Association of Licensed Telecommunications Operators of Nigeria (ALTON) has said that there is no iota of truth that 5G Technology is the cause of the Coronavirus pandemic. Noting that the virus is also spreading in places without 5G networks like Nigeria. According to a statement by the Association made available to Nigeria CommunicationsWeek, “there are many parts of the world that do not have 5G coverage yet but are still affected by the virus e.g Parts of United Kingdom, Iran, Russia has no 5G for commercial use (except for some of their military deployments) among others. “While aligning with Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, that 5G has not been licensed by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) in Nigeria, however, telecommunication standards are prescribed for use by the relevant international Regulatory Agencies after thorough and comprehensive tests have been carried out to ensure particularly that all approved standards are safe for the Human environment and health. Note therefore that all spectrum and frequencies used today by the mobile and satellite industries, have been extensively researched and are covered by the international safety guidelines”. The statement signed by Engr. Gbega Adebayo, chairman of ALTON, noted that in all the generations of wireless network technology (5G,4G,3G,2G&1G), mobile data is transmitted over radio waves. “Other types of technology that use radio waves include smart meters, TV and radio transmitters, and radar and satellite communications. Most modern medical laboratory equipment use radio waves, some use nuclear radiation, but they are used within the guidelines. We dare say that every medication has recommended dosage. Even too much food and drinks can become injurious to health. “This is basically the same principle on which radio waves operate. There are acceptable safe limits, which are determined, specified, regulated and supervised by International Technology Regulatory bodies as stated above. ALTON therefore notes with concern that the laying of fibre cables are associated with rumours around the rollout of 5G. “ALTON hereby affirms that fibre cables are used to safeguard the existing 1G/2G/3G/4G networks and provide additional capacity to the existing networks, which is intended to enhance user experience and network availability. “Fibre cables are also used to replace microwave equipment, thereby reducing equipment on telecommunications masts”. The Association stated that damaging or limiting the laying of fibre cables will severely affect the ability of Network Operators to provide the necessary services to both subscribers and enterprise customers and this will adversely impact the integrity of the networks. ALTON unequivocally states that there is NO association whatsoever between the laying of fibre cables with the rollout of 5G, as 5G is not yet licensed in Nigeria. ALTON however, assured the public that the theories that are being spread about 5G on social media and News Media are baseless and are not grounded in accepted scientific theory. It quoted Mats Granryd, Director General of the GSMA, – the global Communications Industry body as stating that: “The telecoms industry is working around the clock to keep vital health, education and emergency services online, businesses running, and friends and families connected. It is deplorable that critical communications infrastructure is being attacked in some places, based on outright mistruths. We urge everyone to trust the health authorities and rest assured, communications technology is safe. There is no link between 5G and Covid-19.” ALTON as well assured that telecommunications masts and towers in Nigeria are safe and their EMF emissions are not harmful to human health and are not only regulated in line with International Regulatory Agencies guidelines but also by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), the Industry regulator. Sundiata Post recalls that both the NCC and the Ministry of Communication and Digital Economy have earlier issued statements on 5G. While the minister, Dr Isa Pantami, had said the government had not yet issued any 5G licence, the NCC came out strongly to debunk any claim of nexus between 5G and COVID-19. (Nigeria Communications Week) By Chibuike Nwabuko •Prof Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman of NCC Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Communication Commission (NCC) has reacted to the rumour making rounds linking 5G to COVID-19, and has cleared all doubts surrounding the conspiracy theory. The statement from NCC reads: "In view of the recent… April 6, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) says there’s no is no correlation between the Fifth Generation Technology (5G), Coronavirus (COVID-19) and Security. Dr Henry Nkemadu, Director, Public Affairs, NCC made this clarification in a statement following recent materials being circulated, linking COVID-19 with 5G Technology. The statement, which was signed by… April 6, 2020 In "News" One would ordinarily have dismissed the “controversy” around 5G technology and the strange connection with COVID-19 being stridently pursued by some people as ignorant rants occasioned by the morbid fear of the rampaging Coronavirus, but with the prevailing circumstances of fear and tension, I have elected, as one familiar with… April 4, 2020 In "Opinion"