Another 980 patients have died in the UK after contracting coronavirus – surpassing Spain’s highest daily total of 961. Health Secretary Matt Hancock told the daily news conference a total of 8,958 people have now died in hospital. Earlier NHS England said 866 people died in England, taking the total to 8,114. Patients were aged between 27 and 100 years old – and 56 of them had no known underlying health condition. Earlier, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said the number of people with COVID-19 who have died in Scotland had risen by 48 – taking the total to 495. In Wales, 29 further deaths took the number to 315. Friday’s figure from Northern Ireland was 10 additional deaths – meaning the number there stands at 92. Each nation reports their figures every day in the early afternoon. The overall UK figure will be released by the Department of Health later. Britons have been urged to stay inside for the duration of the lockdown despite good weather forecast for the Bank Holiday weekend. Families have also been advised not to travel to see relatives for Easter. John Apter, national chair of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said the “vast majority” of people are following the law but a minority are either “genuinely confused by the guidance or they’re completely oblivious to the dangers”. “Policing is a tough job at the best of times but in some areas it’s making that difficult job even more difficult,” he told Sky News. “I would beg the public – please, take the advice and stay at home, unless you have to venture out for those essential journeys.” David Lewis, deputy chief constable of Dorset Police, also told Sky News officers will be stationed on arterial roads to check people aren’t visiting holiday homes or beauty spots this weekend. “My guidance would be: If you have to ask yourself ‘is this an essential journey’ then it probably isn’t, so turn round and stay home,” he said. The lockdown – which is due to be reviewed by next Thursday – looks likely to be extended. Stand-in prime minister Dominic Raab announced yesterday enforced social distancing measures “will have to stay in place” until there is evidence that “clearly shows we’ve moved beyond the peak” of the COVID-19 outbreak. Source: Yahoo News England, Scotland and Wales have recorded 887 more coronavirus deaths today, taking Britain's total to 7,984 as its coronavirus crisis rumbles on. The grim tally is considerably smaller than the devastating 938 announced yesterday but still represents the second biggest surge since the epidemic began almost six weeks ago. NHS… April 9, 2020 In "News" The Lagos State Government has announced that a 36-year-old man died of coronavirus in the state. The Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the announcement via his Twitter handle on Sunday. He said that the Nigerian died on Saturday in a private facility. Abayomi confirmed the death as… April 5, 2020 In "News" New satellite images of mass graves dug in the city of Qom area of Iran have sparked concern about the country's growing number of coronavirus cases, a report by Metro UK has revealed. In February, the Iranian government was accused of lying about the scale of the nation’s outbreak by… March 13, 2020 In "Foreign"