By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja – The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has pleaded with the Federal Government not to get Chinese medical team involved in the fight against Coronavirus in the country.Mr Chris Isiguzo, NUJ President in a statement on Saturday, said the union was alarmed by the decision of the Federal Government to bring Chinese Medical doctors into Nigeria to fight COVID-19.According to Isiguzo, the Nigerian medical doctors are doing exceptionally well in fighting the outbreak.“We caution that it will be counter productive to bring in Chinese doctors. We reject a situation where Nigerians will be used as a Guinea pig for any experiment.“Thus, it is pertinent to plead with the Federal Government to stop this Medical Team from coming to Nigeria because of the Italian example where there was an inexplicable spike in COVID-19 related deaths when the Chinese doctors arrived the country.“The Federal Government should as a matter of urgent concern investigate the allegation, that what is happening today is associated with the launch of the 5G communication network as Nigerians are becoming more agitated.“We urge the Federal Government to be more proactive in dealing with these emerging issues because any mistake made will be catastrophic,” Isiguzo submitted. (NAN) By Femi Ogunshola Abuja - The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has called on federal and state governments to urgently provide safety kits and palliatives to journalists to enable them to do their work effectively in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. The NUJ National President, Mr Chris Isiguzo, made the… March 28, 2020 In "News" Femi Falana, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria has asked the federal government to seek help on how to combat the coronavirus outbreak in the country from the Cuban government . According to reports, since the outbreak of the virus, 59 countries are reportedly receiving medical assistance from Cuba. In a… March 25, 2020 In "Foreign" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Federal Goverment has said that clinical trials for possible Coronavirus (Covid-19) treatment were ongoing. Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, said this on Friday in Abuja, at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) Briefing on COVID-19 in the country. Ehanire said that all efforts would not… April 3, 2020 In "Health"