By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Federal Government, on Wednesday, released guidance for the implementation of the lockdown policy approved by the President to curtail the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. According to the document released by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 In Abuja, on Wednesday, showed that as part of the measures in place to enforce social distancing and limit the spread of the SARS-CoV-2, the Federal Government of Nigeria has decided that schools, organisations and businesses in FCT, Lagos and Ogun States will close effective from March 30, 2020, for an initial period of 2 weeks. It explained that for the period of the lockdown, every person would be confined to his or her place of residence, unless strictly for the purpose of performing an essential service, obtaining an essential good or service, or seeking medical care. It said all borders linking the two States and FCT to the rest of the country would be shut during the period of the lockdown, except for the transportation of persons on essential duty, food, fuel, manufactured goods or donated relief items. Other measures are: Mass gathering is prohibited, except for funeral services as guided by infection prevention and control regulations, for which social distancing rules apply and crowds are limited to not more than 20 persons. ● Movement between and within the affected States and FCT is restricted, except for workers involved in the delivery of authorized essential services, duties, food and goods. ● Retail shops and malls must be closed, except where essential goods are sold. Shops and malls that are open must enforce social distancing and hygiene measures in line with issued guidelines. ● Any business or organisation providing essential goods and services must identify the staff who will perform those services. ● Commuter services between cities and states including passenger rail services, bus services, e-hailing services, maritime and air passenger transport are suspended for the period of the lockdown in the affected states. ○ Limited transport services are allowed for the movement of workers, services and goods in response to COVID-19 and for the purpose of seeking medical attention or provision of essential services. Transport services available during the lockdown must implement social distancing and hygiene measures. The table below lists the essential services and businesses that are exempted: Services and Businesses Exemptions Medical ● Private and public hospitals ● Dental clinics (emergencies only) ● Specialist Clinics ● Pharmacies and chemist shops