Lagos Labour yesterday faulted Federal Government’s resolve to accept from the construction giant, China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation, CCECC, 15 Chinese medical experts to assist the country in the battle against the coronavirus, despite opposition from such groups as Nigeria Medical Association, NMA and National Association of Resident Doctors, NARD, United Labour Congress of Nigeria, ULC, in a statement by its President, Joe Ajaero, warned that the Chinese experts might worsen the nation’s woes if care was not taken. The statement read: “Why would such a crucial decision be taken in secret without coordinate input from critical stakeholders in the nation? This sector is a highly specialised area which requires that at all times the input of the professionals in this sector should be sought. “We are also worried that a company which has had a pervasive influence on the government of this nation, being in charge of various critical infrastructural projects in this country, is the one making this offer at this time. ‘’Could it be that this may be our government’s way of granting favour to the company to take charge of their Chinese personnel during this pandemic? Was there a quid pro quo that may compromise our nation’s ethos, interests and medical processes? ‘’Congress is forced to speak up on this matter on hearing the reaction of the SGF, Boss Mustapha, on the complaints and concerns raised by many Nigerians on the attempt to bring in the Chinese without proper consultation. ‘’We view that response as unproductive, if not entirely dismissive of the well-founded objections raised by these concerned organisations and individuals. “It is always better to err on the side of caution than suffer adverse consequences eventually. Prevention is better than cure, they say. The Federal Government should address the fears of Nigerians who have rejected the idea of the Chinese experts, instead of the apparent imperious declaration that there is no going back on that decision as if the opinions of Nigerians do not matter. ‘’We believe that for the nation to have a successful battle against the pandemic, we must carry our indigenous stakeholders along and have everybody working together without the schisms that have become apparent. “Allowing the Chinese to distract us at this time is counterproductive and we think the government should reconsider its stance for now, pending when it has fully consulted all the relevant stakeholders in the battle against the disease.” Source The Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, has rejected plans by the Federal Government to invite and 18-member Chinese medical team to help Nigeria in her fight against the deadly coronavirus. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Friday that gifts of medical supplies were being expected from China, organised… April 6, 2020 In "Health" Despite opposition by the Nigerian Medical Association, the visiting 15-member medical team from China will arrive the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, on a chattered Air Peace aircraft on Wednesday (today). The personnel, who are experts in infectious diseases, respiratory illness, intensive care, cardiology, neurology, general surgery and anesthesiology, will… April 8, 2020 In "Health" LAGOS - The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on Wednesday urged the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) to consider the consequences of its ongoing nationwide strike on Nigerians. Mr Issa Aremu, NLC Vice President, made the appeal in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. Aremu, who faulted… August 20, 2014 In "News"