By Salisu Sani-Idris  Abuja – The FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, on Thursday pledged to give award to the best coordinating Area Council in the distribution of palliative items to vulnerable people in rural communities. The minister disclosed this during an inspection of palliative items designated for Abuja Municipal Area Council (AMAC), at Area 10 Garki, Abuja. Aliyu, who commended stakeholders for making the exercise a huge success, however, called on the leadership of AMAC and the monitoring team to fear God and be transparent in the discharge of their duties. She urged members of the palliative distribution committee to move out of their comfort zone to go into the nooks and crannies to look for the people and served them. The minister also urged them to obey the template and comply with rules of the games, saying ” to the glory of God, we will be justified by the end of the day. ” For AMAC we are taking away the IDPs being our responsibility and we are also taking away widows in the barracks “As we are here today, I have observed something which is quite unique. The traditional rulers from different tribes are being carried along; Seeing the traditional rulers from different tribes supporting us is quite encouraging. “The Abuja Municipal Area Council is a cosmopolitan area where justice must be served. ” The AMAC housed all the international communities and I will not expect less from you, rather I am expecting that after this exercise, and beyond, the award winners of the palliative distribution will emerged from this area council. “With all enthusiasm I am saying you are on top of your game and in total control of your people and by extension to both indigenous people and residents of the territory. ” I demand that justice must be served with the fear of God. We must be able to counsel our people because some feel that they are more eligible,” she said. Responding, Executive Chairman of AMAC, Alhaji Abdullahi Candido, assured the minister that justice would be served to deserving communities within the council. Candido, who solicited the support of the youth to avert crisis, revealed that in order to complement the efforts of the FCT administration, the council had purchase 1200 bags of rice ( 25kg), and 500 bags of beans (50kg), to be distributed to the less privileged. ” We are committed to ensuring that those who needs these palliatives get them. We want to encourage the youths to support us to ensure that never again shall we experience crisis in any location. ” In order to complement your efforts, AMAC has purchased 1200 bags of 25kg rice and 500 bags of beans 50kg to be distributed immediately you are done with the administration’s palliative,” he said. (NAN)