By Yinusa Ishola Omu-Aran (Kwara)  –  No fewer than 511 persons on Wednesday benefitted from the Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) initiative of the Federal Government in Omu-Aran, Irepodun Local Government Area of Kwara. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the beneficiaries comprised those from the three wards of Aran, Ihahe and Ifaja in the community. Each of the beneficiaries received N20,000 as cash empowerment during the exercise held at the Irepodun Local Government Council Secretariat in Omu-Aran. Mrs Tawakalitu Sadiq, the Cash Transfer Officer in the Kwara State Ministry of Women Affairs, said the N20,000 was for the months of January, February, March and April. She said the arrears of the N5,000 monthly stipend for the aged and other vulnerable was paid up-to-date in order to assist the beneficiaries in cushioning the effect of the lockdown directive over COVID-19 pandemic. Sadiq disclosed that a total of 1,568 beneficiaries are expected to receive the government largesse across the 11 wards of the council. According to her, the cash transfer team will move from Omu-Aran to other eight wards of the council for the continuation of the exercise. “After this three wards in Omu-Aran, we are still moving to other eight wards in Oko, Ipetu-Rore-Aran-orin, Arandun, Ajase ward 1and 2, Oro ward 1 and 2 as well as Esie-Ijan ward. “In total, we have 1,568 beneficiaries to be covered for the four months disbursement across the 11 wards of the council. “The 511 beneficiaries for today is for those of the three wards in Omu-Aran while the team will move to other remaining wards for the same exercise,” she said. Sadiq, who expressed satisfaction with the level of orderliness and maturity displayed by the beneficiaries, urged them to ensure the judicious use of the largesse in bettering their welfare. “I want to state that we are happy with the maturity displayed by the beneficiaries, particularly in conforming with the social distancing directive as regard the COVID-19 preventive measure,” she said. Mrs Comfort Oyinloye and Mrs Munirat Amuda, both beneficiaries, described the government’s gesture as “very beneficial and timely”, especially at this critical period of total lockdown over COVID-19 pandemic. (NAN) Omu-Aran (Kwara)   -   Alhaji Sulyman Atolagbe, community leader in Omu-Aran, has advised traders to always take pre-cautionary measures to prevent outbreak of fire. Atolagbe gave the advice on Saturday in Omu-Aran, Irepodun local government area in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). He decried incessant… February 6, 2016 In "News" By Yinusa Ishola Omu-Aran (Kwara) - Mr Sunday Babalola, the Founder, Bayo and Bunmi Foundation, Omu-Aran, Kwara, says the foundation has expended N30 million on award of scholarships to indigent students in the last five years. Babalola disclosed this during the 2019/2020 edition of the scholarship award in Omu-Aran, Irepodun… October 18, 2019 In "News" By Femi Ogunshola Omu-Aran - The National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), the N-power volunteers and other artisans in Omu-aran, Kwara, have endorsed Candidates of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forthcoming general elections. They made the commitment when they visited Hon. Abdul-Raheem Olawuyi, representing Irepodun/Isin/Oke-ero Federal Constituency in… February 9, 2019 In "News"