By Benson Ezugwu  Calabar –  The Cross River Government says it has begun the release of N71 million counterpart funds to some communities for some World Bank-assisted Community and Social Development Projects (CSDP). Mr Fidel Udie, Acting General Manager, State Community and Social Development Agency (SCSDA), disclosed this on Thursday at the inauguration of some micro projects by Atakpa community in Calabar South Local Government Area. Udie said the funds were meant to assist the beneficiaries to execute poverty-focused micro projects in line with their specific needs, under the supervision of CRS-CSDA. According to him, 21 micro projects were slated to be funded in the first batch of the programme at the cost of N79 million. “Out of this, SCSDA will be contributing N71 million, equivalent of 90 per cent, while the communities will contribute the remaining amount,” he said. Also speaking, Dr Inyang Asibong, the state Commissioner for International Development Cooperation, said the state government was committed to the welfare and overall development of the citizens. “I commend Gov. Ben Ayade for the payment of the counterpart fund which is a condition by the world bank for participation in the project,” she said. The micro projects inaugurated in Atakpa community during the occasion included renovated four classroom blocks, a motorised borehole, and ventilated improved toilets executed at the cost of N8.2 million. Also benefitting from the programme is Ashikpe community in Obudu Local Government Area where solar-powered boreholes, culverts and electricity extetion projects are being carried out at the cost of N8.4 million. Another beneficiary of the micro project is Betukwel community also in Obudu where four classroom blocks and a culvert are being constructed at the cost of N6.9 million. Similarly, Bebuawhan community is benefitting for embarking on building and equipping of a health post as well as constructing a solar-powered borehole at the cost of N9.3 million. (NAN) By Benson Ezugwu Calabar - The Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) has introduced School-Based Management Committee-School Improvement Programme (SBMC-SIP) in line with the Federal Government’s commitment to encourage communities take ownership of schools in their domain. The Director of Quality Assurance in Cross River State Universal Basic Education Board (CR-SUBEB),… March 23, 2020 In "News" By Joshua Oladipo Osogbo -  Gov. Rauf Aregbesola of Osun on Thursday inaugurated some projects in five communities under the Community and Social Development Projects (CSDPs) initiative. The projects were executed in line with the Six-Point Integral Action plan of the administration aimed at alleviating poverty at the community level.… September 20, 2018 In "News" By Peter Uwumarogie Gombe - The Gombe Government has spent N300 million in 35 communities for intervention projects in 11 local government areas of the state. Mr Abubakar Kumo, the General Manager, Gombe State Agency for Community and Social Development (GMCSDA) told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in… August 28, 2019 In "News"