Following the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the Ministerial Task Team on Decongestion of Traffic on Wednesday arrested a Spaniard in Abuja for violating the stay-at-home order by President Muhammadu Buhari Chairman of the Ministerial Task Team on Decongestion of Traffic, Ikharo Attah, told newsmen the Operational manager of Zecerced Quarry and furniture by name Mahmood was only permitted by the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) to operate the quarry construction site along Arab road, Kubwa. Attah,who expressed disappointment over the development, frowned at the violation of the COVID-19 stay-at-home order and vowed that the Spaniard will be made to face the law. His words: “FCTA task force team arrested Spanish national in Kubwa. They were operating an illegal bigger Quarry in Kubwa by Arrab road. “They have the permission of FCTA to use the quarry work to construct roads but the illegal part of it that they now opened a big factory inside the quarry site for furniture making. “The permission from the FCTA is to do quarry work. We now went there and we have arrested their operational Manager by name Mr. Mahmood who is a Spanish national. “The quarry and the furniture factory are in the same location. “They are using the permission for the quarry to operate the furniture factory”. Over ten persons were seen working at the furniture factory, which according to the Attah, has been closed down until further investigation is carried out. The Spaniard has been handed over to the FCT police command for prosecution. The Nation By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), says it has impounded 33 commercial motorcycles plying AYA-Nyanya Expressway for traffic offences. Mr Ikharo Attah, Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task Team, Traffic Management, made the disclosure at a media interactive session, on Wednesday in Abuja. Attah explained that… March 4, 2020 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), says it has impounded 33 commercial motorcycles plying AYA-Nyanya Expressway for traffic offences. Mr Ikharo Attah, Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task Team, Traffic Management, made the disclosure at a media interactive session, on Wednesday in Abuja. Attah explained that… March 4, 2020 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has stopped personnel of the Directorate of Road Traffic Services (DRTS) from inspecting vehicle particulars on roads in the city before 10 a.m daily. Mr Ikharo Attah, Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task team on Traffic Management, gave the… February 24, 2020 In "News"