The moment some hungry Nigerians attacked a moving truck carrying bags of rice in Abuja before stealing its content has been captured on camera. It was gathered that Nigerians who can nolonger bear the hardship brought as a result of the lockdown decided to steal bags of Rice while the vehicle was still moving in broad daylight. Sharing the video on its Twitter page, the People Democratic Party (PDP) knocked President Muhammadu Buhari for extending lockdown without providing considerable palliative measures for Nigerians. “In Abuja, watch and see how hungry Nigerians invaded a moving truck to steal food to eat. It’s obvious that the so called palliatives from the President Buhari-led APC FG did not reach the people,” It wrote. Watch video below: #Covid19Hunger: In Abuja, watch and see how hungry Nigerians invaded a moving truck to steal food to eat. It’s obvious that the so called palliatives from the President @MBuhari led @OfficialAPCNg FG did not reach the people. #SendPalliativesViaBVN @EUinNigeria @UN pic.twitter.com/SVUKz183Yo Source •President Muhammadu Buhari ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has directed the Nigerian Customs Service to release 150 trucks of rice seized from smugglers for immediate distribution across the country.It is to be part of the palliatives to cushion the effect of COVID-19 lockdown. The president's aide on social media, Bashir… April 6, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Farouq said she has only taken delivery of 40 trucks of rice seized by the Nigeria Customs Service. President Muhammadu Buhari had ordered the Nigeria Customs Service to distribute 150 trucks of rice seized by the service to the… April 14, 2020 In "News" Residents of Lagos state have taken to the streets to protest the lockdown order by the federal and state government. The residents said that they do not have enough food that will sustain them till the next 2 weeks. They complained that they have not been paid and yet they… April 2, 2020 In "News"