By Victoria Hanson, LAGOS No fewer than 16 Coronavirus patients have again been discharged by the Lagos state government.Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, announced this via his verified twitter handle @jidesanwoolu. He said the three foreigners and 13 Nigerians have fully recovered and tested negative twice for coronavirus.The tweet reads: “Good people of Lagos,I have more great news from our isolation facilities. 16 persons; 14 males and 2 females including 3 foreigners – 1 British, 1 Chinese and 1 Polish citizen have been discharged to join the society.“The patients; 14 from IDH, Yaba and 2 from Onikan Isolation centre have fully recovered and tested negative twice consecutively to #COVID19.“This brings the number of patients successfully managed and discharged from our facilities to 85.“As our front line health workers record successes in the battle against #COVID19, we are duty bound as citizens to break the chain of transmission of the infection by staying safe at home, practicing social distancing and adopting the highest possible personal hygiene. “We will continue to do our best as Government to cushion the effect of this lockdown by re-energizing our welfare package. Please keep faith with us as we work to win this battle together.“Thank you for your continued perseverance and patience Source: Prompt News Online By Oluwafunke Ishola/Florence Onuegbu Lagos - Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State on Monday announced the discharge of another set of six patients, who tested negative twice to the Coronavirus disease. Sanwo-Olu, in a statement, said that the numbers of discharged patients from the isolation centres in the state had… April 13, 2020 In "News" Four patients including an 11-year-old boy receiving treatment for Coronavirus in Lagos have been discharged after recovering from the disease. Governor of the state, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, made the announcement in a Twitter post on Saturday. He said, “Today, four more patients; all male, including an 11-year-old boy have been discharged… April 11, 2020 In "News" Seven Coronavirus patients have been discharged from the Isolation Centre in Lagos state. The state Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu made the announcement on his Twitter handle on Thursday. He said “Good people of Lagos, “I bring you awesome news from IDH, Yaba, which is as a testament to our resolve to… April 9, 2020 In "News"