By Chimezie Anaso  Awka – A member of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Anambra, Samuel Ifere, has donated his April allowance to the State Government to support the fight against coronavirus in the state. Ifere handed over the donation to Mr Afam Mbanefo, the Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy in Awka on Thursday. He said he was inspired by the action of members of House of Representatives who donated their salaries to the Federal Government for the same purpose. The graduate of Sociology from Ebonyi State University said he was not worried about how he would survive in the coming month, but about how soon the pandemic would come to an end. “My inspiration came from the day I read that federal lawmakers were donating half of their salaries to the Nigerian government in support of the fight against coronavirus. “Since then, I have been wishing I had the means to do like them, but it occured to me that I could start with the little I have. “So I decided to donate my April allowance to the Anambra government to support the fight. “I’ve been coping and I know that God is there. It’s not the federal allowance that sustains me. It’s God’s mercy. So I know I will cope,” he said. Similarly, some corps members serving in Dunukofia and Aguata Local Government Areas of the state have handed over some quantity of hand sanitiser, liquid soap and 1,500 facemasks to the state government. They said the items were procured and produced by them under the guidance of the Coordinator of NYSC in the state, Mr Kehinde Aremu. In a short remark, Aremu said the donations were a modest way to recognise and appreciate the hospitality the scheme and corps members had enjoyed in Anambra. In his response, Mbanefo appreciated them, saying the donation was a testimony of the robust collaboration that existed between the NYSC and the state government. The commissioner said the state government valued the gesture and prayed God to bless and reward the NYSC and the members. (NAN)