Popular Lagos lawyer, Ebun-Olu Adegboruwa, has appealed to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to grant state pardon to Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele. Akindele and her husband, Abdul Rasheed Bello, popularly known as JJC Skillz were arrested and charged to court for hosting a party during Coronavirus lockdown in Lagos. They were sentenced to 14-day community service and N100,000 fine each. While speaking with journalists in court on Thursday in Ogba, after the proceedings that terminated the charges brought against Babatunde Gbadamosi and Azeez Fashola (Naira Marley), the human rights activist appealed that Akindele should be granted reprieve, more so that she has demonstrated remorse for her conduct. According to him, since the federal government had granted amnesty to 2,600 prisoners, the governor should emulate this good gesture and show fatherly love to the Akindeles. “This should also be extended to all those arrested for jogging on the streets, as they could not have all set out deliberately to disobey the COVID 19 Regulation,” he said. He added that since “we are facing a novel situation at hand, government should show some magnanimity to its citizens, as is being done all over the world. Nigerians have never been locked down for this long, without food or money and it is not proper to add to their woes with arrest and prosecution.” He commended the steps so far taken by the government and urged all Nigerians to continue to cooperate with the government to end the scourge. Source Popular Nollywood Actress Funke Akindele Bello is currently in police detention after being arrested for hosting a birthday party for her husband amid COVID-19 Pandemic. Nigerians have come out to mock the actress after her husband, JJCSkillz had told Nigerians off saying they can say whatever they want. Well, Funke… April 6, 2020 In "News" Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele popularly known as “Jenifa” and her husband, JJC Skills. Fani-Kayode stated that Akindele should have been warned and not convicted. The popular Nollywood actress and producer was arrested and arraigned by the Lagos State Police Command. Akindele was arraigned on a one-count criminal charge of flouting… April 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" Some legal practitioners have said that in the eyes of the law, popular Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele and her husband are now ex-convicts. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that Akindele and her husband, popularly called JJC Skillz, on April 4, held a party at their residence with over… April 9, 2020 In "Entertainment"