The Federal Government on Tuesday assured N-Power beneficiaries that they will be paid N30,000 as from today, Tuesday. Nigerian Tribune reported that the notice was contained in a statement issued by Special Adviser on Media to the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Mr. Salisu Na’inna Dambatta. The statement read: “The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has said that the 500,000-strong N-Power enrollees throughout the country should expect to receive bank credit alerts for outstanding payments of their monthly entitlement from today, Tuesday, April 14. “This followed the signing of the payment mandate by Sadiya Umar Farouq, the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, after all due processes were concluded in line with the rules guiding Federal Government’s public financial expenditure. “Those responsible for processing the payment must do it in conformity with the necessary rules and regulations to ensure accountability. “Now that the rules were followed strictly and the process concluded, I was given the assurance that they will start receiving credit alerts from their banks today, Tuesday, April 14, 2020,” the statement read in part. The creation of the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration is leading to the institutionalisation of the programme, which entails that payments for N-Power participants or their enrolment must be through transparent processes in line with the relevant rules to ensure accountability. The minister restated the resolve of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to overhaul the National Social Investment Programmes (NSIPs), including the N-Power component, to ensure transparency, effectiveness, accountability and the judicious application of public resources in running the programmes. “The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development will along with relevant partners drive the overhauling process to ensure that the expected benefits of the NSIPs are realised in full,” she said. It can be recalled that the N-Power Programme is a job creation and skills empowerment programme of the Federal Government, which is designed to help young Nigerians acquire and develop life-long skills to become practical solution providers in their communities, enabling them to become innovative players in the domestic and global markets. The N-Power programme is for young Nigerians between the ages of 18 and 35. Under the arrangement, enrolled participants will be weaned off the programme after every 24 months to be replaced by another batch of youths drawn from across the country. Each participant is paid N30,000 monthly allowance. Source