By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba –   Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has expressed sadness on the passing away of Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari. Okowa said he was pained by the fact that the elder statesman died of the COVID-19. The governor’s condolence was conveyed in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika on Saturday in Asaba. He said that Kyari’s death was a huge loss to the Presidency and entire nation, considering his strategic role in the current administration. He commiserated with the family, President Buhari and the entire Presidency and urged them to be consoled by the legacies of integrity and capacity exhibited by the elder statesman. Okowa assured the President and the entire Kyari family of the support and prayers of his family, Delta Government and people of the state at this trying period. “It is with great sadness that I, my family, the government and people of Delta commiserate with Mr President, the Kyari family and the entire Presidency on the passing away of octogenarian elder statesman, Mallam Abba Kyari. “His death remains a great loss, not just to his family, but President Buhari’s administration, given his coordinating responsibilities to the President. “Indeed, the late Abba Kyari was very supportive of the President and I can only imagine the grief and sorrow that has befallen our dear President on this loss. “Mallam Kyari will be sorely missed by the Presidency and all those whose lives he had touched in several positive ways. “Our thoughts and prayers are with his family, President Buhari and entire Presidency that the soul of the deceased repose peacefully and the family given the fortitude to bear his demise,’’ he said. (NAN) By Akeem Abas Ila-Orangun (Osun) -  The Presidency,  Oyo and Osun State Governments as well as the ruling APC  on  Wednesday  condoled with elder statesman, Chief Bisi Akande,  on the death of his wife, Omowunmi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the deceased,  who was   73, died on… July 12, 2017 In "News" Lokoja - Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi has condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari on the death of his Chief of Staff, Malam Abba Kyari. Bello sent the condolence message to the presidency on Saturday morning. In the message, the governor also sympathised with the people of Borno over the sad… April 18, 2020 In "News" The Presidency, on Thursday, assured that President Muhammadu Buhari is busy working to keep Nigerians safe from the ravaging Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic. Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, in a tweet on his Tweeter handle, @FemAdesina, also lashed out at some people, whom… March 26, 2020 In "News"