By Ahmed Mohammmed Kaigama BAUCHI – Bauchi  State Police Command said on Sunday it had arrested some suspected kidnappers who alledgely killed Abubakar Suleiman, a 15 year-old Secondary School student in Bauchi. Spokesman of the command, DSP Kamal Datti, who announced the arrest to newsmen  said the suspects were in police custody and investigation was continuing with a view to apprehending other members of the gang. “We are on the trail to arrest the remaining culprits and bring them to book,”he said, adding that details of the matter would be released to newsmen later. Narrating the incident to newsmen, Dr Sulaiman Auwal, father of the victim, said their ordeal started on Thursday. “I was in the  office when  I was  called with Abubakar’s  number, asking me if I was his father and I confirmed. “They now informed me that they had kidnapped my son, and that I must pay ransom of N10 million.” he said. He explained that the kidnappers called him again after two days, demanding N7 million. Auwal said he gave the kidnappers the sum of N5.5 million through two accounts and cash. “They told me  to go to Inkil and Kangere,  suburb of Bauchi metropole, to pick  my son but upon our getting there, we searched but did not see him,” he said. The father of the victim said police later arrested the suspects and recovered the remains of his son.(NAN ) By Mohammad Tijjani   Kaduna -  The Kaduna State Command of the State Security Services (SSS) said it had arrested six suspected kidnappers and killers of Agwom Adara, the paramount ruler of Adara Chiefdom in Kaduna, Mr Maiwada Galadima. The Director of the Command, Mr Mahmud Ningi, made the disclosure… November 7, 2018 In "News" By Fanen Ihyongo THE suspected Taraba kidnap kingpin is a petty fish trader, painter, politician, polygamist with many children and a philanthropist. His wealth status might have been exergerated because of his generosity and profligate spending. He was reclusive until the last two years. His wealth, allegedly through kidnapping shot… August 13, 2019 In "Features" The suspected Taraba kidnap kingpin is a petty fish trader, painter, politician, polygamist with many children and a philanthropist. His wealth status might have been exergerated because of his generosity and profligate spending. He was reclusive until the last two years. His wealth, allegedly through kidnapping shot him into ‘prominence’.… August 21, 2019 In "News"