By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin  –  The Kwara chapter of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) has donated 200 units of digital thermometers to the state government to help in the fight against coronavirus in the state. Chairman of the association, Dr Kolade Solagberu made this known in a statement on Friday in Ilorin According tohim, apart from the selfless services being rendered by its members, the association wanted to be reckoned as part of organisations that contributed to the fight against the virus. ”We have all come to appreciate the reality that COVID-19 is a deadly novel virus that is still ravaging the world. ”Apart from the selfless services rendered by our colleagues through committees at the state’s Ministry of Health and the Sobi COVID-19 Isolation Centre, we have also decided to collaborate with the government and get counted in the fight against the pandemic. ”We appreciate the efforts and preparedness of the state government under the leadership of Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq in the fight against the deadly virus,” he said. The association lauded the state government’s Technical Committee on COVID-19 pandemic for its achievements that led to the discharge of the first two cases from the isolation centre within few days it was inaugurated. ”It is on this account that we have decided to support the exercise with the donation of 200 digital thermometers to accomplish personalised temperature check by individuals visited by the contact tracing team. ”We are highly optimistic that our members will continue to live up to expectations in the fight against COVID-19,” Solagberu said. He said that the association would continue to assist and collaborate with the state government in other areas in its bid to accomplish its campaign promises to the people. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Kwara had on Thursday discharged two out of the four confirmed COVID-19 cases in the state. The state is currently on lockdown to contain the spread of the pandemic. (NAN) The Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, has rejected plans by the Federal Government to invite and 18-member Chinese medical team to help Nigeria in her fight against the deadly coronavirus. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Friday that gifts of medical supplies were being expected from China, organised… April 6, 2020 In "Health" Femi Falana, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria has asked the federal government to seek help on how to combat the coronavirus outbreak in the country from the Cuban government . According to reports, since the outbreak of the virus, 59 countries are reportedly receiving medical assistance from Cuba. In a… March 25, 2020 In "Foreign" By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal Ilorin - The National Association of Nigeria Nurses and Midwives, Kwara Chapter, has warned members to desist from being used to launch political attacks against Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of the state. Alhaji Shehu Aminu, the state Chairman of the association, gave the warning in a statement made… April 10, 2020 In "Health"