BAUCHI – Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested negative for coronavirus. Recall that the governor had tested positive for the virus on March 24. Sharing the good news about his recent test result on Thursday evening via his Twitter handle, he said he has now tested negative for the virus. He also appreciated the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control as well as religious leaders within and outside the state. He wrote, “Alhamdulillah. I just received the green light. My second test for #COVID19 returned negative. I thank you all for your prayers & support even while I was in isolation. Most importantly, all the praises & thanks be to Allah – the Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful. #GreaterBauchi “My gratitude also goes to our religious leaders within and outside the state for their constant prayers, also our meticulous Bauchi #COVIDー19 team and the NCDC.” Senator Bala A. Mohammed @SenBalaMohammedAlhamdulillah. I just received the green light. My second test for #COVID19 returned negative. I thank you all for your prayers & support even while I was in isolation. Most importantly, all the praises & thanks be to Allah – the Most Beneficent, the Most Merciful. #GreaterBauchi Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed, has tested negative for coronavirus. Recall that the governor had tested positive for the virus on March 24. Sharing the good news about his recent test result on Thursday evening via his Twitter handle, he said he has now tested negative for the virus. He… April 9, 2020 In "News" •Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State KADUNA - Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has declared that he has tested positive to the coronavirus pandemic. He thus becomes the second governor after Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State to test positive to the virus. He said said he has gone… March 28, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has announced that he has tested positive for COVID-19. “I just received my COVID-19 confirmation test result. It is POSITIVE. I am asymptomatic and will continue to self-isolate,” Mr Makinde wrote on his Twitter handle which he has… March 30, 2020 In "Top Stories"