Nigerian Producer and singer, Don Jazzy, has spoken on the whole Funke Akindele’s lockdown party saga, as he named her his ‘WCW”. Recall that the actress and her hubby, JJC Skillz, were arraigned before an Ogba Magistrate court by the state government for holding a house party in their Amen estate home on April 5 despite the social distancing order. Funke acknowledged her mistake and thereafter apologised to Nigerians. In a post shared this morning, Don Jazzy says he has more respect for her for making such a mistake and owning up to it. ”#WCW I have always admired your talent and hard work but I have more respect for you now as a person. You made a mistake and you owned it. This takes courage and you have shown all of us that you are courageous. As humans, we must make mistakes. Only God is perfect. My prayer everyday is that I don’t make a mistake that will cost me my life or reputation. You have made yours and the whole world has seen. Thankfully, it didn’t cost you your life or anyone else’s. Just a tiny reputational damage that in my opinion you have already restored because you have paid the price with jara on top. If you dey shame, stop am o, because as TuBaba talk, “nobody holy pass”. I pray that henceforth, you continue to be the good example that you have always been to us all. Amen. One more thing, I don dey act now o. Tenks! #IDJA cc @funkejenifaakindele” he wrote. #WCW I have always admired your talent and hard work but I have more respect for you now as a person. You made a mistake and you owned it. This takes courage and you have shown all of us that you are courageous. As humans, we must make mistakes. Only God is perfect. My prayer everyday is that I don’t make a mistake that will cost me my life or reputation. You have made yours and the whole world has seen. Thankfully, it didn’t cost you your life or anyone else’s. Just a tiny reputational damage that in my opinion you have already restored because you have paid the price with jara on top. If you dey shame, stop am o, because as TuBaba talk, “nobody holy pass”. I pray that henceforth, you continue to be the good example that you have always been to us all. Amen. One more thing, I don dey act now o. Tenks! #IDJA cc @funkejenifaakindele A post shared by @ donjazzy on Apr 21, 2020 at 11:50pm PDT Source