A mother-of-three says she found out she was pregnant with her daughter only minutes before she gave birth. Karin Fortwangler, from Audubon, Pennsylvania, U.S., welcomed her fourth child last month. According to Metro UK, the mum said she was experiencing missing periods and fatigue but thought it was due to breastfeeding and being busy with her three children. She also experienced nausea but thought she caught a stomach virus from her younger children. She’s had some sickness but it came at the same time her kids Charlotte, 4, Roger, 2, and Caroline, 1, had all been sick with a vomiting bug, so she’d never thought she could be having another baby, until she started to experience labor pains. She said to Metro: “Labour is a pretty distinct feeling so I was fairly certain it had to be either that or some bizarre form of kidney stones. “My husband was getting up to get ready for work (at about 5:15am), so I said to him ‘You’re going to think I’m crazy, because I think I’m crazy, but I think I may be in labour’.” Mother-of-three finds out she Almost an hour later, Karin and her husband rushed to the hospital so doctors could perform an ultrasound. She said: “Almost as soon as they had the ultrasound wand on my belly, the doctor said ‘Yep! There’s a baby in there!’ “ “They said that they were going to run a few more tests and then see what they could do to stop labour because ideally, they would like to get the baby to 36-37 weeks gestation before he/she is born,” Karin narrated. Just three hours after waking up with pains and just 20 minutes after the ultrasound confirmed Karin was having a baby, she gave birth to a baby girl named Katherine Allison Fortwrangler. She said her daughter is healthy, despite being underweight. She said: “Because I hadn’t known, I wasn’t taking any vitamins, I had been drinking alcohol, and I hadn’t had any check ups or scans to make sure we were both ok. “She was perfectly healthy, in spite of all that. She didn’t even require oxygen or additional time in the hospital.” Although Karin fell in love with her new baby, she admits it was hard to get her head around the fact she had a fourth child.  She says: “Honestly, I cried when I found out. We had decided that we were done having children, and were only waiting until after my sister’s wedding at the end of March to make appointments to ensure we wouldn’t have any more.” Source Told she had two vaginas, wombs and cervixes, Eleanor Rowe feared she would never mother her own children. But the 36-year-old has now defied the slim odds, which saw her experience the heartbreak of one miscarriage along the way, Mailonline reports. Rowe only found out about her unusual anatomy five… October 5, 2019 In "Metro" Mrs Sikeola Idowu, right, attending to sympathizers at her late mother's residence in Surulere, Lagos By Dipo Kehinde/ Two women who were killed by a newly employed houseboy in Lagos have been described by an insider as angels who spent their lives easing people’s pains. Eighty-nine-year-old Mrs Adejoke John, who… July 11, 2019 In "Features" Hajiya Fatima Adamu has rescued a day-old baby girl dumped by an unidentified mother by the roadside along Kuta Road, opposite Central Mosque in Minna, Niger. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the baby was brought to the Niger State Child Rights Protection Agency office in Minna on… January 28, 2020 In "News"