The EU’s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, who is recovering in quarantine after also testing positive, tweeted that “my thoughts are with you and your family.” The best wishes from the European Union’s top officials underlined the setting aside of political tussling after Johnson took Britain out of the bloc in January. – France – French President Emmanuel Macron gave his “full support to Boris Johnson, his family and the British people at this difficult time”. “I hope he will rapidly overcome this ordeal,” tweeted. French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian had earlier told BFMTV: “I know his strength, I am convinced he will draw from his resources, which are great, the capacity to overcome this ordeal. It’s also symbolic of the seriousness of this crisis, which affects everyone.” – Spain – Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez tweeted: “My solidarity and wishes for a speedy recovery for Prime Minister Boris Johnson. These are difficult days for our countries, but it is through strength and unity that we can win this battle.” – Italy – Foreign Minister Luigi di Maio tweeted in English that “the Italian people is with the UK in these difficult times. We are one for each other. Get well soon Boris Johnson!” – WHO – World Health Organization chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said he was “thinking of my friend Boris Johnson tonight, and sending my and WHO’s heartfelt good wishes as he battles the coronavirus.” “I know the NHS and its dedicated health workers will be looking after you,” he tweeted. – Canada – Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, whose wife tested positive last month, wished Johnson a full and speedy recovery. “My thoughts are with you and your family right now. Hope to see you back at Number 10 soon,” he tweeted. – The Netherlands – Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said that “on behalf of the Dutch cabinet, I wish Boris Johnson, his family and the British people lots of strength during this difficult time.” “I hope to be able to speak to him soon in good health,” Rutte tweeted. – NATO – NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said his thoughts are with his friend. “Lots of strength, Boris, and get well soon!” he tweeted. – Poland – President Andrzej Duda tweeted: “My thoughts are with Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his family at this testing time. I wish him a full and swift recovery.” – Czech Republic – Czech President Milos Zeman tweeted: “I wish you strength and endurance in your fight with the disease to overcome it and win over it.” AFP London,   -      British former foreign minister Boris Johnson will be investigated for a possible breach of the Conservative Party’s code of conduct after making comments about Muslim women who wear burqas, the Evening Standard newspaper said on Thursday. The newspaper, citing unnamed party sources, reported that a formal decision to… August 9, 2018 In "Foreign" Boris Johnson has been elected leader of Britain’s ruling Conservative Party after defeating his rival, Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt. Johnson won 92,000 votes and Hunt 46,000. The former Mayor of London, famous for his mop of blonde hair and political and linguistic gaffes, will replace Theresa May as prime minister… July 23, 2019 In "Foreign" Thirty two years after Margaret Thatcher led the UK conservative party to their biggest electoral victory in 1987, Boris Johnson has equalled the record if not surpassed it in the Thursday’s snap election dubbed ‘Brexmas’. On the other hand, the Labour — opposition party — led by Jeremy Corbyn, lost… December 13, 2019 In "Foreign"