KADUNA – Four youths have allegedly been killed by Policemen at Tirkania community, a suburb of Kaduna metropolis. Our reporter gathered that 10 others sustained gun shot injuries with seven in critical condition. The injured are receiving treatment at an undisclosed hospitals in the area, Daily Trust was informed. Daily Trust gathered that the incident occurred on Monday afternoon when some youth engaged the Civilian Joint Task Force (JTF), who tried to enforce the stay-at-home order, at Railway market in the community. Residents said the youth and members of the JTF engaged in a fight which made them (JTF) to retreat but returned with Police men from Kakuri who allegedly shot teargas at the youth at the scene and later used live bullets on some youth pelting them. A community leader in the area, Nuhu Mohammed Marafan Nasarawa confirmed that four youths were killed by the police. “Yes, four were killed and we buried them today (Tuesday) while 10 others sustained gun shots injuries out of which seven are in critical condition as we speak. I called in the army and other community leaders and tried our best to calm the angry youths who vowed to take revenge against the police,” he said. He said the crisis started between the youth and JTF before police came in trying to enforce the stay-at-home order. Among the victims is a 30-year-old Musa Aliyu who was killed after rushing out of the bathroom to see what was happening outside their gate. His father, Ali Balteh, who resides at Dogaje Street Tirkania, told Daily Trust that his late son was having his bath when some youth jumped inside their compound. “Musa rushed out of the bathroom when he saw youth jumping into our compound. So, he went straight to the gate to see who was chasing them that was how police shot him on the left hand and the bullet penetrated into his chest,” he said. He was taken to a private hospital where he was confirmed dead along other victims. When contacted, Police Public Relations Officer in the state, ASP Mohammed Jalige, said the command will issue an official statement later in the day after hearing from the Divisional Police Office in the area. (Daily Trust)