By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has advised the Federal Government to take urgent steps to address the concerns being expressed by Nigerians in the overall determination to check the spread of the pandemic in the country. The party made the call on Tuesday in a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan made available to Sundiata Post. The PDP urged President Muhammadu Buhari to listen to Nigerians and take urgent steps to address the issues raised by poor masses whose means of livelihood had been crippled by the restriction order. He said that the President’s speech on April 13, completely embodied the feeling and mood of Nigerians across board, adding that Nigerians expect him to immediately address the issue of palliatives. “For the avoidance of doubt, all that the PDP has done, even before the outbreak of the COVID-19 in our country, is to counsel the Presidency like other Nigerians, on how to safeguard our nation from the pandemic, most of which were largely ignored. “From the moment that the index case was established, our party had continued to advice Mr President on how to manage the situation. “The PDP had also consistently requested of Mr President to provide economic palliative that will help the country manage the fall out of the pandemic. “All that our party had done were in the best interest of Nigerians and the good governance of our nation. We believe that this is the duty which PDP owes Nigerians at this critical time,” he said. The party urged the Presidency not to politicise COVID-19 effort but take urgent steps to address the concerns being expressed by the PDP and majority of Nigerians. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has expressed concern over the silence of President Muhammadu Buhari since the first confirmed case of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. The main opposition party said it was uncomfortable at the president’s “delay in standing up to the… March 1, 2020 In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has counseled the All Progressives Congress (APC) not to play politics with the Coronavirus (Covid-19) but join other wellmeaning Nigerians in seeking solution for the scourge. The party gave the advice in a statement issued by its National Publicity Secretary,… March 19, 2020 In "Politics" The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, yesterday, exhibited its clout for upsetting human activities at the top echelons of the Nigerian government. Shortly after reports that Chief of Staff Abba Kyari tested positive to the virus, the Presidential Villa in Abuja was no longer the same. It retained all the trappings of… March 25, 2020 In "Politics"