By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) on Monday demanded a special fund from the Federal Government to combat the spread of COVID-19 in the region. Simon Lalong, chairman of the forum and governor of Plateau State made the plea in a statement issued by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham in Jos, after members’ meeting via teleconferencing. Recall that the Northern Governors met to discuss issues of COVID-19 with special attention to its effects on the region. Lalong claimed that some special funds were given to other States but no State in the region has received any special allocation in spite of their record of cases. According to him, the fund would assist them in their frantic efforts to prevent any outbreak, as well as prepare against any eventuality. He expressed worry that efforts to combat the pandemic had eaten deep into the pockets of the states as they had spent huge money already and might not be able to sustain the gesture. Lalong said, “The forum would liaise with the federal government and the private sector to benefit from available palliatives and donations. “The region was making efforts to diversify its economy by concentrating on areas of its comparative advantage to reduce over dependence on federal government allocations, adding that it would also strengthen border controls and surveillance as well as collaborations, to ensure that there was synergy in enforcing movement restriction in the region. “There were indications that enforcing cross-border movements remained a challenge, as some recorded cases in some states were from external contacts in spite of borders’ closure.” Lalong stated that the resolutions of their meeting were for each State to adopt suitable measures peculiar to its environment as total lockdown may be detrimental, since most people in the region were farmers who needed to cultivate their farms, especially as the rainy season begins. He commended President Muhammadu Buhari for the measures taken to combat the pandemic and promised to support him to defeat the disease. Meanwhile, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, on Monday, confirmed twenty new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nigeria By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) is seeking a special fund from the Federal Government to combat the spread of COVID-19 in the region. The chairman of the forum and governor of the Plateau, Simon Lalong made the call in a statement by his Director of… April 14, 2020 In "Politics" The Northern States Governors Forum has stated that it might not be possible for them to lock down the northern states, even as the deadly coronavirus cases continue to rise across the country. Meeting on Monday via a conference call, the forum’s Chairman, Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State, shared… April 14, 2020 In "Politics" •Governor Willie Obiano There are fears that all may not be well with the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano, following his close contact with Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State during a recent National Economic Council (NEC) meeting in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja. Governor Bala Mohammed… March 30, 2020 In "News"