By George Odok Calabar  –   The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) and Senior Staff Association of Nigeria Polytechnics (SSANIP) in Cross River College of Health Technology, Calabar, has suspended its indefinite strike began since on March 10. A statement signed by the Chairman of ASUP, Mr Okon Ekpo, and SSANIP Chairman, Mr Effangha Archibong, on Friday, the unions said the suspension of the strike was on humanitarian grounds and took effect from April 16. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the unions had earlier embarked on an indefinite strike, over the suspension of its Consolidated Polytechnic and Colleges of Education and Academic Salary Structure by the state government. The unions, however, said the strike was also suspended because of the COVID-19 pandemic which had entered a dangerous and devastating phase of community transmission pattern in some cities in Nigeria. “The suspension of the strike is to enable the college, which is a frontline public health institution in the state, to join efforts and resources with very honest and well meaning people and institutions to sincerely contain the virus in the state. “The community transmission pattern of spread of the COVID-19 requires honest, positive and evidence based action devoid of sentiments or propaganda. “Since we are already better positioned and have been demonstrating such capacity, we cannot fold our arms and watch at this perilous time. “Accordingly, we hereby direct all our members to resume duty with immediate effect from Friday 17th April, 2020,” it stated. It noted that upon resumption, the Environmental Health, Pharmaceutical, Science and Medical Laboratories as well as Cosmetics Production unit in the college were to be open for the production of sanitisers and disinfectants for decontamination against COVID-19 in the state. “The Fashion and Design unit of the centre for Entrepreneurial Studies of the College is to be opened immediately for the production of masks according to prescribed standard to complement government and private efforts. “The academic community is to resume community development component of its core services as it relates to disease control and public health promotion and empowerment, considering the statewide coverage of members of the college community. “We sincerely hope that the state government will reciprocate this magnanimous gesture by addressing the outstanding issues that led to the suspended strike,” it added. (NAN) By Akeem Abas   Ibadan    -       The Governing Council of Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology (OYSCATECH) has suspended activities of all staff unions in the institution following their refusal to suspend a three and a half month-old strike. This suspension was announced in a statement issued by the… September 30, 2018 In "News" By Olayinka Olawale Lagos - Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP), Yaba College of Technology Chapter  has cautioned its members to shun unprofessional conducts as they return to the classrooms. Mr Nureni Yekini, Chairman of the chapter gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… February 14, 2019 In "News" Nasarawa - The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Federal Polytechnic, Nasarawa, Nasarawa state, has given a three-week ultimatum to the management of the institution to address lingering staff welfare issues or face an indefinite strike. The Chairman of the union, Mrs Benedicta Njoku, gave the threat on Thursday in… June 4, 2015 In "News"