The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has said the surge in the number of COVID-19 cases recorded in Nigeria is as a result of expansion of the testing capacities and activities. Boss Mustapha, Chairman of the Task Force and Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, explained during the Task Force daily briefing in Abuja yesterday, Mustapha said there were evidence of community spread. He stated that government had introduced the door-to-door testing in some communities in Lagos and Abuja. According to Mustapha: “Considering the dynamic nature of the response plan, the strategy for testing has been modified and door-to-door testing is now taking place in some communities in Lagos and Abuja. “Testing, detection, isolation, care and case management remain central to our success in this fight.” “The situation in Kano continues to be of concern and the PTF is working in close contact with the state government to arrest the situation. The PTF will update you as soon as there are new developments,” he stated. As at Wednesday, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, had confirmed 91 new COVID-19 cases in Nigeria. This brings the tally of confirmed cases to 873 in Nigeria. Source Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the control of Coronavirus and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, and the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, made public appearance yesterday. This was despite the order by President Muhammadu Buhari that all those who attended the burial… April 21, 2020 In "News" The Presidential Task Force, (PTF) on COVID-19 is developing a National Policy on mandatory use of face masks by Nigerians. Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha, who is also the Chairman of the task force made this known in Abuja during the daily news conference by… April 10, 2020 In "News" ....Asks Civil Servants On GL 12 Below to Stay Home By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government on Monday approved the immediate closure of all land borders that have been hitherto under partial closure ​​for human traffic for four weeks effective, ​​23rd March, 2020 as part of… March 23, 2020 In "Top Stories"