The public has continued to be in a sort of quandary as to the reason why a soldier shot a policewoman on duty during the ongoing lockdown over the rampaging COVID-19 outbreak currently ravaging the world. If the authorities have been able to extract the reason for the tragic incident, they have kept it sealed, even after the news went viral a couple of days ago about the incident, which saw the policewoman on COVID-19 lockdown duties at Tema Newtown almost fatally shot by a colleague soldier. Later identified as Lance Corporal Francisca Tengey, she was said to have been shot by the soldier identified as Able Seaman 1 (AB1) Oppong Bekoe of the Naval Headquarters, Burma Camp. Tengey was rushed to the Tema General Hospital for treatment, while the soldier was recalled from operation by the military command and is currently in detention as the authorities investigate the incident. Francisca Tengey Though the police have released a statement, acknowledging the incident and identifying the victim as working with the Domestic Violence and Victims Support Unit of the Police at Tema Regional Police Command, a statement released in that regard, was short on what led to the unfortunate incident Part of the statement reads: “Lance Corporal Tengey has been treated and discharged by medics at the Tema General Hospital after sustaining two fearful gunshots”. Source Whirlwind News The police have released the names and photographs of the three officers shot dead by soldiers in Taraba state. Frank Mba, force spokesman, had announced the tragic incident on Wednesday, narrating how some soldiers opened fire on the deceased officers along Ibi-Jalingo road in the state. The fallen officers are… August 8, 2019 In "News" According to The PUNCH, a Human Rights Activist, Femi Falana (SAN) has asked the Federal Government to withdraw armed troops from enforcing the lockdown order placed on the Federal Capital Territory; Lagos and Ogun States. He said deploying armed troops is illegal and unconstitutional based on precedent judgements of the… April 3, 2020 In "News" ABEOKUTA - The police say they are on the trail of a yet-to-be-identified non-commissioned officer of the Nigerian Navy over extra-judicial killing. The naval rating is said to have shot and killed a man over N200 toll fee on Saturday at the popular Kara market along the Lagos-Ibadan expressway in… December 22, 2019 In "Metro"