Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Israel detained the Palestinian governor of Jerusalem on Sunday over “illegal” activities, in at least the seventh time Adnan Ghaith has been arrested in less than 18 months. “Adnan Ghaith was detained this morning for Palestinian activity in Jerusalem, which is illegal,” police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told AFP. The Palestinian Authority (PA) official was arrested by Israel at least six times last year. A video circulating on social media showed Ghaith, wearing rubber gloves and smoking a cigarette, being escorted by police out of his east Jerusalem home. His attorney Rami Othman said Ghaith, who was taken for questioning, was apprehended primarily due to Palestinian activity related to the coronavirus outbreak. Israel occupied east Jerusalem in the 1967 Six-Day War and later annexed it in a move never recognised by the international community. It considers the entire city its capital, while the Palestinians see the eastern sector as the capital of their future state. Israel bans all PA activities in the city. As a result, the PA has a minister for Jerusalem affairs and a Jerusalem governor located in Al-Ram, just on the other side of an Israeli wall that separates the city and the occupied West Bank. [AFP]   London -   Britain called on Israel to improve the treatment of Palestinian children in military detention on Friday and said Israel should do more to safeguard vulnerable people in its care. The Foreign Office issued a statement in the wake of the sentencing of Palestinian teenage girl, Ahed Tamimi,… March 23, 2018 In "Foreign" GAZA/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli air strikes shook Gaza every few minutes on Wednesday, and militants kept up rocket fire at Israel's heartland in intensifying warfare that Palestinian officials said has killed at least 37 people in the Hamas-dominated enclave. Missiles from Israel's Iron Dome defense system shot into the sky… July 9, 2014 In "Foreign" Gaza (Border)  -  Israeli forces killed 41 Palestinians along the Gaza border on Monday, health officials said, as demonstrators streamed to the frontier on the day the U.S. prepared to open its embassy in Jerusalem. It was the highest Palestinian single-day death toll since a series of protests dubbed the… May 14, 2018 In "Foreign"