According to Daily Trust, the Kwara State Government has dismissed claims making wave across the state suggesting that a local delicacy of yam flour, popularly referred to as ‘Amala’, cures the COVID-19 infection. The Permanent Secretary, Kwara state Ministry of Health, Dr Abubakar Ayinla, stated this on Tuesday in Ilorin during the daily routine meetings of the medical team of the Kwara COVID-19 Technical Committee in the state. Dr Ayinla stated that the state government has set up the Risk Communication Teams, among others, to manage rumours and fake news circulating with regards to COVID-19 in the state. He explained that the teams were set up to allay fears of misconception, while reiterating that COVID-19 has no cure for now and that Amala cannot cure it. He also noted that the confirmed patients with COVID-19 infection at the Sobi Isolation Centre were faring well, adding that the state government is caring for their needs. Also speaking, Dr Michael Oguntoye, the Director, Primary Health Care at the Ministry of Health, explained that the state presently has three COVID-19 isolation centres across the state. According to him, the Sobi Isolation Centre currently has 300 bed space for different levels of care as well as the intensive care unit together with high risk unit. He noted that the whole of the Sobi hospital has been converted to an Isolation centre. The other Isolation centres, he said, included the Hajj Transit Camp which has been turned to an Isolation centre and establishment of another Isolation camp at Offa. Oguntoye also said the state had acquired additional two ventilators to cater for any eventuality. Daily Trust reports that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Tuesday said Kwara state had four confirmed coronavirus cases. Source The federal government is trying to trace most of the 155 passengers in the aircraft that brought to Nigeria the Italian confirmed with coronavirus disease (COVID-19). It was gathered that the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire revealed this yesterday while briefing newsmen in Abuja. He said 156 passengers were… March 3, 2020 In "Health" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The European Union (EU) 50 million Euros donation to Nigeria will be channeled to the “One COVID-19 Basket Fund” for the national pandemic response plan. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who is also the Presidential Task Force (PTF)… April 14, 2020 In "News" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) says misinformation during epidemics could make disease outbreaks such as the Coronavirus (COVID-19) worse. NCDC’s Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. ”We are also battling… March 4, 2020 In "Health"