Even as virologists and other medical scientists are still grappling with a multiplicity of ideas to produce effective vaccines to tackle the novel COVID-19 that has wrestled humanity on its knees, a cleric says there is hope after all. In an interview with News Express, the cleric, Prophet Francis Onwudinwe Otukwu, General Supervisor of ThankGod Awaited Liberation Ministry, Lagos, affirmed that he has found remedy for the pandemic. The remedy comes in the form of Aligator pepper and Piper guineense (popularly known in Nigeria by its Igbo name, Uziza. On the preparation of the remedy, Prophet Otukwu said: “Buy 5 pieces of Aligator pepper “Buy milk cup of dried Uziza seed. “Grind the two seeds together into powder form. “Take pinch of it and swallow for 3 – 4 times in a week. “Very effective for the treatment and prevention of coronavirus.” Prophet Otukwu attributed his finding to “divine revelation.” He said: “I did not stumble on the remedy neither is it a product of research since I am not a pharmacologist, a medical expert or a pharmaceutical entrepreneur. It is by Divine Revelation, which is the means by which God communicates with me as a Prophet. “We got the revelation in March this year. It is not a prescriptive drug from a pharmacy or hospital. Even medical doctors admit that they treat the patient but it is God that heals. It was a revelation God gave to his own children who believe in him as the ultimate Healer. That is why we are sure it will work for us and those who believe in our ministry, whether Christians, Moslems or even pagans.” Asked if any Coronavirus patient has been cured with the or if any test has been conducted to ascertain its efficacy, his answer was no while also admitting he had neither a COVID-19 patient nor does he expect anyone anytime soon. “We did not advertise nor go into mass production of it. I wonder why the issue of those cured should arise. Besides, it is important to note that it is recommended as both a preventive measure and a cure. And because we trust God, we don’t query his revelations. The remedy is not meant for the world.” Prophet Otukwu said the remedy is anchored on the “divine revelation” in Psalm 91:1, 3-6 where God affirmed that His specific provisions and assurance of divine protection: ‘He that dwelleth in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty…Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence….Thou shall not be afraid of the terrors by night nor of the arrow that flieth by day; Nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness….’ “Please check the dictionary definition of pestilence for more spiritual understanding of the Coronavirus. From the above text you can also see that God did not promise total protection for all, but for those under the cover of the world of justice.” He attributed the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic to God’s wrath over the sin which he said has pervaded the entire humanity, adding: “My message, first to the world, is that God is angry with the entire humanity and therefore sent this virus as a punishment. People should turn away from their sins and embrace God where He dwells. “Second, in Isaiah 26: 20, 21 God said: ‘Come, my people, enter thou into thy chambers and shut thy doors about thee: hide thyself as it were for a little moment, until the indignation be overpast. (21) For behold the Lord cometh out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity; the earth also shall disclose her blood and shall no more cover her slain.’ “In response to the above scripture, it is in the interest of Nigerians to observe the basic rules of hygiene and comply with the stipulation on social distancing by the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)/Federal Ministry of Health, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, and state governments nationwide. “Furthermore, if you believe, use the remedy as recommended. Certainly, divine intervention is needed to contain the spread and minimize fatalities because the pandemic is God’s curse on the entire humanity,” Prophet Otukwu said. Source •Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari In an earlier article on COVID-19 pandemic and your occupation, I stressed the point that the importance of any occupation under this period of COVID-19 pandemic emergency, is judged by the role it plays in stopping the spread of the virus… April 8, 2020 In "Opinion" By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - A Catholic Priest, Rev. Fr. Malachy Maduewesi, has urged Christians not to be discouraged by the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic but to take strength in the resurrection of Jesus Christ.Maduewesi, of Catholic Diocese of Awka, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… April 12, 2020 In "News" Dr Maurice Iwu is a professor of Pharmacognosy from the University of Nigeria Nsukka (UNN) and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Bioresources Development Group (BDG). The professor claims Coronavirus is among the neglected tropical emergent diseases and belongs to a class of viruses that are very common and includes the… April 10, 2020 In "News"