Ugandan President, Yoweri Museveni, in a bid to discourage fitness enthusiasts in his country from breaking the lockdown order, recorded a video of himself jogging and doing push-ups in his office to show that it’s possible to exercise indoors. In the video, Museveni began with a short speech before walking his countrymen through his exercise routine in his office. He jogged for a bit, then he did push-ups. For those who don’t have space in their houses, he advised them to run in their compound to avoid breaking the Coronavirus lockdown in the country. Sharing the video to Twitter, he wrote: “Yesterday, I discouraged people who have been jogging in groups, exposing themselves to risk amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. You do not have to go outdoors to exercise. Here is my demonstration of how you can exercise indoors and stay safe.” Watch the video below. Ugandan President, Yoweri Museveni, in a bid to discourage fitness enthusiasts in his country from breaking the lockdown order, recorded a video of himself jogging and doing push-ups in his office to show that it’s possible to exercise indoors.In the video, Museveni began with a short speech before walking his countrymen through his exercise routine in his office.He jogged for a bit, then he did push-ups.For those who don’t have space in their houses, he advised them to run in their compound to avoid breaking the Coronavirus lockdown in the country.Sharing the video to Twitter, he wrote: “Yesterday, I discouraged people who have been jogging in groups, exposing themselves to risk amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. You do not have to go outdoors to exercise. Here is my demonstration of how you can exercise indoors and stay safe.” Watch the video below. Yesterday, I discouraged people who have been jogging in groups, exposing themselves to risk amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. You do not have to go outdoors to exercise. Here is my demonstration of how you can exercise indoors and stay safe. pic.twitter.com/Ulbj6vGOYQ Source Kampala   -       Uganda’s constitutional court has approved the removal of the presidential age limit of 75 years, a ruling that would potentially allow President Yoweri Museveni to extend his three-decade rule. The court endorsed parliament’s decision to scrap the cap in December that drew accusations from opposition parties that the… July 27, 2018 In "Foreign" Amid mounting panic and uncertainties over the ravages of COVID-19 worldwide, Nigerians are wracked by the double whammy of disabling fear over the scourge of the virus and bewildering COVID-19-inspired fraud by their government. Nigerians on social media justifiably say their country’s most pressing burden now is how to deal… April 4, 2020 In "Opinion" Kampala -  Soldiers involved in the beating of Ugandan lawmakers and civilians over their alleged role in a stoning of President Yoweri Museveni’s convoy have been arrested, the army said on Tuesday. Supporters of an independent candidate contesting a parliamentary by-election threw stones at Museveni’s motorcade on Aug. 13 as… August 28, 2018 In "Foreign"