By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Broll Nigeria Property Services, owners of Jabi Lake Mall, Abuja which houses Shoprite, Game and numerous Nigerian shops has served its tenants notice of late payment and two percent (2%) interest on lease amount at a time when Nigerian government announced a lockdown  to contain the spread of coronavirus pandemic. This notice is coming when the world faces one of its worst challenges ever, the corona virus;  a  time when G7 and G20 countries are contemplating debt-relief for poor countries; with government, organisations and wealthy individuals rolling out palliatives to cushion the devastating effect of this pandemic.  Rather than toe this path, Broll Nigeria Property Services are threatening its tenants with notice of late payment with a 2 percent interest of lease. Broll Nigeria Services should align itself with the mood of governments and organizations all over the world as well as world bodies and realize that this crisis demands that we must put lives above resources and health above debt and suspend this notice at this critical moment when lives and businesses face serious uncertainty. Moreso, these businesses located in Abuja were affected by the lockdown directives of the Federal Capital Territory Administration that non-essential businesses within the FCT are to shut down operations as part of measure to contain the spread of the dreaded COVID-19. To this extent, these businesses have since been shut down in compliance with the government directive and Since extra-ordinary times call for extra-ordinary measures, all concerned, including Broll Nigeria Property Services must go extra mile and provide businesses with much needed and urgent financial relief which include debt moratorium and the best time to do so is now that coronavirus has altered all projections and permutations. It is due to the exigencies of the moment that Broll Nigeria Property Services, which is largely owned by South Africa, should exhibit the desired sensitivity to the plights of these businesses and Nigerian people and trade softly on this debt demand. The notice made available to Sundiata Post Reads: JABI LAKE MALL, PLOT 1265A CADASTRAL ZONE, OFF BALA SOKOTO WAY, JABI. JABI DISTRICT, ABUJA. 01/ 04/2020. ATTENTION: ALLTENANTS, NOTICE OF LATE PAYMENT AND 2% INTEREST IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEASE. Please be informed once again that notwithstanding all previous notices with respect to Rental Payment, It has become necessary due to ongoing late payments to re-iterate the terms as agreed in the lease agreement. Whereas all tenants are required to pay in advance i.e. Rent & Service Charge on the 1st day of the Month. The Utilities bills will continue to be paid upon demand in arrears by the Landlord. Please be advised as above from here and forthwith that all late payments will be charged interest of 2% on all bills/invoices outstanding upon failure  to remedy the breach within a period of 7 days. This will be strictly enforced going forward and we look forward to cooperation. Payment details are as follows: ACCOUNT NAME: JABI MALL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LIMITED BANK: STANBICIBTC PLC ACCOUNT NUMBER (RENT):0026529658(NGN) ACCOUNT NUMBER (RENT):0026529642(USD) ACCOUNT NUMBER (SERVICECHARGE):0026529830(NGN) ACCOUNT NUMBER (SERVICECHARGE):0026529816(USD) Sincerely, Jabi Lake Mall(Center Management).     Contrary to high vacancy rates for Grade A office buildings resulting from space oversupply across major cities of Nigeria, development and demand for co-working locations are on the rise, underpinning growth in the start-up community and millennial population in the country. Co-working spaces, commonly called collaborative work-spaces, are today in… May 3, 2019 In "Business" There are strong indications that the vice president and governors may be in palpable fear following report of self-isolation of the Bauchi State governor, Bala Moham­med, over the coronavirus pandemic. Such fears may have be­come rife following contact between the Bauchi gover­nor and son of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar,… March 24, 2020 In "Politics" According to Punch Metro, the Senate leadership has directed senators who recently returned from an official trip from Europe to go for coronavirus test immediately. Members of the Senate Committee on Petroleum Resources Upstream returned to Nigeria this week from a three-day international training programme, organised by Skills and Career… March 20, 2020 In "Politics"