At least five people were killed and more than a dozen injured on Wednesday as severe weather hit the U.S. states of Oklahoma and Texas, according to officials. A tornado touched down in Marshall County, Oklahoma around 5.00 p.m. local time (2200 GMT), leaving two people dead and another person in critical condition at a hospital, local media reported, quoting Robert Chaney, the county’s Emergency Management Director. Several vehicles were thrown into trees and the tornado caused damage to two steel manufacturing companies, Chaney was quoted as saying. The Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management said the tornado had damaged at least 12 homes, businesses and power lines in Marshall County. In Polk County, Texas, at least three people were killed and between 20 and 30 people injured after storms ripped through multiple neighbourhoods in the area around dinnertime, according to the Polk County Office of Emergency Management. “A tornado warning went into effect at approximately 5.45 p.m. (2245 GMT). At 6.11 p.m., we began receiving reports of storm-related damage,’’ it said, adding that search and rescue is ongoing. “The state has already deployed response teams and medical resources to help Texans in need and to provide assistance to these communities,’’ Texas Governor, Greg Abbott, said in a statement. “Our hearts are with our fellow Texans tonight and the state will continue to do everything it can to support those affected by this severe weather,’’ he added. (Xinhua/NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Heavy rain and snowfall, on Monday continued to wreak havoc by disrupting daily life in different areas of Pakistan, killing at least 26 people in the last 24 hours, local media and officials said. According to the Provincial Disaster Management Authority (PDMA), Balochistan Pakistan’s South-West Balochistan… January 13, 2020 In "Foreign" Kigali - The death toll in Rwanda’s weekend landslides and floods triggered by heavy rainfall has climbed to 19 from 13 reported earlier, authorities said on Tuesday. A disaster update report from the Ministry of Emergency Management showed that the disasters mainly hit Kigali’s Districts of Gasabo, Kicukiro and Gatsibo… February 4, 2020 In "Foreign" Chinese Landslide Kills More Than 120 June 24, 2017 In "Foreign"