The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), says about 50 shanties are affected by the fire at Olaiya, Mechanic Bus Stop off Orege in Ajegunle, a suburb in Lagos State. The Public Affairs Officer of LASEMA, Mr Nosa Okunbor, said this in a statement in Lagos on Saturday. Okunbor said that the agency knew about the incident through an overnight distress call on one of its emergency lines 767/112, at about 01:55am. He said LASEMA activated the Lagos State Emergency Response Plan and its Response Team to stop the inferno and investigate the cause of the incident. According to him, the incident which took place at Olaiya Mechanic Bus Stop by 1 & 2 Hotel, off Orege, Ajegunle. “The fire incident occurred at Ajegunle, a suburb in Lagos with large areas made up of wooden shanties mostly occupied by people living in close quarters to each other. “The fire was reportedly ignited from a forgotten candle by one occupant of the shanty, which led to the fire engulfimg the entire settlement covering approximately one acre of land. “The fire incident, which was put out by the LASEMA Response Team at 3 p.m. did not record any loss of lives, or injuries to residents. “However the fire was curtailed from escalating to other buildings by the combined effort of the LASEMA Response Team, the Lagos State and Federal Fire Services,” he said. (NAN). Fire on Wednesday disrupted the activities of the officers of the Rapid Response Squad (RRS) headquarters at the Alausa, Ikeja office. The Nation learnt that one of the power distribution boxes in the RRS office caught fire. The RRS office is near Bagauda Kaltho Press Centre. The incident occurred around… February 12, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Aisha Cole Lagos - The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) has confirmed the death of two people in a gas explosion which occurred on Thursday. It added that 23 others who were seriously injured were rescued  from the explosion that occurred at Adule Street, Off Ojo Road,  in… November 28, 2019 In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) has warned motorists to avoid dangerous driving and always ensure they drive within the approved speed limit. The General Manager, LASEMA, Mr Adesina Tiamiyu, also urged motorists to always obey all road signs. Tiamiyu urged motorists to be… March 6, 2019 In "News"