Police have arrested three women after they allegedly threatened to spit at officers and infect them with coronavirus when a suspected house party was shut down. Police were called to Edgeland Terrace, in Eastbourne, England, at around 9.45pm on Wednesday after being tipped off about a gathering inside a property. When they arrived at the address officers were told they would be spat at and deliberately exposed to COVID-19. One officer was then allegedly assaulted and suffered an injury to his head that required hospital treatment. Bayleigh Meadows, 21, unemployed, of Eastbourne, was arrested and charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and affray. Millie Robinson, 21, unemployed, of Eastbourne, was arrested and charged with two counts of assaulting an emergency worker and affray. They are both due to appear before magistrates today. Nicole Stonestreet, 20, unemployed, of Seaside, Eastbourne, has been charged with assaulting an emergency worker and affray. She has been released on bail until a later date. Source: Yahoo News A mobile court in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, on Monday sentenced 27 women to one month in prison for prostitution. The convicts, who were arrested last Wednesday and Thursday, were, however, given an option of N3,000 fine each. Their lawyer, Jennifer Ogbogu, explained that the sex workers pleaded guilty… April 30, 2019 In "Metro" About two weeks after police officers arrested 30 women at different night clubs in Abuja, another 70 women have been arrested. The latest arrests were done on Saturday night and the victims were taken to and detained at a police station, a witness said. Martin Obono, a lawyer and activist,… April 29, 2019 In "Metro" Lagos - The operatives of the Lagos State Task Force has arraigned 13 workers of 7Up Bottling Company fo allegedly assaulting officers of the Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA). Chairman of the Task Force, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi disclosed in a press statement signed by Adebayo Taofiq, Head, Public Affairs… June 20, 2019 In "News"