A Councillor in Katcha Local government Area of Niger state (names withheld) is on the run after allegedly disappearing with of 30 bags of grains meant to be distributed as palliative to members of his constituency. He has now been declared wanted by the police. According to the Secretary to the Niger State Government (SSG), Alhaji Ahmed Ibrahim Matane, who is the Chairman Niger State Taskforce on COVID-19, who confirmed this, said the Councillor was part of a Committee set up for the distribution of the grains to his community. The state COVID-19 Taskforce Chairman also explained that the 30 bags comprised of 10 bags of rice, 10 bags of maize, and 10 bags of millet was allocated each to all the 274 wards across the 25 Local Government councils by the state government. According to the Matane, “Committees have been set up in each of the 274 wards which comprises of Councillor, Party Chairman, Ward head, and a religious leader to monitor the distribution of the grains”. Matane, who expressed disappointment over the attitude of the local government councillor, told journalists that security agents have been detailed to get him arrested for proper scrutiny and for the next line of action. The state COVID-19 task force Chairman further explained that more set of grains meant to serve as palliatives will be distributed across the local government based on the procedure outline for the distribution across the State. Source The Bayelsa State Government has extended the sit-at-home order for an additional two weeks. Governor Douye Diri said this during an enlarged meeting with members of the state’s COVID-19 Task Force and security agencies at the Government House, Yenagoa, according to a report by Punch. Diri, who is the chairman… April 10, 2020 In "Politics" By Auwalu Birnin Kudu Daura   -   The Wife of Katsina State Governor, Hajiya Zakiya Masari, has presented foodstuff worth N12 million to less privileged women in Daura Senatorial Zone. Presenting the items at a ceremony in Daura on Monday, Mrs Masari said that the items were donated by… June 12, 2017 In "News" By Yinusa Ishola Omu-Aran (Kwara) - Rep. Raheem Olawuyi, a federal lawmaker from Kwara, on Friday commenced distribution of food items to his constituents to cushion the effect of the stay-at-home directive over COVID-19 pandemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the distribution of the food items started… April 3, 2020 In "News"