By Ismaila Chafe Abuja –   The Personal Assistant to the President on New Media, Malam Bashir Ahmed, has described President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, late Abba Kyari, as one of the most misunderstood persons in the history of Nigeria. The Presidency had in the early hours of Saturday announced the death of Abba Kyari, who had tested positive to the ravaging COVID-19. Kyari died on Friday. In what appears to be a tribute to late Abba Kyari, on his Twitter page, @BashirAhmaad, in Abuja on Saturday, the presidential aide also described the deceased as a man of honour, who sacrificed his life for Nigeria. “Abba Kyari certainly was one of the most misunderstood people in the history of Nigeria. “Those who had the opportunity to know him personally will tell you how extremely a good person he was. “He was a man of honour and will be remembered as someone who sacrificed his life for this country,’’ Ahmed twitted. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Kyari was first appointed as Chief of Staff to the President in August 2015, and reappointed in 2019 by President Buhari. Kyari, aged 82, left behind a wife and four children and would be buried later in the day. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had announced that as at 11.00 p.m. on April 17, there were 493 confirmed cases of COVID-19 pandemic in the country, while 157 had been recovered, with 17 death. (NAN) Abba Kyari, President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff died on Friday, April 17, 2020. Kyari was flown to Lagos State after he tested positive for the deadly Coronavirus which has claimed many lives worldwide. Here, DAILY POST brings to you 10 things to know about the late Chief of Staff… April 18, 2020 In "News" The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, yesterday, exhibited its clout for upsetting human activities at the top echelons of the Nigerian government. Shortly after reports that Chief of Staff Abba Kyari tested positive to the virus, the Presidential Villa in Abuja was no longer the same. It retained all the trappings of… March 25, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA - Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari has tested positive to coronavirus, ThisDay reports. It also said President Muhammadu Buhari has tested negative for the COVID-19 virus (Coronavirus), following a test for the disease that was carried out yesterday on the president by the Nigeria… March 24, 2020 In "News"