Cristiano Ronaldo has been looking to keep himself in shape during the coronavirus crisis, but has been urged to respect the lockdown, Goal.com reports. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner has been warned that he has “no privilege” when it comes to coronavirus lockdown rules, with the Juventus superstar having been spotted training at Madeira’s national stadium. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner returned to his homeland prior to the Covid-19 pandemic shutting down football around the world. He has remained in his native Portugal after seeing his mother suffer a health scare and Juve grant permission for a number of senior stars to remain away from Turin. Ronaldo has been keeping himself in shape during an enforced break, with the 35-year-old eager to hit the ground running when competitive action resumes. His regime has seen him get out of the house and make use of CD Nacional’s home ground in Funchal. The former Manchester United and Real Madrid forward was far from the only person in attendance when being put through his paces and Madeira’s regional secretary of health, Pedro Ramos, has urged a global superstar to set a good example for others when it comes to social distancing. He told reporters: “Ronaldo has no special permission to train. “Cristiano Ronaldo has the right to train as long as he respects the rules like all citizens, there is no privilege. “All citizens can leave the house and do so, as long as they do not cause gatherings and maintain a safe distance during the exercise. Therefore, Ronaldo did what we have seen. “There was no special authorisation because we are all the same, we are all facing the same pandemic. “The best player in the world must use his image to set an example, but Cristiano seems to me to have done just a few minutes of exercise and, therefore, there is no harm in the world. “I would not like it to be said that it is trivialisation, because we are all responsible. “All Madeirans are complying with the rules of the regional government. And those who do not know that the forces of authority can exercise their power.” source PARIS   -       Real Madrid’s Croatia midfielder Luka Modric was named winner of the 2018 Ballon d’Or on Monday, breaking Cristiano Ronaldo’s and Lionel Messi’s decade-long hold on the prestigious award. Juventus forward and 2017 winner Ronaldo came second, while Atletico Madrid and France striker Antoine Griezmann came third. Paris… December 4, 2018 In "Sports" Failing to sign Cristiano Ronaldo is outgoing Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger’s biggest transfer regret in his almost 22-year-reign at the Premier League club, the 68-year-old has said. Wenger signed some of the league’s best players during his reign, including Thierry Henry, Robert Pires, Cesc Fabregas and Mesut Ozil, but Arsenal… May 17, 2018 In "Sports" The Portugal International and Real Madrid attacker, Cristiano Ronaldo has been crowned the 2014 Fifa Ballon d'Or ahead of Barcelona forward Lionel Messi and Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, scooping up the prestigious individual award for the third time in his career. Ronaldo who enjoyed a very successful 2014, guiding… January 12, 2015 In "Sports"