The Federal Government on Thursday granted amnesty to no fewer than 2,600 inmates as part of measures to decongest prison facilities in the country amid the coronavirus pandemic, The PUNCH reports. The Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, disclosed this at an ongoing press conference at the headquarters of the Nigerian Correctional Service in Abuja. He said at least 70 inmates, who are serving various terms for crimes against the society, would be processed and released later today. Aregbesola said the affected inmates include inmates that are 60years and above; those suffering from ill-health likely to terminate in death; convicts serving three years and above and have less than six months to serve; inmates with mental issues; and inmates with an option of fine not exceeding N50,000. He said, “In a symbolic gesture of the amnesty given to the 2,600 inmates across Nigeria, 41 Federal inmates and 29 FCT inmates making a total of 70 inmates who met the above criteria will be released today from the Kuje Custodial Centre in Abuja. “This amnesty will not apply to inmates sentenced for violent extreme offences such as terrorism, kidnapping, armed banditry, rape, human trafficking, culpable homicide and so on. “The Governors of the 36 states under whose jurisdiction most of the inmates were incarcerated will complete the exercise in line with the federal principle.” Source By Ephraims Sheyin, Surveys on the situations of the prisons across the country show that most of them lack basic facilities in terms of structures, services and feeding of the inmates, among others. The surveys also indicate that there are cases of over-crowding in some prisons across the country, observing… July 13, 2015 In "News" Harare -  President Emmerson Mnangagwa of Zimbabwe on Thursday pardoned 3,000 prisoners as part of government efforts to decongest prisons and improve living conditions of inmates. Those who benefited from the amnesty, announced by the Zimbabwe Prisons and Correctional Services (ZPCS) on Wednesday, include all female prisoners except those sentenced… March 22, 2018 In "Foreign" Lafia- Gov. Tanko Al-Makura of Nasarawa on Saturday granted amnesty to a 17-year-old nursing mother and eight other prison inmates on grounds of age. Al-Makura granted the pardon when he visited Lafia Prison as part of the activities to celebrate 20 years of the creation of the state and the… October 1, 2016 In "News"