Rome –  Former Pope Benedict XVI on Thursday celebrated his 93rd birthday under strict isolation at home due to the novel coronavirus pandemic. Benedict, who has been living in a monastery within Vatican grounds since retiring seven years ago, has stopped contacts with the outside world to minimise contagion risks. “We live under ‘house arrest’ like so many people in Italy, and though thank goodness everybody is doing well, of course there are no visits,’’ his private secretary, Archbishop Georg Gaenswein, told Vatican News. However, a surprise is planned for the retired pontiff. Gaenswein said he would be given an advance copy of his new biography, a 1,100-page “magnum opus” by Peter Seewald, a German author who already published several book interviews with Benedict. “Benedikt XVI: Ein Leben” (Benedict XVI: A Life) is due out on May 4. In the past years, Benedict celebrated his birthdays with a delegation from his home German state of Bavaria, including his 96-year-old brother Georg Ratzinger, also a priest. In 2019, Pope Francis paid Benedict a visit on the eve of his birthday. Benedict XVI was formerly known as Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger of Germany. In 2013, he became the first pope to resign in almost 600 years. (dpa/NAN) Rome -   The Catholic Church is experiencing an onslaught of scandals of sex abuse within its ranks, a Senior Vatican Official said on Tuesday. The comments were made by German Archbishop Georg Gaenswein, the secretary of retired pope Benedict XVI and prefect of the papal household under Pope Francis,… September 11, 2018 In "Foreign" Vatican City - Former Pope Benedict XVI has made a rare foray outside of his secluded Vatican residence, the Vatican confirmed on Friday. The 92-year-old spent on Thursday afternoon and evening in the Castelli Romani area just outside Rome, Vatican spokesman, Matteo Bruni, said in a statement that backed up… July 26, 2019 In "Foreign" By Agency Reporter For the Catholic faithful, this piece of news will definitely be hard to stomach: Pope Francis says he has only two or three years to live. Although the Argentina-born Pontiff was silent on why he thinks he would not live for more than three years, he hinted… August 20, 2014 In "News"