A Nigerian researcher, Professor Ayodele Israel Adeleye, has disclosed that he had found the coronavirus cure and is ready to treat 5 people for free if the government would allow. The former lecturer with the Department of Microbiology, Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital, (ABUTH), Zaria said there was a three-day window for the coronavirus cure discovery, just as he assured that if adopted, the current lockdown world over due to the scourge would be history, The Guardian reports. The parasitologist told reporters: “If the government brings in five people with COVID-19, I will treat them for free, right in front of your cameras.” Adeleye, who resigned from the ABU to pursue private research projects in medical sciences, assured Nigerians that his “COVID-19 cure is real and the next after God in terms effectiveness.” He insisted that it takes between three and five days to cure the patient completely of the disease. “If the world adopts my cure, the lockdown in the world will end,” he added. On the success of his clinical trial for the cure, he said since animals don’t contract COVID-19, he could not test the efficacy on them, but explained that already, five persons had been treated successfully. His words: “Animals are not susceptible to COVID-19. The only luck we have is that someone who had COVID-19 was brought to us and cured. “About five people, including my former students who knew me with research, have been calling and asking if I have something to cure COVID-19. “One of the patients was having breathing problems already and he took the treatment. In 10 minutes he was already getting better. “We told him that this is new, we cannot assure you how long it will give you immunity, so stay quarantined and keep social distancing.” Source Dr Maurice Iwu is a professor of Pharmacognosy from the University of Nigeria Nsukka (UNN) and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Bioresources Development Group (BDG). The professor claims Coronavirus is among the neglected tropical emergent diseases and belongs to a class of viruses that are very common and includes the… April 10, 2020 In "News" The Provost of Luminar International College of Alternative Medicine, Enugu, Prof. Joseph Akpa, has dared the government to send him patients to treat after finding a cure for coronavirus pandemic. Prof. Akpa, made the claim to newsmen in a press conference held in Enugu on Wednesday. According to him, he… April 2, 2020 In "Health" The Coalition of South East Youth Leasers (COSEYL) Tuesday threatened to resist any attempt by the Federal Government to bring in Chinese doctors into the country. Speaking to the Nation in Owerri, the President General of the youths coalition group, Goodluck Ibem said it would amount to suicide mission to… April 7, 2020 In "News"