A student of Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria, Kaduna State, has been hailed on Twitter after he designed and manufactured a “manual ventilator” in 2 days to aid in the treatment of Coronavirus patients. 20-year-old Usman Dalhatu, from Gombe state, is a 200-level student of Mechanical Engineering at the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU). Usman has been an inventor since secondary school, made the manual ventilator with locally sourced materials. He said that he designed and produced the manual ventilator as part of the effort to assist the Federal Government to fight the Coronavirus pandemic. Below is a video of him explaining how the manual ventilator is used. Video bellow: Usman Dalhatu, a 200-level student of Mechanical Engineering at the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) Zaria, designed and produced a manual "ventilator" in just 2 days to be used in treating coronavirus patients. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Apr 8, 2020 at 12:37am PDT Source As coronavirus spreads to six states in Nigeria, with fear that the infection could get worse, highly-placed health workers have said that the nation does not have up to 500 ventilators across the 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory. Findings by Punch correspondents show that hospitals may experience difficulties… March 24, 2020 In "News" The National Agency for Science and Engineering Infrastructure has produced the first made in Nigeria ventilators, according to Punch. The development is aimed at combating the COVID-19 disease in the country. Ventilator is a vital equipment in the treatment of coronavirus patients. NASENI has equally produced mobile sprayers, which are… April 7, 2020 In "News" A 25-year-old graduating Nigerian student identified as Bassey Offiong has died after contracting coronavirus. Bassey who was expected to graduate with a chemical engineering degree in a few weeks reportedly died of coronavirus on Saturday March 28, after allegedly being turned down several times for the coronavirus test in the… March 30, 2020 In "News"