Fuji Maestro and Maiyegun of Yorubaland, Wasiu Ayinde Marshal, K1 De Ultimate has denied having a romantic affair with Olori Ajoke, one of the wives of the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III. In a statement by Kunle Rasheed, KWAM 1’s media adviser, the musician denied the allegation and promised to take legal actions against the author of the allegation. “Let me categorically state that the allegation is false concocted from the pit of hell by those whose aim is to drag to the mud, the name of K1 De Ultimate and ultimately that of the most revered kingdom in Yoruba land. These agents of Lucifer have continued in their warped delusions to see K1 go to the ground just for being conferred with the title of Mayegun of Yoruba land,” Rasheed noted. Read Also; COVID-19: Miyetti Allah collaborates Bauchi Gov’t to curb spreadRasheed also hinted that his principal will be instituting a legal action against the author of the news saying, “Let me remind the rumour mongers that Nigeria has adequate laws to bring anyone who has embarked on character assassination of the innocent to book. The fans and the general public should rest assured that we will legally seek redress for this allegation.” KWAM 1’s aide also stressed that the 63-year-old Fuji musician is aware of the customs and traditions of the Yoruba and as such, cannot bring disrepute to the culture and tradition of the Yorubaland. The Nation Fuji maestro, Wasiu Anifowoshe Ayinde Marshall (KWAM 1), the Mayegun of Yoruba land has stirred reactions from social media users after a video of an incident involving him at an event surfaced online. Also known as K1 De Ultimate, the 63-year-old musician was caught on camera slapping a photographer on… March 11, 2020 In "News" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nigerian popular Fuji musician, Alabi Pasuma a.k.a ‘Oganla’ celebrates his birthday as he clock 52. The renowned music star, who could not hide his joy took to his Instagram page @officialpasuma to appreciate God for His great work. He wrote; “Appreciation Modupe Onibu Oree Baba Gba… November 27, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Philomina Attah Abuja - The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has threatened legal action against 44 property owners including two buildings in Abuja belonging to Pinnacle Communications Ltd. In a letter to the Management of Pinnacle Communications, ICPC also dismissed allegation by the digital telecommunication… January 26, 2020 In "News"