As the world struggles to fight the spread of covid-19 in humans, researchers studying bats in Myanmar have discovered six new types of coronavirus. This is the first time these viruses have been discovered and the team, from the Smithsonian’s Global Health Program, say they aren’t closely related to covid-19 or SARS or MERS – two other types of coronavirus. It’s believed the current pandemic was spread to humans initially from bats in China and the Smithsonian researchers say further studies will need to be performed to understand the potential for transmission across species of these new coronaviruses. The findings have been published in the scientific journal PLOS ONE and aim to help widen the scientific understanding of coronaviruses in bats. It is hoped that the findings will inform and global efforts to detect future viruses and either prevent or respond to further outbreaks as appropriate. ‘Viral pandemics remind us how closely human health is connected to the health of wildlife and the environment,’ said Marc Valitutto, former wildlife veterinarian with the Smithsonian’s Global Health Program and lead author of the study. ‘Worldwide, humans are interacting with wildlife with increasing frequency, so the more we understand about these viruses in animals—what allows them to mutate and how they spread to other species––the better we can reduce their pandemic potential.’ In this photograph taken on January 19, 2017, snake and heads of mountain goats is displayed over a lotion mixed with oil from rare animals and plants at a traditional medicine shop at the sprawling grounds of Golden Rock pagoda in Mount Kyaikhteeyoe surrounded by souvenir shops, restaurants and monastery located in Mon State, a major religious pilgrimage site for Myanmar’s Buddhist. Under the shadow of Myanmar’s famed ‘Golden Rock’ punters haggle for the latest traditional medicine cure — slices of skin from the country’s fast disappearing wild elephants sold for a few dollars a square inch. A maze of shops sell everything from pieces of ivory and tiger’s teeth to vials of bear oil. Vendors claim elephant skin can cure skin diseases like eczema. / Researchers detected these new viruses while conducting biosurveillance of animals and people to better understand the circumstances for disease spillover as part of a project known as PREDICT. The project is an initiative funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) that supports the global discovery and surveillance of pathogens that have the potential to spread from animals to humans. The team focused their research on sites in Myanmar where humans are more likely to come into close contact with local wildlife due to changes in land use and development. From May 2016 to August 2018, they collected more than 750 saliva and fecal samples from bats in these areas which provided the basis for their findings – long before the current covid-19 pandemic hit. Experts estimate that thousands of coronaviruses––many of which have yet to be discovered—are present in bats. Source: metro.co.uk Researchers have found shocking similarities between the Wuhan coronavirus and HIV and Ebola. These mutations suggest the virus is manmade. Remember all those "crazy" stories about COVID-19 leaking from a Chinese lab? Well, they might actually be true. | Image: Handout / National Institutes of Health / AFP The novel… March 4, 2020 In "Health" MAURICE Iwu, Professor of Pharmacognosy and former chairman of INEC, has said that Nigeria has developed drugs for Coronavirus or COVID-19. He said his research group had identified and patented a possible treatment for coronavirus as far back as 2015. Iwu told Ogbonnaya Onu, minister of science and technology, that… March 3, 2020 In "News" (CNN)- Scientists have said that a type of snake may be the original source of the Wuhan coronavirus. However, other infectious disease experts say the ultimate culprit is more likely to be the bat. "When you look at the genetic sequence of the virus, and you match it up with… February 7, 2020 In "Foreign"