The Lagos State Police Command has arrested and detained the former gubernatorial candidate in Lagos State, Babatunde Gbadamosi, for allegedly contravening lockdown order declared by the State Government to curtail coronavirus spread. According to Guardian NG, Gbadamosi was detained after being spotted in a viral video attending a birthday party organised by Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele-Bello for her husband, Abdul-Rasheed Bello, held in Amen Estate, Ibeju-Lekki axis of the state. Following the arrest of Funke Akindele, Gbadamosi had apologized for attending the house party, violating the Lagos State Government’s order, which barred a public gathering of more 20 people. The actress hosted the in-house party at her residence in Amen Estate in Lagos on Saturday, April 4, to mark the birthday of her husband, Abdul Rasheed Bello, known as JJC Skillz. Meanwhile, Naira Marley who also attended the party has been arrested and will be arraigned in court today. Source A former Lagos Governorship aspirant, Babatunde Gbadamosi has said it was wrong for him to have attended a house party that actress, Funke Akindele organized for her husband, JJC Skillz 43rd birthday at their residence in Amen Estate in Lagos on Saturday, April 4. He asked for forgiviness. Recall that… April 6, 2020 In "News" By reporters Ikeja - An Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday Sentenced Nollywood star, Funke Akindele, and her husband, AbdulRasheed Bello, to 14 days community service each for violating social distancing regulation of Lagos State. The couple had admitted guilt before Chief Magistrate Yewande Aje-Afunwa during arraignment on Monday. Aje-Afunwa… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele, and her husband, Abdulrasheed Bello popularly known as JJC Skillz have been taken to court for flouting the lockdown order in Lagos State by the Lagos State Police Command. The Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, confirmed that the actress, popularly called ‘Jenifa’, had been taken… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"