By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja  –  The National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) says academic activities are ongoing at the institution, in spite of the stay-at-home directives by the Federal Government following the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. The instititution said in a statement by Mr Ambrose Gowong, Communications Officer, Africa Centre of Excellence on Technology Enhanced Learning (ACETEL) on Friday in Abuja. It said that NOUN was the only institution in the country without dislocation of academic calendar following the outbreak of the global health crisis, COVID-19 pandemic. The ACETEL is a centre at the NOUN, sponsored by the World Bank, with special interest on the development of human capacity and research in digital solutions that will lead to the utilisation of technology for education. It quoted the Director of ACETEL, Prof. Grace Jokthan, as saying that NOUN, as Nigeria’s flagship Open and Distance Learning Institution (ODL) allowed learning at a distance, as it focuses on open access to education. According to the statement, NOUN through ACETEL focuses on freeing learners from the constraints of time and place, especially online courses that concerns Artificial Intelligence, Cyber Security and Management Information Systems. ”The Africa Centre of Excellence on Technology Enhanced learning is a world class centre assisted by the World Bank at the Headquarters of NOUN). ”The online learning environment provides opportunities for students to connect with lecturers, using video conferencing technology wherever they are. “Also, discussion forums and chat activities are integrated in each course to facilitate effective interactions within the learning community. ”Tutor Marked Assessments (TMAs), registration and some administrative tasks are all being carried out online,” Jokthan said. She said that aside maintaining its steady academic programme, ACETEL organised and executed a five day online virtual training workshop for its course writers on how to use ‘Adobe Captivate’ to convert course materials into e-learning format. ”The workshop attracted over 15 learned heads from across the globe, including a World Bank expert, Dr Dimitrios Noukakis, who need not to bother about travel ban or the scare of COVID-19. ”Noukakis also need not bother about any logistics coming to Nigeria for the training as the training took place in the comfort of the various participants’ homes. ”The World Bank expert commended the Vice-Chancellor of NOUN, Prof. Abdalla Adamu, while urging other universities in Nigeria to tow the path of NOUN,” (NAN) By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja - The Nigeria Communication Commission (NCC) says  the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN) will benefit from its education grants for tertiary institutions in the country. Prof. Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman of NCC gave the assurance in Abuja on Thursday when a delegation from NOUN… April 18, 2019 In "News" By Gami Tadanyigbe Abuja - The National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), says a proposal for African Centre for Excellence on Technology Enhanced Learning (ACETEL) submitted to World Bank for funding of digital learning through NUC has scaled the first stage.The Vice Chancellor (VC) of the university, Prof. Abdallah Adamu,… March 19, 2019 In "News" Abuja - No fewer than 1,000 new intakes of the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), Abuja Study Centre participated in the 2015 matriculation of the institution on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ceremony was presided over by Prof. Abubakar Suleiman, the Director of the… August 29, 2015 In "News"