An American mother who just welcomed a baby few weeks ago, has called out Nollywood actress Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child. Recall that Halima Abubakar had shared a photo of a mother holding on to her child, as she disclosed that she welcomed baby on April 3, 2020. American mother drags Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child However an American mother @the_arielb, who is the original owner of the photo first shared on Instagram on March 13, 2020, called out the actress for stealing the photos which went viral. She also shared her private chat with Halima Abubakar. See screenshots below; American mother drags Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child American mother drags Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child American mother drags Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child American mother drags Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child She also shared her private chat with Halima Abubakar. See screenshots below; American mother drags Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child American mother drags Halima Abubakar for stealing her baby photo while announcing the birth of her child Source Nollywood actress, Halima Abubakar, has just welcomed a baby boy, and the excited mother took to social media to share the good news. Halima announced the news on Instagram with her colleagues congratulating her while some were happy she revealed it because it was hard to keep it a secret.… April 7, 2020 In "Entertainment" Toyin Abraham and husband, Kolawole Ajeyemi have welcomed a new baby to the family after a beautiful baby shower in Dubai.   Nigerian actress Toyin Abraham who is now officially married to fellow actor, Kolawole Ajeyemi has held her baby shower in Dubai. The baby shower was held in anticipation of the… August 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, Halima Abubakar, has called out a troll who slammed her for using a waist trainer. The 33-year-old movie star called out the troll via Instagram on Monday. In her words: “I HOPE YOU NOT FASTING! Only if I offend you dear,you do this every time and I just… May 28, 2019 In "Entertainment"