The Federal Government has disclosed it is currently in talks with the Rivers State Government to release Caverton Helicopters pilots. The pilots were arrested by the police for flouting the State’s Government directive of flying into the Air Force Base in Port Harcourt despite the lockdown order following the spread of COVID-19 in the country. Giving update on Monday at the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Aviation, Engineer Hassan Musa said there was a need to fast track their release considering threats by various unions in the aviation sector to embark on strike. He said: “Federal government is in consultation with the Rivers state government to have them released as soon as possible because their arrest is taking a different dimension as Air Traffic Union and other unions in the aviation sector are threatening to go on strike. “We hope that this misunderstanding will soon be resolved so that we can have them out as their operation was legal.” •Hadi Sirika The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika has faulted the arrest of two pilots of Caverton Helicopters by the Rivers State Government. Mr Sirika who was speaking during the Presidential Taskforce briefing on COVID-19 on Wednesday, explained that it was wrong for the state government to have carried out… April 8, 2020 In "News" Two Caverton pilots have been remanded in prison custody for flying in expatriates into Rivers state, after the state government ordered a border closure. The pilots are Samuel Ugorji and Samuel Buhari. Chief Magistrate D. D. Ihua-Maduenyi who ordered that a medical test be carried out on the pilots to… April 8, 2020 In "News" By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata Lagos, - The unions in the aviation sector on Monday suspended their plan to picket Caverton Helicopters Limited, following successful deliberations with the airline’s management. The unions, however, picketed the offices of in-flight service providers, Newrest Aviation Services Limited and Serv Air, at the… April 15, 2019 In "News"