Kabul  –   The Taliban militant group on Sunday accused the United States and its allies of violating an agreement signed over a month ago in Doha, Qatar.The U.S. military in Afghanistan rejected the Taliban’s claim.In a statement, Taliban listed the alleged violations to include 5,000 prisoners of the group not freed, attacks on Taliban bases, and continued raids and airstrikes against them by U.S. and Afghan forces.Taliban warns that such actions could harm the deal and increase violence by the militants.“We are seriously asking the Americans to abide by the contents of the agreement and to alert their allies to fully abide by the agreement,” the Taliban statement said.Currently, Taliban fighters are conducting almost daily deadly attacks against Afghan forces, though they were expected to reduce violence after signing the deal.Although there have been attacks in big cities since the agreement, none has been claimed by the Taliban.Taliban claimed that it had remained committed to the agreement, in spite of having the right to attack any outpost until the parties agree a ceasefire.The group says it has only conducted attacks in rural areas, a claim rejected by government officials.The U.S. military said it had upheld the military terms of the agreement and that Taliban’s assertions were “baseless’’.“USFOR-A has been clear, we will defend our ANDSF [Afghan National Defense and Security Forces] partners if attacked, in compliance with the agreement,’’ U.S. Forces Afghanistan spokesman Col. Sonny Leggett tweeted.The deal paves the way for the gradual withdrawal of international troops from Afghanistan. (dpa/NAN) Kabul  -     Afghan President Ashraf Ghani announced a ceasefire with Taliban insurgents on Thursday until June 20, coinciding with the end of the Islamic fasting season, but said fighting against other militant groups such as Islamic State will continue. He made the announcement in a televised address. “This ceasefire is… June 7, 2018 In "Foreign" Kabul -  At least 80 people were killed in a bombing in the Afghan capital during a demonstration, the Interior Ministry said on Saturday of the attack claimed by the Islamic State extremist group. An estimated 231 people were wounded after two suicide bombers targeted a peaceful demonstration in Kabul's… July 24, 2016 In "Foreign" KABUL (Reuters) - Two Taliban suicide bombers carried out separate attacks on Afghan army vehicles in Kabul on Wednesday, killing seven people and injuring 19, the government said, a day after Afghanistan signed security deals with NATO and the United States. The agreements will allow foreign troops to stay in… October 1, 2014 In "Foreign"