Manchester  –  Paul Pogba’s stint on the sidelines has made him more determined to succeed on his return from a layoff for a foot injury, the Manchester United midfielder has said. Pogba’s injury restricted him to eight appearances so far this season, but he was primed to return before professional football in England was suspended because of the COVID-19 outbreak. “I’ve been frustrated, a long time ago. Now I’m almost there, so I’m just thinking about getting back and training fully with the team and everything,” the 27-year-old said in an official club podcast. “You think bad, but I’ve never had something like this in my career, so I always take it in a good way. It makes me more hungry to come back and do well.” The France international suffered a foot injury in August that he aggravated by continuing to play. “I had a cast on it, a plaster-cast, so it went very well but too well. “The bone got bigger and so, when I came back again, I played those two games against Watford and Newcastle, I could feel something again.” He underwent surgery in January and now cannot wait to return to action. “So I had to have an operation and now here I am. I don’t feel anything, and, hopefully, I’ll be back very soon.” (Reuters/NAN) Manchester    -      Midfielder Paul Pogba’s poor Manchester United form is not due to an injury he suffered in 2017 and he alone can explain his struggles this season, manager Jose Mourinho has said. The Frenchman picked up a hamstring injury in a UEFA Champions League tie against… April 1, 2018 In "Sports" Manchester (UK) - Paul Pogba’s return to Manchester United’s first team has been delayed after the French midfielder fell ill, manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said on Tuesday. The 26-year-old Pogba has only played six times this season after suffering an ankle injury in September. Solskjaer is hopeful Pogba will be… December 17, 2019 In "Sports" London - Harry Kane is back in full training and could return for Tottenham Hotspur’s away clash at Burnley in the English Premier League (EPL) on Saturday, manager Mauricio Pochettino said on Thursday. The 25-year-old striker has been out since injuring his ankle in Tottenham’s 1-0 defeat by Manchester United… February 21, 2019 In "Sports"