By Precious Igbonwelundu The Inspector General of Police (IG) Mohammed Adamu has deployed detachments of special forces to quell unrest in Lagos and Ogun communities occasioned by robberies and cult related violence. The Special Forces comprising Police Mobile Force (PMF) Units, Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad (FSARS), Intelligence Response Team (IRT) and the Special Tactical Squad (STS) are to work with police operatives of both Lagos and Ogun State commands to restore sanity in the affected areas. According to Police spokesman Frank Mba, a Deputy Commissioner, the operation would be coordinated by the Deputy Inspector General (DIG) in charge of southwest Peter Ogunyanwo. Mba said the IG ordered immediate deployment of additional intelligence and operational assets to the affected areas to strengthen security and bolster public confidence. He also disclosed that the police have arrested 191 suspects and recovered 15 locally made guns, 52 live cartridges, 42 cutlasses and axes and large quantity of weeds suspected to be Marijuana from the hoodlums at Agbado, Ifo, Otta and Agege axis. He said: “The intervention team is being coordinated by DIG Peter Babatunde Ogunyonwo, a seasoned crime fighter, who doubles as the DIG in charge of the Department of Research and Planning of the Force and the coordinating DIG for South-West Geopolitical Zone. “He is to immediately oversee the deployments of these additional assets to enhance public safety, public confidence and general security in the two states. “Meanwhile, the IG has ordered Commissioners of Police across the country to immediately rejig the security architecture in their various commands to effectively tackle all emerging crimes associated with the COVID-19 lock-down. “They are also to intensify patrols around residential areas, markets, shopping malls and all critical national infrastructures in their jurisdictions. “The Assistant Inspectors General of Police in the 12 Zonal Commands have also been directed by the IG to bring their supervisory role to bear by ensuring that the commands under their zones are safe and secure for the citizenry to live and thrive. “A total of 191 suspects have been arrested in Lagos and Ogun States in connection with the incidents. The following exhibits: 15 locally-made guns, 52 live cartridges, 42 cutlasses and axes and large quantity of weeds suspected to be Marijuana have been recovered from the hoodlums by the Police Teams in the Agbado, Ifo, Otta and Agege axis. “DIG, Peter Ogunyanwo can be reached through this GSM No: 08033893226. The Control Room Numbers for Lagos Command are 08127155132, 08065154338 and 07055462708 while that of Ogun Command are 08081770416 and 08081770419. “The IG assures the citizens that the police will not sit idly-by and allow activities of a few criminals to disrupt the peace and security of the country. He commends Nigerians for their steadfastness, patience, perseverance and vigilance at this critical time.” The Nation reports that the robberies allegedly continued Monday afternoon unabated as the hoodlums smashed vehicles conveying good stuff and carted away yams, fruits and other items in Agege. The Nation By Joseph Edeh   Abuja   -   The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Ibrahim Idris, has deployed Special Intervention Force to Plateau to restore peace in Barkin-Ladi, Riyom, Jos South local government areas and other flash points in the state. Many people were killed by gunmen on June 24 in Barkin-Ladi,… June 25, 2018 In "News" By Joseph Edeh Abuja - The acting Inspector-General of Police (IG-P), Mr Mohammed Adamu, has warned officers deployed for Saturday`s Presidential and National Assembly elections to remain apolitical and nonpartisan. This is contained in a statement issued by the force Spokesman, Assistant Commissioner of Police Frank Mba, on Friday in… February 22, 2019 In "Metro" Residents of some communities in Ogun and Lagos have lost sleep over robberies in the neighbourhoods by a gang of roaming hoodlums seizing the coronavirus lockdown to unleash terror on the two states. There have been overwhelming complaints by residents of Owode, Ilepa, Ifo, Arigbajo, Itori, Dalemo, Ijoko, Ogba Ayo,… April 12, 2020 In "News"