By Harrison Arubu New York  –  United States presidential aspirant, Sen. Bernie Sanders, has suspended his campaign for the Democratic Party’s nomination for the November election. “Today I am suspending my campaign. But while the campaign ends, the struggle for justice continues ”, the 78-year-old Vermont lawmaker said in a tweet on Wednesday. Bernie Sanders@BernieSandersToday I am suspending my campaign. But while the campaign ends, the struggle for justice continues on. https://www.pscp.tv/w/cVyXkDMyNzU3OTl8MW1yeG1RWmxRVnd4ec1Yy_fXXM6Jj9st36A12ZDamfAe7Cmy6M_vzHvhEt8Q … Bernie Sanders @BernieSandersToday I am suspending my campaign. But while the campaign ends, the struggle for justice continues on. pscp.tv118K4:45 PM – Apr 8, 2020Twitter Ads info and privacy41.3K people are talking about thisWith this decision, the coast is now clear for former Vice President Joe Biden, to face incumbent President Donald Trump of the Republican Party in November. Reacting to the announcement, Biden described Sanders as a good leader, and “one of the most powerful voices for change in our country”. “I know Bernie well. He’s a good man, a great leader, and one of the most powerful voices for change in our country. “And it’s hard to sum up his contributions to our politics in one, single tweet. So I won’t try to,” the former Veepee on his tweeter handle. Joe Biden@JoeBidenI know Bernie well. He’s a good man, a great leader, and one of the most powerful voices for change in our country. And it’s hard to sum up his contributions to our politics in one, single tweet. So I won’t try to. https://joe.link/34maUXC Statement From Vice President BidenToday, Senator Sanders announced he was suspending his campaign. Bernie has put his heart and soul into not only running for President… medium.com31K5:13 PM – Apr 8, 2020Twitter Ads info and privacy9,189 people are talking about thisTrump also immediately tweeted his reaction to the development, thanking one of Sanders’ contenders for the Democratic Party’s ticket, Sen. Elizabeth Warren. “Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! “This ended just like the Democrats and the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. “The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE!” The president tweeted. Donald J. Trump@realDonaldTrumpBernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats & the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE! 122K4:49 PM – Apr 8, 2020Twitter Ads info and privacy50K people are talking about thisDetails later (NAN) Hillary Clinton's coronation as the Democratic presidential candidate was set to be overshadowed by walkouts and sit-ins amid fresh allegations of dirty tricks against her left-wing rival Bernie Sanders. On the eve of the party's convention in Philadelphia 20,000 emails were made public by Wikileaks showing supposedly neutral senior… July 25, 2016 In "News" Philadelphia - The Democratic Party's deep divisions were on full display on a raucous first day of its convention on Monday, with Bernie Sanders portraying Hillary Clinton as a fellow soldier in his fight for economic equality while his supporters booed the mere mention of her name. On a night… July 26, 2016 In "Top Stories" Washington  -   The U.S. President, Barack Obama on Thursday endorsed Hillary Clinton for president. Obama made this known in a video he posted to Clinton's website after she secured the Democratic Party's nomination within the week. "I'm with her, I am fired up and I cannot wait to get… June 9, 2016 In "Foreign"