By Kingsley Okoye  Abuja  –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has commiserated with victims of the fire incident that occurred on Thursday at the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camp in Ngala, Borno. Lawan, in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Mr Ola Awoniyi in Abuja on Friday, mourned the 14 people who lost their lives and sympathised with those injured in the inferno. The Senate President also commiserated with the government and people of Borno over the tragic incident. He called on relevant authorities to investigate the incident with a view to averting a re-occurrence. In another development, the Lawal has decried the alleged case of extra-judicial killings by security agents, in the process of enforcing the lockdown in parts of the country, as reported by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). He said he was saddened by the NHRC report that 18 people were killed by high-handed security officers tasked to enforce the stay at home directives. Lawan said that extra-judicial killings, in whatever guise, should be discouraged in the society. He called for a thorough investigation of the cases, adding that those indicted should be promptly brought to account. “Life is sacred; it is a tragedy that those asked to enforce compliance with emergency measures adopted for public safety are now being accused of responsibility for needless and totally avoidable deaths of citizens,’’ Lawan said. The Senate President said that any officer found culpable of unprofessional use of weapons should, as standard practice, be made to face prosecution. He urged citizens to continue to cooperate with the authorities as they strive to defend the country against the deadly COVID-19 pandemic. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar has reacted to the death of 14 people at Borno IDP camp on Thursday due to a fire outbreak. It was gathered that no fewer than 700 shelters were destroyed by fire in an Internally Displaced… April 17, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has comiserated with the family of a mother and her three daughters who died on Tuesday night in a fire incident at Red Bricks Quarters on Maiduguri road, Damaturu, Yobe. Lawan, in a statement by his Special Adviser (Media),… January 9, 2020 In "News" Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has called for the arrest of perpetrators of the attack on an Internally Displaced People (IDP) camp in Rann, Borno State. “My prayers are with the people of Rann, Borno State at this time. “Last night’s despicable attack that led to the deaths of several aid… March 2, 2018 In "News"