IBADAN – The Oyo State government, on Wednesday, affirmed that cattle markets were not affected by the order of the government closing the markets as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. A statement signed by the Commissioner for Agriculture, Hon. Ojemuyiwa Ojekunle, said that cattle market operators were allowed to run their businesses within the limit of COVID-19 restrictions. According to the Commissioner, the cattle market is involved in essential commodity, which are not covered by the closure of the markets, adding that the failure to open the cattle markets was already leading to meat scarcity in parts of the state. The Commissioner directed operators of cattle markets across the state to reopen the markets, warning, however, that they should ensure strict adherence to preventive guidelines released by the state’s COVID-19 Task Force.The statement added that cattle market operators were allowed to return to their businesses in order to prevent hike in the prices of meat and eventual scarcity of the essential food product. He, however, warned that cattle dealers association in the state must direct all its members to put in place COVID-19 prevention measures, including the provision of water and soaps at the entry points of all the cattle markets for washing of hands and observance of social distancing while transacting business. This was as the commissioner called on traditional rulers and security officials across the local government to put in place appropriate measures for monitoring the cattle markets so as to ensure that their activities were not in contravention of the COVID-19 prevention measures. By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun Government has ordered the indefinite suspension of designated weekly markets across the state as part of measures to curb the spread of Coronavirus. Dr Rafiu Isamotu, the State Commissioner for Health, disclosed this during a sensitisation visit to some markets in Osogbo on… March 24, 2020 In "News" By Philip Obaji Jr. When Boko Haram stormed the Cameroonian border town of Fotokol in January 2016, it looked like it was yet another episode of killings, petrol bombing, and abductions, but the jihadists had a different strategy in mind. Armed with machetes and machine guns, the militants shot at… January 9, 2017 In "Features" By Olukayode Babalola Lafia - Mr Dogo Shammah, Nasarawa Commissioner of Information, Culture and Tourism has decried the non-compliance of residents with government’s stay-at-home and markets closure directives aimed curtailing the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. Shammah expressed his displeasure over the development in an interview with News… April 1, 2020 In "News"