By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, has commenced the distribution of food stuff to the less privileged persons across the twenty wards of Wase federal constituency. In a statement issued on Thursday by his Chief Press Secretary, Umar Mohammed Puma, Wase said the move is part of measures to cushion the effects of the lockdown caused by the coronavirus pandemic. The distribution which has commenced in all the twenty wards witnessed the dispatching of the items to the various wards for onward distribution to households. In a brief message to the constituents, the Deputy Speaker said the food items are being distributed without any form of discrimination. Wase, who was represented by Hon Musa Abdullahi Nyalun, appealed to the people not to take the Coronavirus lightly, urging them to always obey government orders on measures aimed at containing the spread of the deadly virus. He said the palliatives has been designed to reach the people directly and not through proxies. He equally called on the people to continue supporting and praying for the Federal and Plateau State governments in their efforts to battle the spread of the pandemic which has ravaged several other nations globally.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - In a bid to cushion the effect of the lockdown directives of the government aimed to forestall the spread of coronavirus, the Senator representing Kogi Central Senatorial District has begun distribution of food items and toiletries to his constituents. The first phase of… March 29, 2020 In "Metro" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, has expressed sadness over the demise of the Senator representing Plateau South senatorial district, Ignatius Longjan, who passed away in the early hours of Monday in Abuja. According to the statement… February 11, 2020 In "News" Hon Ahmed Idris Wase has emerged the Deputy Speaker of the 9th Assembly of the Federal House of Representatives. Wase of the All Progressives Congress who represents Wase Federal Constituency of Plateau State in the Green Chamber was elected unopposed by his colleagues. Wase, who himself had earlier aspired to… June 11, 2019 In "Top Stories"