There was unrest in the Alimosho and Ifako-Ijaiye Local Government Areas of Lagos State on Saturday afternoon as hoodlums took to the heavily residential areas to rob citizens and loot shops in the local markets. This happened as the 14-day lockdown order of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to curb the spread of COVID-19 enters day 12 in Lagos and Ogun States. The two affected local governments in Lagos are the suburbs of the state with Ogun. The PUNCH gathered that some shops in the Jankara market in the Ifako Ijaiye Local Government Area were looted by the hoodlums. Our correspondent also gathered that residents of Meiran and Agbado witnessed the presence of the hoodlums, who carted away prized items. Confirming the incident, Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, told our correspondent over the phone that arrest is being made in respect to the crime. He said some of the locations where the incident happened fall under the jurisdiction of the Ogun State Police Command but the Lagos State Police Command has deployed its officers to the affected areas. He said, “Those social miscreants create a scene and pretend to fight each other but we have deployed our officers round to deal with them. “A lot of arrests have been made and I will give more updates as soon as I get further reports. “We are working with the Ogun State Police Command on that and operations is ongoing. “Some of the affected areas fall under Ogun and Lagos but we are working with the Ogun Division already because crime has no boundary.” Source: punch.ng Residents of some communities in the Federal Capital Territory, Ogun and Lagos states on Sunday violated the President, Muhammadu Buhari’s lockdown order. On Saturday and Sunday, PUNCH observed that although there was compliance with the order within the Abuja metropolis, residents of its suburbs who cited hunger,went out contrary to… April 6, 2020 In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Lagos State Traffic Management Authority (LASTMA) on Tuesday cautioned motorists against hiding under pretences of going to markets to defy the Stay-At-Home order. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Federal Government had on Wednesday relaxed total lockdown it imposed on the… April 7, 2020 In "Health" Since the lockdown came into effect last week, there have been increased incidents of street boys . Barely a week into the stay-at-home directive issued by the Federal Government in Lagos State, street urchins and hooligans have stepped up their nefarious activities in Oshodi and environs. Since the lockdown came… April 9, 2020 In "News"