Two Brazilian state governors who have criticized President Jair Bolsonaro’s calls to relax COVID-19 containment measures said Tuesday they had tested positive for the new coronavirus. Governors Wilson Witzel of Rio de Janeiro and Helder Barbalho of the northern state of Para both posted videos to Twitter announcing their diagnoses and urging people to stay home to fight the spread of the virus. Witzel, a leading proponent of closing non-essential businesses and ordering people to stay home, said he had started feeling unwell Friday, with a fever, sore throat and loss of smell, a key symptom of the virus. “Today, the test result came back positive… Now, thank God, I’m feeling better, and will continue working while following my doctors’ advice,” said Witzel, 52. “I ask you once again to stay home, because this disease, as everyone can see, spreads quickly and doesn’t spare anyone.” Barbalho, 40, who said he was asymptomatic, made a similar appeal. “This virus is extremely contagious, it doesn’t recognize age or class. Everyone is exposed. So please stay home,” he said. Social distancing policies have been attacked by Bolsonaro, who accuses them of needlessly wrecking Latin America’s biggest economy over a disease the far-right president has compared to a “little flu.” Witzel fired back last month that Bolsonaro’s defiance of guidelines from the United Nations and World Health Organization could be considered a “crime against humanity.” Brazil, the Latin American country hit hardest by the pandemic, has registered 1,532 deaths so far. •AFP The activities Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai engaged in days before he tested positive for COVID-19, have been revealed. Recall that El-Rufai had on Saturday via Twitter, revealed that he tested positive for the deadly coronavirus. He is in self isolation as required by the case management guidelines… March 30, 2020 In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The Minister of Sports and Youth Development, Mr Sunday Dare, a former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala and Sen. Abdulfatai Buhari (APC-Oyo North) have wished Gov. Seyi Makinde quick recovery as he tested positive to the coronavirus. The trio expressed their sympathy in separate… March 31, 2020 In "Sports" •Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State KADUNA - Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State has declared that he has tested positive to the coronavirus pandemic. He thus becomes the second governor after Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State to test positive to the virus. He said said he has gone… March 28, 2020 In "Top Stories"