A teenager who killed herself felt a three-month coronavirus lockdown was ‘like 300 years’, her family have said. Bethany Palmer from Sale, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom, died two weeks ago. Her funeral took place at Altrincham Crematorium on Thursday but only family could attend due to current restrictions. Instead, mourners stood outside their homes on Northenden Road, Marsland Road, and Washway Road, in Sale, as the funeral cortege passed. Beth’s dad Mike Palmer told ITV’s Granada Reports he had no doubt the lockdown had played a major part in her death. Mr Palmer said: “She couldn’t finish college, she couldn’t go out and see her friends. “She felt as though this three-month lockdown was to her 300 years. “This three-month lockdown I think became an extreme, almost obsessive obsession, that it was never going to end.” Mr Palmer and Bethany’s mother Helen said they wanted to prevent other families from suffering a similar tragedy and warned other young people may also be vulnerable at the moment due to the pandemic. Beth’s family have shared a fundraising page which has already received £10,000 in donations for a trust they are setting up in her memory. The money will fund mental health first aid for young people in colleges and schools. Their online tribute read: “Beth lived her life to the max and it was always full of fun, laughter, family, friends, mischief, dance, the occasional drink, music, a bit of fake tan and singing. “Beth’s life was all about love, fun and music and we want this to be her legacy. “Beth, we love you more than anything in the world.” Bethany was a talented singer and musician who often performed live at The Brooklands Tap pub and also attended dance classes at Cadmans Dance Centre. Sale High School, where Beth was once a pupil, said: “We are devastated to hear of the sad death of former SHS student Beth Palmer. “Beth was a truly wonderful and hugely talented student. “She was loved by all who knew her. “Rest in Peace Beth. Everyone at Sale High sends masses of love to you and your family.” The circumstances of Bethany’s death are expected to be examined at an inquest. Source: Yahoo News