By Ishaq Zaki  Gusau  –   In a bid to prevent spread of the COVID-19 pandemic to the state, the Zamfara Government has closed down Gurbinbore International Market in Zurmi Local Government Area. The State Commissioner of Information, Culture and Tourism, Alhaji Sulaiman Tunau, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Gusau on Friday. Tunau is also the Chairman, Publicity Sub-Committee of the State Government’s Taskforce on Control and Prevention of COVID-19, under the leadership of the Speaker of the state house of assembly, Alhaji Nasiru Magarya. “You know Gurbinbore International Market is a meeting point for traders from neighbouring states, especially Katsina and the Niger Republic. “This is part of the preventive measures being taken by the state government, considering that there has been an outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in Daura, Katsina and Niger Republic,’’ the Commissioner said. He added that though the state had not recorded any COVID-19 case, the measure indicated the state government’s commitments towards protection of lives of its people. According to him, the state government is making efforts to establish a 300-bed capacity isolation centre. “You know, Governor Bello Matawalle has already approved conversion of the Primary Health Centre, Damba to an isolation centre. “The work is in progress and it is up to 80 per cent complete,’’ Tunau said. He appealed to the people of the state to comply with the government’s directives regarding safety measures of improving hygiene and social distancing. (NAN) Eight passengers including the driver of a commercial bus arrested in Sokoto by Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal are to be prosecuted for violating the state border closure directive. The borders were shut to check spread of the coronavirus pandemic. Tambuwal directed the state police Wednesday to liaise with the Commissioner… April 10, 2020 In "News" By Olukayode Babalola Lafia - Mr Dogo Shammah, Nasarawa Commissioner of Information, Culture and Tourism has decried the non-compliance of residents with government’s stay-at-home and markets closure directives aimed curtailing the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. Shammah expressed his displeasure over the development in an interview with News… April 1, 2020 In "News" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - Leadership of the National Assembly on Wednesday met with some ministers and heads of agencies of Federal Government to brainstorm on impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerian economy. Ezrel Tabiowo, Special Assistant, Press to President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan in a statement, indicated that the… March 25, 2020 In "News"