By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal ILORIN – The University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UITH) on Monday announced the suspension of Prof. Alakija Salami as a Senior Consultant from the hospital. The management said in a statement signed by Mr David Odaibo, the Director of Administration of UITH, that the suspension was as a result of alleged unethical conduct in the admission, management and eventual release of the corpse of a suspected COVID-19 patient. Odaibo stated that the patient died in the hospital on April 3. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that UITH accused Salami of allegedly concealing the travel history of the deceased. It alleged that Salami, a specialist in infectious diseases, brought the patient and told the hospital that the patient only has history of abdominal discomfort and stooling, following ingestion of rotten pineapples. According to Odaibo, the patient was then admitted and managed as a case of ‘food poisoning’ and the patient later died in the early hours of the following day. (NAN) The management of the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital has accused a professor of medicine on its staff of conniving to conceal from his colleagues vital information on a suspected case of COVID-19 who died at the hospital last week. The federal facility said the suspected case had been on… April 5, 2020 In "News" ILORIN - The Kwara State Government has confirmed two cases of COVID-19 in the state. The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor and spokesman of the Technical Committee on COVID-19, Rafiu Ajakaye, announced this on Monday evening via a statement. He also confirmed the authenticity of the statement when contacted… April 6, 2020 In "News" By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal Ilorin - The Medical and Dental Consultants Association of Nigeria (MDCAN) has called for the establishment of a modern on testing laboratory for any outbreak of infectious diseases like Coronavirus in Kwara Dr Stella Filani, the National Auditor and Kwara Chairman of MDCAN, made the appeal during… February 28, 2020 In "Health"