By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Prof. Benjamin Ola Akande has been unveiled as the ninth President of the 142-year-old Chaplain College, Vermont, USA.In a statement on Tuesday, the Champlain College Board of Trustees while disclosing this, said that the Nigerian-born economist and educator, will assume the role effective July 1, 2020. “Prof. Akande is an agent of change and a visionary leader with a global perspective. His enterprising mindset and commitment to student success will be essential as he leads Champlain College in an evolving higher education landscape. We look forward to welcoming Prof. Akande to Champlain and supporting his work to advance the College’s strategic position and build on the strength of our distinctive academic offerings,” said Champlain College Board of Trustees Chair Charles Kittredge. He currently serves as the Assistant Vice Chancellor for International Affairs-Africa and the Associate Director of the Global Health Center at Washington University in St. Louis. Named one of the city’s “Most Influential Leaders” by the St. Louis Business Journal, Prof. Akande is an accomplished economist and scholar educator, as well as a recognized civic and business leader. He holds a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Oklahoma and served as a tenured Professor of Economics and Dean of the George Herbert Walker School of Business and Technology at Webster University in St. Louis from 2000–2015. As Dean, Prof. Akande was instrumental in securing the $10 million naming gift, the largest in the institution’s history.“Prof Akande is an agent of change and a visionary leader with a global perspective.“His enterprising mindset and commitment to student success will be essential as he leads Champlain College in an evolving higher education landscape.“We look forward to welcoming Prof Akande to Champlain and supporting his work to advance the college’s strategic position and build on the strength of our distinctive academic offerings,” said Champlain College Board of Trustees Chair, Charles Kittredge.In addition to his academic work, Prof Akande has served as a consultant to the World Bank and United Nations Development Program, as well as an advisor to global business entities.The college said it is promoting diversity by Akande’s appointment to change the statistics that shows that only eight per cent of college and university presidents have African or African-American roots.Founded in 1878, Champlain College is an innovative, regionally accredited not-for-profit college.In his reaction to his appointment, Prof Akande said: “I am humbled and honored by the opportunity to lead Champlain College during this period of great transformation and even greater opportunity. While the challenges we currently face as global citizens are daunting, they also sharpen our focus and urge us both individually and as a community, to lead from wherever we are,” said Prof. Akande. “The commitment to educating adaptable thinkers, daring change-makers and inclusive innovators who shape professions and inspire communities is what sets Champlain College apart. I look forward to taking this journey with you and thank you for the trust you have placed in me to further Champlain College’s mission together.”