By Polycarp Auta  Jos   –  The Police Command in Plateau state, has deployed 2,500 of its personnel to ensure total compliance with lockdown directive by the state government. ASP Ubah Ogaba, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state confirmed the figures to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Jos. NAN reports that Gov. Simon Lalong had declared a 7-day lockdown to enable government fumigate public arena as a measure of combating the spread of Coronavirus in the state. NAN also reports that the governor earlier carried out the fumigation exercise at the terminus market in Jos. According to Ogaba, the deployment aimed at ensuring strict compliance and not to molest members of the public. “As you know, the state government had ordered a total short down of the state to enable it fumigate public places. “As law enforcement agency, we have deployed 2,500 personnel across the state to ensure people comply with directives. “They are not to molest members of the public, but they will arrest anyone caught violating the order,” he said. NAN correspondent who monitored the situation in Jos and Bukuru metropolis reports that there was heavy presence of security personnel at various points. (NAN) By Yinusa Ishola Offa (Kwara) - Few hours to the commencement of Kwara Government’s 14-day total lockdown directive in Offa, residents are rushing to stock their homes with foodstuff and other household goods. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) who monitored the situation on Wednesday reports that… April 8, 2020 In "Metro" By Deborah Coker Benin - The Edo Commissioner of Police, CP Lawan Jimeta on Thursday, said that the command would be firm, but fair in enforcing a total lockdown should the State Government order such directives. Jimeta gave the assurance on Thursday in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria… April 9, 2020 In "News" By Olayinka Owolewa Ilorin - The Kwara Fish Farmers Association (KWAFFA) has called on the State Government to exclude their members from the total lockdown order imposed on the state to continue to provide protein food to residents. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq directed… April 10, 2020 In "News"