By Abbas Bamalli  Kano  –  The United Nations Children Funds (UNICEF) has procured and distributed 257,500 Social and Behavior Change Communication (SBCC) materials to Jigawa, Kano and Jigawa States for creation of awareness on the COVID-19. Mr Maulid Warfa, the UNICEF Chief in Kano Field Office, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Kano. as the fund’s efforts to fight the pandemic in the country. He said that 225, 000 SBCC materials were distributed in Kano state, 32, 000 in Katsina state and 2,500 in Jigawa as part of the fund’s efforts in fight the pandemic in the country. Warfa said that the materials would help in explaining to the public more about the pandemic, including the necessary measures to be taken to prevent its spread. He said, “We trained facilitators in states and local government areas on how to create awareness on COVID-19 response. We also distributed mega phones (four per ward), in Kano. “UNICEF is a member of the Kano State Task Force on COVID-19 and the Risk Communication Sub-committee, supporting and advising the state in the prevention and response to the dreaded disease. “We are sponsoring a radio and television educational learning for children at home to last for initial three months,” he said. Warfa said the sponsorship was being done in collaboration with the Kano State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), the state Ministry of Education, Radio Kano and ARTV. He said the nutrition section of the field office had engaged in discussion with the states to consider an alternative delivery of Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) treatment in anticipation of lockdown either within and/or statewide. “Part of the strategy includes leveraging on community workers as a platform diagnosis and management of complicated SAM cases,” he added. He said that UNICEF had facilitated a review of the socio-economic impact of COVID-19 in Kano state, with key emphasis on the present and potential economic and human development effect of the pandemic. The chief said that the paper highlighted and suggested critical recommendations that the state could consider, based on best practices. (NAN) By Tukur Muntari Katsina - Mr Maulid Warfa, the UNICEF Chief of Field Office, Kano, has called on Kano and Katsina state governments to allocate more resources to the four key sectors for children and women for the attainment of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The four keys thematic areas are:… November 28, 2019 In "News" By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) says no fewer than 946,000 children are out of formal school education system in Katsina State. The UNICEF Chief of Field Office Kano, Mr Maulid Warfa made the disclosure on Wednesday in Katsina, during the 2019 end of year… November 27, 2019 In "News" •Sadiya Umar Farouq, Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management ABUJA - Payments to the poorest and most vulnerable households through the Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) Programme   continued in parts of the country over the weekend, while similar payments will commence in more states across the country on Monday, the… April 5, 2020 In "News"