By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The government and people of Anambra state have commiserated with President Buhari, the Federal Government and the Abba Kyari family over the death of Malam Abba  Kyari. The state government recalled how the late Chief of Staff, as a friend of the state, exhibited enormous interest in Federal Government projects in the state. This was contained in a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba made available to Sundiata Post on Sunday. The statement reads in full: The people of Anambra State join other Nigerians to mourn the departure of Malam Abba Kyari, the dedicated and intelligent Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari from August 27, 2015, until last Friday, April 17, 2020, when he died in a Lagos hospital of complications arising from COVID-19. The departure was unexpected. When it was announced three weeks ago, shortly after he attended the National Economic Council meeting in Abuja, that he was afflicted by the coronavirus, he looked strong enough to survive the illness. One important lesson from this tragic development is that the coronavirus is real and deadly. Therefore, all Nigerians must continue to fight the pandemic together. Malam Abba was a Nigerian nationalist and patriot. He exhibited enormous interest in Federal Government projects in Anambra State. He always inquired from Governor Willie Obiano the progress of work on such major projects as the Zik Mausoleum, the 2nd Niger Bridge and the reconstruction of failed roads in our state. He also displayed interest in the repayment of over N30billion used by the state government to rebuild failed federal roads in the state over the years. The people and government of Anambra State are profoundly saddened by the untimely passage of this pan Nigerian. We commiserate with President Buhari, the Federal Government and the Abba Kyari family over the loss. We pray that the Almighty grant Malam Abba Kyari a place in paradise. C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment.