By Rotimi Ijikanmi Abuja –  As Nigeria mourns Mallam Abba Kyari, the late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, analysts have continued to recall his last statement before he bowed out of public glare.“Coronavirus is a disease that recognises no difference between north and south, men or women, rich or poor,” he hadcstated after testing positive to the pandemic on March 24.The disease claimed his life on Friday, April 17.In the statement he personally signed and made available to the media on March 29, Kyari urged Nigerians to be meticulous with their hygiene, avoid quacks and ignore fake news to remain safe. He assured Nigerians that the President Buhari would “do whatever it takes to protect the health and safety of our people and get the country back on its feet as soon as possible.”Kyari expressed the hope that he would be back at his desk “very soon”, but did not recover from the attack by the deadly virus. The full statement reads:I am writing to let you know that I am on medical advice; I will transfer to Lagos later today for additional tests and observation. This is a precautionary measure; I feel well, but last week, I tested positive for coronavirus, the pandemic that is sweeping the world. I have followed all the protocols government has announced to self-isolate and quarantine. I have made my own care arrangements to avoid further burdening the public health system, which faces so many pressures. Like many others that will also test positive, I have not experienced high fever or other symptoms associated with this new virus and have been working from home. I hope to be back at my desk very soon. I have a team of young, professional, knowledgeable and patriotic colleagues, whose dedication has been beyond the call of duty; who continue to work seven days a week, with no time of the day spared. We will continue to serve the President and people of Nigeria, as we have done for the past five years. I want to thank all our fantastic, talented and brave healthcare professionals, working across the country in such a difficult time. I also want to thank all the good Samaritans looking out for the most vulnerable in our communities, the key workers that will keep our country going through this, friends and family, and, often strangers, who have sent me such warm wishes and displayed such a generosity of spirit. We should be calm, measured and diligent – be meticulous in your hygiene, especially with cleaning hands, if possible stay at home or keep your distance. Listen to good advice from the proper authorities. Pay no heed to quack cures or fake news from social media. President Buhari will do whatever it takes to protect the health and safety of our people and get the country back on its feet as soon as possible. Like the whole world, we are dealing with a new disease. Our experts are learning more all the time about coronavirus, what it does and how we can combat it. What we do know is that while some may become very sick, many others who contract the virus will not, and may have no symptoms at all. This is a disease that recognises no difference between north and south, men or women, rich or poor. We are all in this together. (NAN) •The late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari The Presidency has announced that there will be no condolence visits to the family of the late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mr Abba Kyari. The Senior Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to the President, Garba Shehu, said this in… April 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abba Kyari, has arrived Lagos in an Air ambulance, according to a report by Daily Trust. Kyari arrived Lagos to continue his treatment after testing positive for coronavirus last night. The President’s Chief of Staff in a letter said the decision relocate… March 30, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA - Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari has tested positive to coronavirus, ThisDay reports. It also said President Muhammadu Buhari has tested negative for the COVID-19 virus (Coronavirus), following a test for the disease that was carried out yesterday on the president by the Nigeria… March 24, 2020 In "News"