The Nigerian Army has announced that troops of Operation Lafiya Dole killed 105 Boko Haram members in a recent offensive that was carried out against the insurgents. In a statement released by the Nigerian Army spokesman Col. Sagir Musa on Sunday April 19, it was gathered that the terrorists were killed in north eastern Yobe state on the outskirts of Buni Gari village after Brigadier General Lawrence Araba “followed a credible lead”. Two soldiers were injured in the operations and a large amount of ammunition was seized. Chief of Army Staff, Yusuf Buratai reportedly felt elated after being briefed by the commander during his visit to the Field Abulance Logistic Base 3 and Special Forces’ School on Sunday. The statement reads; “The Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Yusufu Buratai, applauded the troops for their gallantry and resilience that led to the killing of the 105 terrorists at Buni Gari in Gujba Local Government Area of Yobe state on Saturday the 18th of April 2020. “Gen Buratai visited two officers that were wounded in action during the Buni Gari encounter and other soldiers already on admission at the medical facility in Damaturu before proceeding to the Special Forces’ School in Buni Yadi where he and his entourage were briefed on the incident by the Commander, Sector 2 OPLD, Brig Gen Lawrence Araba. “Araba informed Buratai that the recent success was as a result of intelligence report which revealed a plan by Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists to attack the village. “Based on intelligence received about the plan by the terrorists to attack Buni Gari, our troops swiftly intercepted and engaged the criminals in fierce battle that led to the killing of 105 Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists as well as the capture of several arms and ammunition from the criminals. “Initial situation reports that 10 terrorists were neutralised. However, following exploitation by our troops, a total of 105 Boko Haram/ISWAP criminals are confirmed to have met their waterloo as a result of the encounter and some of the pictures are here for you to see sir.” Ammunitions recovered from the terrorists include “five (5) AK-47 rifles, three (3) GPMG, one (1) Duska anti aircraft gun, one (1) PKT Gun, two (2) handheld radios, two hand grenades, two magazines with ammunition and hard drugs were reportedly captured.” One (1) gun truck was destroyed in the offensive. Source By Johnson Eyiangho Abuja, - Five Boko Haram members, an officer and three soldiers died on Saturday, at Buni Yadi in Gujba Local Government Area of Yobe, during encounter between troops and the terrorists. Col. Sagir Musa, the army spokesman, who confirmed the attack in a statement on Sunday, said… February 17, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian military has sustained the clearance operations of remnants of Boko Haram terrorists’ reported locations and hideouts in the North East, with the recovery of Armoured Personnel Carrier (APC) in Yobe State. The Director of Army Public Relations (DAPR), Col. Sani Usman, in a statement… March 16, 2016 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian military in collaboration with their Camerounian counterparts, has routed Boko Haram terrorists in a joint operation in some of boundary towns, killing 23 of them in the process. The Director of Army Public Relations (DAPR), Col. Sani Usman, who disclosed this in a statement… February 23, 2016 In "Top Stories"