By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Commissioner of Police Anambra State Command CP John B. Abang has urged officers and men of the Police Force to enforce the lockdown caused by COVID-19 with civility and exhibit international best practice in conduct while carrying out their duties within this stipulated period. The CP disclosed this on Thursday in a statement signed by Police Public Relations Officer, Anambra State Police Command, SP Haruna Mohammed sent to Sundiata Post. The statement reads: Today Thursday the Commissioner of Police Anambra State Command CP John B. Abang,fdc at a strategic meeting, has charged all Area Commanders, Divisional Police officers and  other tactical Commanders in the Command to constantly lecture their men on the need to be civil to members of the public and also ensure strict adherence to international best practises when enforcing the lock down order in the State. The CP also issued strong directives to all Officers and men serving in the Command to exercise restraint and avoid use of extreme measures while performing their duties. The CP who equally described recent incidents in Umunze and Nkpor as unfortunate assured that investigation into both incidents have commenced and urged all persons to remain calm as justice will surely be done. He further sought the understanding and support of the public for the Police and other Law enforcement agencies in the State especially at this trying time. The CP while urging Ndi Anambra to obey the sit at home order issued by the State Government as part of efforts to curb the spread of the Corona virus, also directed Officers involved in enforcing the movement restriction order to always recognise after identification and grant access to medical personnel, journalists, social workers, ALL other essential service providers, food items as well as other goods and services. The Commissioner of Police reassures the Government and good people of Anambra State that the Command under his watch will remain steadfast and committed in the duty of ensuring public safety and security. SP Haruna Mohammed PPRO Anambra State Police Command, For-Commissioner of Police Anambra State Command. •Mohammed Adamu, Inspector-General of Police ONITSHA, Anambra State (Press Release) -The International Society for Civil Liberties & Rule of Law (INTERSOCIETY), yesterday, 16th Dec 2019 sent two detailed letters to Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Gidahyelda Mustapha and Chairman of the Police Service Commission, Retired IGP… December 17, 2019 In "Top Stories" AWKA - The Anambra State Commissioner of Police, Mr. John Abang has ordered full investigation into the allegation of Police misconduct in Nkwo Roundabout, Umunze. A video had gone viral on Tuesday showing that a police officer had shot and deflated the tyres of a Mazda car driven by someone… April 16, 2020 In "News" By Pamela Eboh AWKA -  Mr. Ifeanyi Ejiofor, lawyer of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has been declared wanted by the Anambra State Police Command. Making the announcement in Awka on Tuesday, the Police Commissioner in the state, CP John Abang, said that… December 3, 2019 In "News"