Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  A former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Timi Frank, has alleged of ongoing looting that is capable of sinking Nigeria. Comrade Frank made the revelations via his verified Twitter handle on Saturday, as he described the cabal running the government as a profit making bunch whose only interest is to loot the treasury dry. According to the Bayelsa-born political activist, “no government in the World has looted their country like the Buhari’s government”. “To them, this is a profit making period and the level of corruption is stinking all over this government,” he said. “By the time he leaves too, we would be shocked at what @MBuhari and his looting cabal have done to Nigeria,” Frank stated. The political activist, who has remained consistent in exposing the ills of this administration, stressed that the @MBuhari adminstration has introduced a new face to corruption and corruptive tendencies that will ruin the economy of Nigeria as no day passes without report of one humongous sleaze being exposed. Frank, in his tweet, said God used the COVID-19 pandemic to expose the kind of Government that is running the affairs of the country. “It shows the @MBuhari has no concern for the citizenry of Nigeria. “At this period that Nigerians need you more, that is when you are displaying your incompetence,” Frank stated. “Buhari should never again mention that he is fighting corruption. He is highly corrupt. “Now, when you talk about individuals who are fighting against corruption in Africa, then you will mention @PaulKigame of Rwanda and @Magufuli JP of Tanzania. “Muhammadu Buhari has only been championing a corrupt course. This is the most corrupt government in the history of Nigeria. They are just shameless,” he claimed (Daily Post). •Yemi Osinbajo ABUJA - A political activist and former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Timi Frank, has called on the Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to beg God and seek forgiveness of Nigerians over the role he played in sharing the N10,000 Tradermoni used to deceive… September 19, 2019 In "Top Stories" A political activist and former Deputy National Publicuty Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Timi Frank, has commended a report released by a U.S.-based firm, Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensic Research Lab, for exposing an Isreali-based political consulting and lobbying firm named Archimedes, who has been coordinating false reports… May 18, 2019 In "Top Stories" …Says PACAC Chair Rooting for Anarchy By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Timi Frank on Friday blasted the Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC) Prof Itse Sagay (SAN) over his outburst about the verdict… May 31, 2019 In "Top Stories"