Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele has explained why her husband celebrated his birthday which led to social gathering amidst coronavirus pandemic. The star actress and her producer husband JJC Skillz early Sunday morning came under heavy bashing from Nigerians on social media. The backlash that trailed the celebrity couple was due to the house party they recently held in celebration of JJC Skillz’s 43rd birthday. In a video clip that went viral on social media, the couple were seen dancing to singer Naira Marley’s “Tesu Mole” song. The house party was held at their home in Amen Estate, located in Ibeju-Lekki axis of The Lekki Peninsula, Lagos. Following the video’s release, angry Nigerians called for the arrest of the actress and her husband for their breaking the rules of “social distancing” to prevent the spread of the virus. However, in another video on Sunday afternoon, Funke explained that the people seen in the video were workers in her studio who live outside Lagos but were caught up with the lockdown when it was announced by the federal government unexpectedly. Funke wrote on Instagram “Dear Friends, I really have to do this!! I hear you all and I acknowledge all your honest feedback. I also thank you for your concerns, well wishes and calls. I am sorry and hope this video offers some explanation. Please stay safe. And God bless. @lagosstategovt” See video below: I hear you all  and I acknowledge all your honest feedback. I also thank you for your concerns, well wishes and calls.  I am sorry and hope this video offers some explanation. Please stay safe. And God bless. @lagosstategovt A post shared by  Funke Akindele Bello (@funkejenifaakindele) on Apr 5, 2020 at 6:33am PDT Source Nigerians have criticized Funke Akindele and her husband JJC Skillz for organising his 43rd birthday party with a group of people despite the Coronavirus pandemic. The birthday party took place on Saturday at their home in Amen Estate with singer Naira Marley in attendance. In a video that has gone… April 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" There are some Nollywood stars who have been married twice and even more over the years. These are some of those stars.  Even though there are plenty of famous couples who have made their love last, Nollywood stars are not so lucky and experience short relationships while other marriages don’t… August 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" Popular Nollywood comic actress, Funke Akindele also known as ‘Jenifa’ is reportedly expecting twins with her husband Abdulrasheed Bello also known as JJC Skillz. The actress com producer’s husband reportedly dropped the hint on his instagram handle but has since deleted the post. JJC wrote: “To God be the glory,… June 26, 2017 In "Entertainment"