An experimental HIV drug that has been used to successfully treat COVID-19 patients is in its second phase of testing with the Food and Drug Administration and could potentially be approved for use in four weeks, its manufacturer says. Leronlimab, made by the biotech company CytoDyn, was used to treat a handful of severely ill patients in New York City hospitals; a couple were able to be removed from their ventilators. “I think the FDA will be willing to work with us,” CytoDyn CEO Nader Pourhassan told The Post. “I am hoping it will be expedited … I don’t see how the FDA couldn’t approve it.” Pourhassan added: “With a study in China indicating the mortality rate among COVID-19 patients requiring mechanical ventilators at more than 85 percent, the world desperately needs a therapy that can help this patient population”. Initial studies suggest leronlimab can reduce the overactive immune response, known as a cytokine storm, that can be triggered by the coronavirus infection. Cytokine storms can result in pneumonia and even death. “[I] cried for about five minutes. It was very, very emotional,” Pourhassan told Seattle’s KIRO 7 News after first learning of the results. “We’re hoping we can save millions of lives.” Source Over 300 researchers from the Observational Health Data Sciences and Informatics (OHDSI) international community have declared hydroxychloroquine safe, but caution that its effectiveness is still unknown. In the face of the rapid spread and escalation of the coronavirus, many decisions are being made quickly and a number of therapies are… April 6, 2020 In "News" Researchers have found shocking similarities between the Wuhan coronavirus and HIV and Ebola. These mutations suggest the virus is manmade. Remember all those "crazy" stories about COVID-19 leaking from a Chinese lab? Well, they might actually be true. | Image: Handout / National Institutes of Health / AFP The novel… March 4, 2020 In "Health" The National Agency for Science and Engineering Infrastructure has produced the first made in Nigeria ventilators, according to Punch. The development is aimed at combating the COVID-19 disease in the country. Ventilator is a vital equipment in the treatment of coronavirus patients. NASENI has equally produced mobile sprayers, which are… April 7, 2020 In "News"