The Federal Government has summoned the Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr Zhou Pingjian over reports of maltreatment in China, PM News reports. Nigerians in China who had travelled there for business purposes a few days before the federal government announced a lockdown are accusing Chinese authorities of maltreatment, just as they said the Nigerian government did not care about their plight. A Nigerian returnee in the wake of the outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19) who preferred anonymity had said that some of his friends in China were going through a lot of stigmatisation from the Chinese. However, Foreign Affairs Minister of Nigeria, Geoffrey Onyeama met with Pingjian on Thursday to discuss the issue of maltreatment of Nigerians in China. Onyeama, on his twitter handle said expressed the concern of the Nigerian government over the allegations of maltreatment. He called for immediate intervention of the Chinese Government on the issue.“Invited the Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr Zhou Pingjian to communicate Nigeria’s extreme concern at allegations of maltreatment of Nigerians in Guangzhou, China and called for immediate Chinese Govt. intervention,” he tweeted. source By Temitope Ponle Abuja - China has said it stands ready to enhance its security cooperation, expand inclusive development, improve connectivity and deepen people-to-people understanding with Nigeria through the Belt and Road initiative (BRI).Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr Zhou Pingjian, said this at the Abuja-Beijing Consensus Roundtable in Abuja on… May 16, 2019 In "News" By Fortune Abang Abuja - The Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria, Amb. Zhou Pingjian, says China will continue to work closely with international community to contain outbreak of coronavirus. Pingjian gave the assurance on Thursday at a dialogue on Nigeria-China cooperation on the theme: “Imperative of joint efforts and collaboration’’ was… February 14, 2020 In "Health" The Consul-General of Nigeria in Guangzhou, China, Mr Anozie Madaubuchi Cyril has confronted some Chinese officials days after a video of Nigerians being sent out of their apartments in the Asian country went viral on social media. Mr Cyril accused the Chinese officials of targeting Nigerians in the wake of… April 10, 2020 In "News"