The beneficiaries of N-Power under the National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) of the federal government on Tuesday begged the Federal Government to pay their March 2020 stipends to assist them in cushioning the effects of the lockdown ordered to help in curtailing the spread of COVID-19 across the country. Some beneficiaries who spoke with INDEPENDENT in Lokoja, appealed to the Minister for Humanitarian, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Farouk, to pay the March stipends to enable them put food on their tables during the COVID-19 lockdown period. Miss Unekwu Baba, an N-Power Health beneficiary, stated that the non-payment of her March stipend, has brought untold hardship to her during this COVID-19 period. She solicited for the intervention of President Mohammadu Buhari for the payment, while commending the President for initiating the programme, saying it has been a source of helps to her. Another beneficiary of Npower-Agro, Abdullahi Umar, decried the recent development in the delay in payment of their monthly stipends especially under the new Humanitarian ministry, and urged the Minister to address the challenges headlong. ”Our stipend did not use to delay when the programme was under the Office of the Vice President; so, we are appealing to the Minister to address the issue once and for all,” Umar said. On her part, Mrs Felicia Oladele, a teacher at Army Day Children School, Lokoja, said, ”We are begging the Minister to pay our March stipend to enable us buy food at home. ”Asking us to stay at home without paying our March stipend is impacting negatively on us, especially celebrating the Easter on an empty stomach”. Also, Mrs Florence Ameh an N-teach beneficiary, said the non payment of March stipend has made it difficult to take care of her family needs amidst the Covid-19 pandemic. ”The prompt payment of March 2020 stipend of N30, 000 each to about 500, 000 beneficiaries, would have been one of the most effective stimulus packages for Covid-19. But uptil now, we have not been paid. The beneficiaries, therefore, appealed to the President Buhari to intervene and direct the Minister to always ensure prompt payment of their stipends as and when due. Speaking on the matter, the Unit Head of N-Power Programme in Kogi State, Mr Femi Bolaji, appealed to the beneficiaries to exercise patience, assuring them that their March stipend would soon be paid. ”When I reached out to Abuja Office to get update last week, I was informed that the March 2020 stipend would be paid soon. The ministry enjoined us to encourage the volunteers to exercise some patience,” he said. Source: Independent •Nigeria's Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management, Sadiya Umar Farouq, giving out cash grant in Kwali, FCT on Wednesday as part of COVID-19 palliatives Since the World Health Organization (WHO) declared COVID-19 as a ‘public health emergency of international concern’ in January 2020, and as a pandemic on March… April 3, 2020 In "Opinion" By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - N-Power beneficiaries under the Federal Government’s Social Investment Programme (SIP) on Thursday appealed to the federal government to ensure timely payment of their monthly stipends to enhance their performance and productivity. Some of the beneficiaries, in separate interviews told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… August 15, 2019 In "News" By Bukola Adewumi Abuja - Mr Afolabi Imoukhuede, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Job Creation and Youth Empowerment, has assured beneficiaries of the N-Power scheme that they would get their March stipend this week. Imoukhuede gave the assurance on Thursday in Abuja, in an interview with the… April 11, 2019 In "News"