By Moses Kolo KADUNA – Mixed reactions have trailed the statewide sharing of foodstuffs embarked upon by the Kaduna State Government, with many residents saying they were unhappy with the rationing. It will be recalled that the Kaduna State Government last week embarked on the distribution of food items throughout the state. The sharing of food is part of palliative measures taken by the government to relieve the suffering of the people following the imposition of a statewide lockdown aimed at ending the spread of the coronavirus. Checks conducted by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Kaduna revealed that most of the residents are not happy with the formula used in sharing the food items and the quantity doled out. Mrs Larai Gambo, a resident of Narayi settlement told NAN that the method used in sharing the food in the area was not only pathetic but embarrassing as well. She said that the method used lacked coordination. “You needed to see how both young and elderly women scrambled for items as small as a sachet of noddles. A lot of them sustained injuries in the process. “It was rather embarrassing and unfortunate as most people left the scene spewing invectives insults,” she added. Mrs Hassana Siraju, who resides in Barnawa area, said although there were no chaotic scenes as the items were being shared in the area, the items she received were paltry and “rather ridiculous”. “I got three sachets of Indomie noddles, a cup of vegetable oil, and less than half mudu (measure) of rice,” she said. Also, Mrs Zigwai Julius of Ungwan Romi, said that the women who went to collect the food items were asked to queue up based on the kind of food item they preferred. “I saw women who got two or three sachets of Indomie noddles. Some got one cup of vegetable oil each while others got a handful of rice. “But for the respect we have for our community leaders, we would have unanimously rejected the items because we believe that the government could have done better,” she said. Also speaking with NAN, Mallam Sadiku Shamsu of Anguwan Sanusi, said government deserved a pat on the back for being responsive to the plight of the masses especially especially at such a difficult moment. “I got a few measures of rice, noodles, and vegetable oil and these alone have put a smile on the faces of our families,” he said. Mr Bissallah Yunusa, a civil servant resident at Sabo told NAN that it was unfortunate that although the government meant well for the people, certain individuals saddled with the food sharing exercise were bent on frustrating the efforts. “We have seen that the exercise went hitch free in other parts of the State with people having what was directed and everyone went home happily,” he said. He, therefore, urged the state government to sharpen its monitoring mechanism to ensure equitable distribution of the items in future. (NAN) By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Kaduna State Government on Wednesday announced total ban on the use of motorcycles and tricycles, as part of measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19. In addition, the government has withdrawn all official vehicles and limited the number of passengers in buses to two per… March 25, 2020 In "News" By Shuaib Sadiq Kaduna -   Kaduna State Government says it has so far planted 3,702,470 trees over the last two years in various locations as part of measures to control desertification. The State Director Forestry, in the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry, Mr Anthony Kachiro disclosed this to the… March 21, 2018 In "Business" By Ephraims Sheyin Little Hassana Shehu has a regimented morning schedule: she wakes up, washes herself, picks up her books and pencil; and heads to school. The 10-year-old Class 5 pupil of LEA Primary School, Jere, in Kagarko Local Government of Kaduna State, says she wants to be a medical… March 22, 2016 In "News"