One of the six confirmed cases of COVID19 in Kaduna state has been discharged from the state Infectious Disease Centre. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Amina Mohammed Baloni who broke the news today Wednesday April 15th, said that the patient has recovered following treatment at the isolation centre. According to her, the patient’s recovery‘’ has been confirmed by two consecutive negative results, the second of which came yesterday, Tuesday, 14 April 2020.’’ The Commissioner further said that the ‘’ state government is looking forward to the recovery and discharge of the other five Covid-19 patients in the state.’’ The Commissioner acknowledged the dedicated contributions of our various teams that are contributing to our collective Covid-19 efforts. We also wish to pay tribute to the medical professionals at the Infectious Disease Centre for the successful management of this patient. ‘’The Ministry of Health wishes to remind residents of Kaduna State that it is safer and cheaper to observe preventive measures than to treat Covid-19. Citizens must wash their hands regularly with soap and water and scrupulously observe social distancing. ‘’ They are also advised to avoid large gatherings and stay at home, except it is absolutely necessary to go out. Wherever they are, they should also practise respiratory hygiene,’’ she advised The state governor, Nasir El-Rufai is one of the five patients infected with the viral disease in the state. Source Babajide Sanwo-Olu, governor of Lagos, has announced that two coronavirus patients have been discharged. Sanwo-Olu broke the news via his Twitter handle on Monday. “I have more great news for you from our Infectious Disease Hospital, Yaba. Today, two more female patients have recovered fully and have tested negative to… April 6, 2020 In "News" According to Babajide Sanwo-Olu, governor of the state who broke the news, the patient, a female, was discharged on Tuesday. Sanwo-Olu said the state is resolute in its resolve to fight the coronavirus and asked residents to stay at home for their safety. “Dear Lagosians, I announce with immense joy,… April 7, 2020 In "News" The Lagos State Government has announced that a 36-year-old man died of coronavirus in the state. The Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the announcement via his Twitter handle on Sunday. He said that the Nigerian died on Saturday in a private facility. Abayomi confirmed the death as… April 5, 2020 In "News"