By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Former Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, has condemned the reported extrajudicial killings in several parts of the country by security agencies enforcing the lockdown ordered by the Federal Government and some states of the federation to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. He made the condemnation on Thursday in a statement signed by his Media Aide, Uche Anichukwu made available to Sundiata Post. Ekweremadu, who is also a member of the seven-man International Parliamentary Taskforce on COVID-19, made his feelings known in a statement in Abuja on Thursday and called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the security agencies to stem the needless killings immediately. He said: “I am deeply saddened by report from the National Human Rights Commission of the loss of 18 Nigerian lives in the hands of security agents enforcing the lockdown ordered by the Federal Government and various state governments. “This is most unfortunate and condemnable, especially when we consider that the number of Coronavirus fatalities in the country, stand at 12, as at today. “I call on President Muhammadu Buhari and the relevant security and government agencies to ensure that the reprehensible acts are thoroughly investigated and the culprits brought to book. We must ensure that law enforcement agents do not turn their weapons against the very citizens they are supposed to protect. “While the lockdowns and other precautionary measures are very necessary for containing the pandemic, they must be enforced with every sense of professionalism, discipline, restraint, empathy, and above all, with utmost respect for human life, which the lockdowns were put in place to protect in the first place”. The lawmaker condoled with families that lost their loved ones and prayed God to grant the deceased eternal repose.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) on Monday demanded a special fund from the Federal Government to combat the spread of COVID-19 in the region. Simon Lalong, chairman of the forum and governor of Plateau State made the plea in a statement issued by… April 14, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has appealed for calm over the protests in Sapele, Delta State against the state government's two-week extension of the lockdown. Omo-Agege also condemned, in strong terms, the alleged shooting of one of the protesters… April 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA - A civil society coalition, the Action Group on Free Civic Space has expressed concern over human rights abuses perpetrated by law enforcement agents in a bid to enforce the coronavirus lockdown. In a statement sent to Sundiata Post on Saturday, the coalition condemned the killing of Joseph Pessu… April 5, 2020 In "News"