A reputable crowd-funding platform, Giving.ng, has announced a fundraising campaign to support health workers who are on the front-line of the coronavirus pandemic. Companies and individuals have offered support in various forms as a means of showing their support towards the fight against coronavirus such as cash donation, material support as well as the provision of infrastructure but none is speaking to the need of the health workers. This initiative seeks to do just that. Tagged ‘Health Workers Fund’, this initiative is sourcing from the public a sum of one billion naira. The fund will be disbursed to frontline medical workers as Hazard Allowance. The health workers have needs and earn only N5, 000 a month as hazard allowance. “We are delighted to call for support for our amazing health workers, who toil day and night to keep this pandemic out of Nigeria. We believe members of the public and corporate organizations should donate to this worthy cause because it is for the safety of all. This initiative aims to increase the paltry sum our health workers receive as Hazard Allowance,” said Peju Ibekwe, Sterling One Foundation’s Head, in a statement. She adds, “We understand the importance of doing our part in supporting our local health workers, to give them the necessary motivation to combat this infectious disease which can endanger everyone.” According to Chief Operating Officer, Sterling Bank PLC, Raheem Owodeyi, Sterling Bank believes that “Being a responsible company means not just serving and benefiting from an interconnected world but taking steps to care for the well-being of everyone, especially in times like this. We encourage everyone across the country – our employees, agents, customers, SMEs, partners, and corporate Nigeria – to step up and show their support.” Sterling Bank PLC has donated a sum of N25m to the fund. The Federal Government has provided N102.5 billion in resources for direct interventions in the country’s healthcare sector, Mrs Zainab Ahmed, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, has said. Ahmed made this known at a news conference on fiscal stimulus measures in response to COVID-19 pandemic and oil prices fiscal… April 6, 2020 In "News" This article is a bit satirical in its later part while trying to convey a strong moral lesson on civility in the way members of some occupational groups feel too superior in relating with some other occupational groups. We are all aware of the incessant inter-union squabbles in our hospitals… April 6, 2020 In "Opinion" The Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, has rejected plans by the Federal Government to invite and 18-member Chinese medical team to help Nigeria in her fight against the deadly coronavirus. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Friday that gifts of medical supplies were being expected from China, organised… April 6, 2020 In "Health"