Members of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic, including those who attended the burial of the late Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, attended the Monday daily briefing of the task force. The attendance of the burial ceremonies had raised concerns and questions among Nigerians since Saturday even as all those who attended the ceremonies were advised to immediately commence 14 days self-isolation. Among those who attended the burial ceremonies, but who still took part in the Monday daily briefing were the SGF, who is also the Chairman of the PTF, Mr Boss Mustapha; Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika; the Minister of Foreign Affairs; Mr Geoffrey Onyeama; and the National Coordinator of the PTF, Dr Aliyu Sani. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Dadiya Umar Farouq, was also present at the prayers held for the late Chief of Staff at his Defence Guest House residence, but was absent at the Monday’s briefing. The Nation The Presidency on Sunday explained that the decision by security officials to bar attendees of the burial ceremony of the late Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari, from entering the State House was standard protocol. This explanation was given following reports that senior State House officials were denied access into… April 19, 2020 In "Politics" The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has said that corpse of Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari was prepared for burial in line with the guidelines provided by the NCDC. The Chairman, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, who is also the Secretary-General of the Federation, Mr. Boss Mustapha, made this… April 20, 2020 In "News" Some top aides of President Muhammadu Buhari have been denied access into the Presidential Villa in Abuja after returning from the burial of late Chief of Staff to Buhari, Abba Kyari, on Saturday. The burial at Gudu Cemetery was attended by a large crowd – most of whom had no… April 19, 2020 In "Politics"