NFF President, Amaju Pinnick, has revealed that the Nigeria Football Federation will be doing their bit to support hungry Nigerians during the home lockdown caused by the Coronavirus pandemic. The Coronavirus pandemic has paralysed the global economy, with Nigeria, Africa’s most populated nation not left behind. Nigeria now has over 300 confirmed cases of Coronavirus with ten deaths and Pinnick says the football body will be alleviating the hardship brought upon Nigerians by the shutdown of businesses and commercial activities by giving out tubers of yam. “Behind the scene, we do quite a lot. We are going to support some of these centres even if it is buying some tubers of yams. We have to do that. Covid-19 is something that nobody expected,” Pinnick said on Channels TV. Pinnick also added that his decision to include ‘payment of salary in Naira’, in Coach Gernot Rohr’s new contract was in line with the current economic realities in Nigeria. “Like I said, we are going to take many difficult decisions that will go across board because we need to promote our fiscal policy,” he added. “If the government is saying that we need to strengthen our naira, we should not be paying in dollars. We are an integral part of the government. “When they [Super Eagles] play in Nigeria, their bonuses have been in naira. When they play abroad, we pay them in dollars but that can even change.” Source Abuja- The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Wednesday unveiled Sunday Oliseh as the new Head Coach for the Super Eagles. The President of the federation, Amaju Pinnick, said that Oliseh would be the Technical Head of the senior national team for three years, with a provision for extension. Pinnick said… July 15, 2015 In "Sports" NFF Committed To Improving Refereeing, Pinnick Assures July 4, 2017 In "Sports" ABUJA - Amaju Pinnick, the Chairman of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has said that Nigeria would soon be ranked among the best football countries of the world. Pinnick said this might be achieved in the next four years of his tenure as NFF chairman. He told the News Agency… October 10, 2014 In "Sports"