Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has granted a presidential pardon to a former Governor of old Bendel state, late Prof. Ambrose Alli and foremost nationalist, late Chief Anthony Enahoro. The president also granted pardon to three other Nigerians, two of whom are ex-military officers. Interior minister, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola announced this yesterday in Abuja. “I am pleased to inform you that five ex-convicts recommended for presidential pardon (by Buhari) have been so pardoned. They are late Prof Ambrose Ali, Late Chief Anthony Enahoro, ex Lt. Col. Moses Effiong, Major E.J. Olanrewaju and Ajayi Olusola Babalola. Prof Ali was the governor of the old Bendel State in the Second Republic (1978-1983) and a great progressive while Chief Enahoro was a foremost nationalist who moved the motion for Nigeria’s independence. “I must thank and commend President Buhari for demonstrating great statesmanship by pardoning these people who were part of the great Nigerian history”, he said.    By Rita Iliya   Minna   -     Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger has granted unconditional pardon to four prison inmates on death row and two others convicted and kept in prison custody as part of Nigeria’s 58th Independence anniversary. He also commuted the death sentence of 20 inmates to various term… October 1, 2018 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The lawyer to the former National Security Adviser (NSA), Col. Sambo Dasuki (rtd), has debunked the claim by the Prosecuting Counsel to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) that he (Dasuki) deserted the Nigerian Army. The counsel to Dasuki, Mr. Ahmed Raji (SAN) , while… February 7, 2016 In "Top Stories" The Federal government has named the newly established Nigerian Army shooting range at the Sambisa forest after the late Lt.-Col. Abu Ali. President Muhammadu Buhari, the commander in chief of the Nigerian Armed forces said this at the opening of the 2017 Nigerian Army Small Arms Championship ( NASAC )… March 28, 2017 In "News"