Rihanna’s father, Ronald Fenty, feared he would die after testing positive for coronavirus and suffering extremely high fevers.He told The Sun exclusively his devoted daughter, whose real name is Robyn Fenty, sent a ventilator to his home, and checked on him every day. The Sun caught up with Ronald, 66, in his Barbados home, where he confirmed he tested positive for the deadly virus.Wearing a blue polo shirt and plaid shorts, he told The Sun: “My daughter Robyn was checking in on me every day.“I thought I was going to die to be honest. I have to say, I love you so much, Robyn.’“She did so much for me. I appreciate everything she has done.” He revealed his superstar daughter, 32, was able to get her hands on a ventilator “that he hadn’t used yet,” and shipped it to his home in the Caribbean.Ronald said she gave him “more than” he needed to make it through the illness that brought him to his knees.He recalled: “I got a fever up inside of my nose. I had a fever across my lips. It was just a lot of fever.“I feared the worst. I thought I was going to die, honestly.” After spending 14 days in the Paragon Isolation Center, he was declared virus-free.With dogs Xena and Ebony by his side, Ronald is now resting in the spacious St. James home his rich and famous businesswoman daughter bought for him.After fearing death, he pleaded to fans: “I want everybody to stay home. This is a serious situation.“More serious than people realize. Please stay home.”He even made a call for the local government to “shut down.” source Celebrated author, Chimamanda Adichie who is based in the United States with her family has revealed that she becomes worried each time her medical doctor husband leaves home for work at the hospital. In a post on her verified Instagram account on Sunday, the author of Half of a Yellow… April 6, 2020 In "News" Security operatives are on the trail of a man who impregnated his 13-year-old daughter in Abia.   A father has been barnished from his community after he r*ped and impregnated his 13-year-old daughter who was born out of incest with his cousin many years ago. The father, Ugochukwu Nwonwu, a native of… August 17, 2019 In "Metro" For the embattled Senator Elisha Abbo, there is no end in sight to his self-inflicted travail. The infamous video of his assault of a nursing mother at an Abuja adult toy shop is the Pandora’s box that brought him to bad light. Now, the floodgate is open and more damaging… July 8, 2019 In "News"