By Abubakar Ahmed GUSAU – Governor Bello Matawalle of Zamfara State has received 14 AK47 rifles and 10,000 live ammunition recovered from bandits by troops of  Operation Hadarin Daji (OPHD).Brig.-Gen. Aminu Bande, Commander of the OPHD handed the firearms to the governor at the Operation’s headquarters in Gusau.Bande, who is also the Commanding Officer, 8 Division Sokoto, informed Matawalle that the troops had made life very unbearable to the bandits both in the bushes and along their escape routes.“This is why many of the unrepentant bandits are lobbying to come and surrender themselves under the state government peace initiative in order to escape the troops’ superior fire power.“We will continue to engage these criminals until the whole state and its environs are completely secured,” Bande said.The commander also informed the governor that one General Purpose Machine Gun, three Fabrique Nationale rifles and one AK-47 rifle were surrendered to the troops by some repentant bandits.The commander attributed the successes to the cooperation given to the troops by the people of the state, especially in divulging credible information that led to breaking up the ranks of the criminals.Gov. Matawalle lauded efforts of the officers and men of the operation and announced a donation of 190 motorcycles to ease movement of the troops in hard to reach areas where the criminals take refuge.He said that the state government would soon release additional 200 vehicles to security outfits in the state to facilitate their operations and rid the state of criminal elements.NAN reports that criminal activities including banditry, cattle rustling and kidnappings had resurfaced in the state after an initial lull.The situation provoked aggressive pursuit of the criminals by troops, forcing them to either surrender or leave the state.(NAN) By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau - The renewed onslaught against armed bandits in Zamfara by the military under Operation Hadarin Daji (OPHD) is gaining momentum and has disorganised the hoodlums. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the hoodlums had been giving residents of the state sleepless nights for about… March 30, 2020 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Defence Headquarters on Tuesday said the joint operations of the armed forces in Zamfara and Kaduna states had substantially addressed the security challenges in the North-West. The acting Director, Defence Information, Col. Onyema Nwachukwu, disclosed this at a news conference on the activities of… July 23, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Boko Haram insurgents no longer operate on the Nigerian soil, according to the Defence Headquarters (DHQ). Its spokesman Brig.-Gen. Onyema Nwachukwu said the insurgents had been pushed to the Tombus Islands on the fringes of Lake Chad. “Boko Haram is not occupying any part of… December 24, 2019 In "News"