British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has tested negative for COVID-19, his spokesman said on Monday. The test on leaving hospital was standard medical practice, the spokesperson said, according to the Press Association news agency. Johnson spent a week in hospital including several days in intensive care after contracting the virus, and said he owed his life to the medical staff who treated him. With the number of coronavirus deaths in Britain hitting 11,329 – a rise of 717 compared to the previous day – the Ministry of Defence said it was deploying 200 military personnel across the country in support of ambulance services, PA cited the prime minister’s office as saying. Downing Street said the soldiers would carry out a variety of roles including driving vehicles, taking calls, manning response centres and supporting paramedic crews. Interim chief medical officer Jason Leitch meanwhile urged families of those who have died during the outbreak not to delay funerals, in a bid to stop a backlog. Excluding Northern Ireland, 88,621 people have tested positive for the coronavirus in Britain as of Monday morning. (dpa/NAN) •Boris Johnson, British PM LONDON - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been moved to intensive care in hospital after his coronavirus symptoms "worsened", Downing Street has said. A spokesman said he was moved on the advice of his medical team and is receiving "excellent care". Mr Johnson has asked… April 6, 2020 In "Foreign" London - Carrie Symonds, the pregnant fiancée of Boris Johnson, has praised the medical staff, who helped the British Prime Minister come through COVID-19, adding that there were “very dark” times last week. “I cannot thank our magnificent NHS enough. “The staff at St Thomas’ Hospital have been incredible. “I… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been dischared from hospital, The man was discharged from hospital on Sunday, a Downing Street spokesman said, a week after being admitted for treatment for coronavirus and spending three days in intensive care, according to the Agence France Presse, AFP. “The PM has been… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign"