By Femi Ogunshola  Abuja – America born Nigerian Musician, Osazuwa Cynthia with stage name Cynthia Proper, said her new song ” Boom” which she co-song with singer Wande Coal was born out of inspiration from the beats form musical instruments. Cynthia told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday that “Boom” was basically a result of what she felt at the time she composed the song. She added that the title of her new song, “Boom” was a fall out of the rhythm from the beat, adding that she grabbed the inspiration to name the album “Boom”. Proper who is currently doing her doctorate degree in pharmacy at Long Island University Brooklyn New York said the Nigeria music industry was challenging, adding however that it was imperative to believe in the ability of one to succeed as a musician. The pharmacists turned musician said as a Nigerian female artist, the Nigeria music industry could be favourable once the will was there, resolute and hardworking. She said she had to collaborate with Wande Coal because he was a perfect introduction to the music industry as a Nigerian in Nigeria, stressing that he remained a legend in the music industry. Proper said she ensured that the video for “Boom” which was directed by Lenx was not too explicit and sensual. She added that there was need to consider the sensitive nature of the country and take into cognisance her culture and way of life of the people. The fast-rising rapper said she had always love Nigeria and its diverse culture, stressing that she enjoyed everything about her Edo culture despite being an American citizen. When asked what genre of music would she classify her music, she disclosed that she could be versatile in different kinds of music and was not limited to a particular genre. She added that Nigeria music was growing and the energy must be sustained to help the industry. “The music industry is going to be very interesting for me, everybody is hustling, Nigeria music is cool and I am working hard to make a name for myself, music is my passion and I am going all out for it, ” she said. Cynthia however said if she was not into music, she would be an entrepreneur and an healthcare advocate to help the health care delivery system in Nigeria. On COVID-19 pandemic, the musician urged Nigerians to adhere strictly to instruction by maintaining social distancing, adding that they should endeavour to stay away from anyone coughing or exhibiting the symptoms. “Nigerians don’t know spacing, everybody mixes with each other, this is the time to keep distance,” the musician urged. She decried the effect of COVID-19 on the entertainment industry, stressing that shows had been put on hold and no money made and musicians could not be outside for any concert. News Agency if Nigeria (NAN) reports that Proper started recording professionally in 2016, she released her first visual a remix to OT Genaisis Push it in 2017. In the one-minute freestyle video done in her friends’ basement she made it clear she was here to stay and not here to play. NAN reports that she has since been steadying in dropping music on various streaming sites; Cynthia is signed to 2 Proper Production. (NAN)