By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) has commended the Inspector General of Police, IGP Abubukar Adamu for ordering the arrest and trial of his erring and trigger-happy officers who went about killing citizen and destroying their properties. The group which noted that the civilised and good work of the IGP promotes respect for human rights expressed happiness with the development and said it is determined to work with the IGP to address these acts of impunity. The commendation was contained in a statement signed by the Executive Director, Comrade Ibuchukwu Ohabuenyi Ezike made available to Sundiata Post. The statement reads in full: The Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) notes with commendation, the actions of the Inspector General of the Nigerian Police, IGP Abubukar Adamu, over the activities of some overzealous police officers who went about killing citizens and destroying their property in the waking of their monitoring the compliance of Nigerians with the COVID-19 Pandemic lockdown ordered by the Nigerian Authorities. CLO gathered from reliable authorities that IGP Adamu ordered the arrest and trial of the lawless officers who killed a young man in Ohafia, Ohafia local government area of Abia state and others who destroyed the property of a certain business man in Lagos State among others. According to CLO findings, the police officers now turned suspects have been apprehended, detained and undergoing Order Room Trials. The Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in charge of Ohafia Police Division is also undergoing serious interrogation on the killing of the young man in Ohafia that led to the burning down of the Police station built with tax payers’ money by angry citizens. CLO Commends the civilised and good work of the IGP that promotes respect for human rights and urges him to maintain steady eyes on his men and officers some of who still operate under military hangover and have penchant for violating human rights, due process and the rule of law. Bringing them to accountability in the event of these wanton abuses and destruction will tame the tide of indulgence in these crimes by officers on duties. We have also observed that some officers drink excessively and smoke marijuana etc even while on duties and thereafter lose their common, normal senses in dealing with the civilian population. CLO is happy with this development and is prepared to work with the IGP to address these acts of impunity and help in returning Nigeria to a comity of civilised world. SGD. Comrade Ibuchukwu Ohabuenyi Ezike, Executive Director, CLO.