ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari today, Saturday, gave an indication that Nigerians should prepare for an indefinite lockdown on Lagos, Ogun, Abuja and other parts of the country.He declared the measure “essential” to defeat the coronavirus pandemic in the country. He appealed to Nigerians to “observe restrictions on movement where they are in place” during the Easter holiday. The President in a statement released by Presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu declared that the lockdown imposed for n initial period of wo weeks from March 29, will now last as long “as our scientific advisers declare they are necessary.” “For those who suffer most egregiously” during the lockdown, Buhari said the government was ready to help assist with grains and distribution of small cash payments. “No elected government could ask more of the citizens of the country that elected them than today we ask of you,” the President said. “But we must ask you – once more – to observe restrictions on movement where they are in place, and follow the instructions of our scientists and medical advisers: stay home, wash your hands, save lives. “We ask you to listen and follow public announcements via the mass media for instructions as to how to receive this government support – and learn of more public assistance in the coming days. “All that the Government is asking you to endure is because nowhere in the world today is there any known way of defeating this pandemic. There is no vaccine. And that means there are choices to be made: between continuing as usual, or accepting the restrictions even when they come with unintended consequences. “But at this darkest hour, it remains our duty to offer you the full and unvarnished truth: This is a global pandemic. 210 countries and territories across the globe are affected. We cannot expect others to come to our assistance. No one is coming to defeat this virus for us. “Instead, the defeat of the virus in our country will be in our hands, alone. We cannot wait for others. We can only depend on ourselves now. And so we must – and we will – end this outbreak ourselves as Nigerians, together.” The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has urged security agencies to deploy tact while enforcing the lockdown in Lagos, Ogun and the Federal Capital Territory. Buhari had, on March 29, ordered the lockdown in the three locations for an initial period of 14 days to tackle the spread of… April 3, 2020 In "News" By Esenvosa Izah Lagos - The Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for the steps so far taken to curtail the spread of Coronavirus in the country. The Director-General, Mr Timothy Olawale, made the commendation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… March 30, 2020 In "News" Prophet TB Joshua, the founder of Synagogue Church of All Nations, SCOAN, has made yet another prophecy concerning the dreaded coronavirus. He said that after coronavirus, Nigeria will suffer hard time. In a series of tweets, TB Joshua encouraged Nigerians to keep looking onto God, who alone, according to him,… April 1, 2020 In "News"