Actress Princess Shyngle has revealed more details of her present challenges. According to her, she lost her pregnancy and is struggling alone without help from her friends or family after her man got jailed for fraud. In a new video she shared on YouTube, the actress revealed that she realized she had lost her baby after waking up to see blood all over her bed. She said in the video; “Everything happens for a reason and as much as the devil wants me to be angry with God right now, I won’t. ” I lost my baby, she’s gone, The most painful thing on planet earth is to lose your child, whether the child is alive and you lose it, or the child is in your tummy when you lose it, it is the same pain. I know my baby is watching over me in heaven and that’s why she came for me to know her.” Princess Shyngle also revealed that her fiance, Federic has been trying to call and reach her from jail. She added that he’s been starving himself and trying to commit suicide. ”I messed up, but I still love him. When somebody is the love of your life, no matter how hard you try, you can’t just get over them just like that. I thought I could, but I can’t so I’m gonna unblock him and hear what he has to say” The actress who disclosed that she could have presented a perfect life of being in the States and engaged to her man, said she chose to share her story to encourage anyone going through a similar or different challenge. Watch her video below; She said in a new video; "Everything happens for a reason and as much as the devil wants me to be angry with God right now, I won't." . . . "I lost my baby, she's gone, The most painful thing on planet earth is to lose your child, whether the child is alive and you lose it, or the child is in your tummy when you lose it, it is the same pain." I know my baby is watching over me in heaven and that's why she came for me to know her. . . She said her man, Federic has been trying to call and reach her from jail, they said he's been starving himself and trying to commit suicide.  Shyngle added; “I messed up, but I still love him. When somebody is the love of your life, no matter how hard you try, you can't just get over them just like that. I thought I could, but I can't so I'm gonna unblock him and hear what he has to say''. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Apr 6, 2020 at 3:40am PDT  Gambia - Though Princess Shyngle has apologized to her fiance Frederic Badji who she blasted weeks ago for allegedly cheating on her and betraying her, after giving her heart to him, the Gambian-born actress has however revealed that she might never forgive herself for accusing him wrongly. Princess Shyngle who… December 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Princess Shyngle engaged Ghanaian Actress Princess Shyngle has shared an update on her relationship engagement with fiance, Frederic Badji. The curvy movie star made it known that her engagement with Frederic Badji which was initially called off is now back on. Shyngle flooded her page with photos and videos, including… January 21, 2020 In "Metro" British rapper, Stefflon Don has shut down the rumours currently making the rounds on social media that she and her Nigerian Afropop sensation boyfriend, Burna Boy because he cheated on her with Gambian born, Ghana based actress, Princess Shyngle. Social media blog, Instablog9ja had posted some clips of Burna Boy… August 27, 2019 In "Entertainment"