Celine Dion, the world-famous Canadian singer has posted a heartfelt thanks to the “heroic” workers on the frontline in the coronavirus fight and urged her fans to respect stay-at-home orders. The video shot in the superstar’s kitchen — two versions, in English and in French – had more than 2.5 million views across her social media feeds as of mid-morning Thursday. “Let’s take care of each other and I know we will get through this together,” she told her fans in the English version of the clip. “There are so many heroes out there around the world who are going to work every single day, risking their lives — and sometimes sacrificing their lives for the rest of us,” she said. “These people have families and loved ones who they’re worried about, but they still go out to work to save us, to serve us.” Dion went on to list “health care professionals, first responders, social workers and essential services providers” such as grocery store staff and delivery workers, saying: “We cannot thank all of you enough.” “We salute your bravery and we pray for you. Thank you so very much for the heroic work that you are doing for our world. We are eternally grateful.” Dion herself is self-isolating. Watch the video below: Celine xx… #Gratitude #stayathome A post shared by  Céline Dion (@celinedion) on Apr 15, 2020 at 12:50pm PDT Source Los Angeles - Taylor Swift, Jennifer Lopez and Oprah Winfrey have joined a global broadcast special telecast, this coming weekend, that will recognise the efforts of workers on the front lines of the coronavirus outbreak, organisers said on Tuesday. The “One World Together at Home” event, a combination of music,… April 15, 2020 In "Entertainment" Thieves stole a French bulldog puppy from a carer's home while she helped people with dementia in a gruelling shift during the coronavirus pandemic. Dion Taha, from Sheffield, Yorkshire, has put up a £1,000 reward for information which leads to the safe return of three-month-old Bella. The 46-year-old was out… April 1, 2020 In "News" Las Vegas -  Madonna paid tribute to Prince, Kesha earned a standing ovation for her stirring rendition of "It Ain't Me, Babe" honouring Bob Dylan. While Celine Dion dedicated her Icon award to her late husband at Sunday night's emotion-packed Billboard Music Awards. The three-hour live telecast from Las Vegas… May 23, 2016 In "Entertainment"