Fear has gripped residents of the ancient city of Kano, over the death of One Abdulrasheed Ibrahim, a resident of Gwammaja Quarters in the metropolis, who was suspected to have died in self-isolation. According to neighbours of the deceased, late Abdulrasheed was said to have returned to Kano from Abuja last Monday. The neighbours also revealed on the day he returned to Kano, he was seen washing his car before proceeding on an alleged self-isolation. TheNation gathered that residents in the neighbourhood became apprehensive after an offensive smell started oozing out of the deceased’s house. They observed he had remained indoors for three days. The development compelled the residents to alert his relatives, who broke into his home where he was found dead. Efforts for further inquiries were unsuccessful from relatives of the deceased. The director, Public Health and Disease Control, Dr Imam Wada Bello, confirmed the incident. He called for calm, stating that health officials have been deployed to the scene to exercise all requisite medical measures. According to him, the blood sample of the deceased has been collected and subjected to medical examination. He assured that the public would be informed about the outcome of the test that is currently been conducted on the samples collected. Source The management of the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital has accused a professor of medicine on its staff of conniving to conceal from his colleagues vital information on a suspected case of COVID-19 who died at the hospital last week. The federal facility said the suspected case had been on… April 5, 2020 In "News" ADO-EKITI - A driver who tested positive for Coronavirus is said to have driven an American suspected to have contracted COVID-19 and his caregiver, all the way from the Muritala Mohammed International Airport Lagos down to Ado-Ekiti.  According to a statement by the Ekiti State government, the driver whose identity… March 19, 2020 In "News" A suspected case of coronavirus has been recorded in Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau, Commissioner for Health, Dr Nimkong Ndam said. In an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Jos, he said the suspect is an aide of Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi that… March 29, 2020 In "Health"