The leadership of Nigeria’s House of Representatives has directed its members to resume plenary session on Tuesday, April 28, at 10 am. This directive was issued in a statement signed by the Clerk to the House of Representatives, Patrick Giwa. The clerk said in the statement that the COVID-19 Guidelines approved by the Federal Government and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and additional Guidelines developed by the House would be sent to members’ pigeon holes for collection on resumption. “Staff and Members’ Aides are to work from home and will be notified when needed in the office for any special assignment,” part of the statement read. The senator representing Osun Central, Ajibola Basiru, also made a similar announcement regarding the Senate on his official Twitter handle. He tweeted: “The Nigerian Senate will resume in Plenary on Tuesday, 28th April, 2020 by 10:00am.” The leadership of Nigeria’s House of Representatives has directed its members to resume plenary session on Tuesday, April 28, at 10 am.This directive was issued in a statement signed by the Clerk to the House of Representatives, Patrick Giwa.The clerk said in the statement that the COVID-19 Guidelines approved by the Federal Government and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and additional Guidelines developed by the House would be sent to members’ pigeon holes for collection on resumption.“Staff and Members’ Aides are to work from home and will be notified when needed in the office for any special assignment,” part of the statement read.The senator representing Osun Central, Ajibola Basiru, also made a similar announcement regarding the Senate on his official Twitter handle.He tweeted: “The Nigerian Senate will resume in Plenary on Tuesday, 28th April, 2020 by 10:00am.” The lawmakers had on March 24, suspended plenary sessions for two weeks to observe the lockdown aimed at curbing the spread of Coronavirus as well as to put up other safety measures in the complex.They were expected to resume legislative on April 7 but the president, on March 29, ordered the lockdown of the Federal Capital Territory as well as Lagos and Ogun states, hence the postponement. The lawmakers had on March 24, suspended plenary sessions for two weeks to observe the lockdown aimed at curbing the spread of Coronavirus as well as to put up other safety measures in the complex. They were expected to resume legislative on April 7 but the president, on March 29, ordered the lockdown of the Federal Capital Territory as well as Lagos and Ogun states, hence the postponement. Source