By EricJames Ochigbo  Abuja – The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Femi Gbajabiamila, says the House will pass a stimulus Bill to ensure Nigerians get free electricity supply for two months. In a statement on Saturday in Abuja, Gbajabiamila said that the aim was to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerians and local businesses. According to the speaker, the proposed Bill is to help in boosting the economy through the informal sector as the country prepares for the aftermath of the Coronavirus. “The proposed Bill is to be considered immediately the House reconvenes from its ongoing break, declared due to the pandemic.” Gbajabiamila said the country could not afford to be unprepared for the effect of COVID-19 on its economy. He said that electricity, being a commodity consumed by every household, had a greater effect on the people and would have direct effect on the informal sector. “It is one thing that will touch every household; as I said earlier, I discussed with the electricity Distribution Companies (DisCos) that packaged whatever they would require. “If the government can give them, for us to allow for two months free electricity for Nigerians, they would be able to guarantee it. “We have the figures, I think we should look very seriously into that as part of our package for economic stimulus. “This is because stimulus means something that will stimulate the economy and when you are stimulating the economy, most of it will come from the informal sector,’’ he said. The speaker expressed the determination of the National Assembly to partner the Executive with the aim of mitigating the effects of the disease on Nigerians and the economy. He, however, noted that all government funds and private donations must be transparently accounted for. Gbajabiamila also disclosed that the leadership of the National Assembly had shifted its resumption from April 7 to April in compliance with government’s 2-week stay-at-home policy. (NAN) By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - Leadership of the National Assembly on Wednesday met with some ministers and heads of agencies of Federal Government to brainstorm on impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerian economy. Ezrel Tabiowo, Special Assistant, Press to President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan in a statement, indicated that the… March 25, 2020 In "News" ...Shutdown House for 2 Weeks By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) — House of Representatives on Tuesday passed Emergency Economic Stimulus Bill, 2020 before shutting down for two weeks all in efforts to tackle the coronavirus pandemic. The Bill was introduced by the Speaker, Mr Femi Gbajabiamila and fast-tracked to… March 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, yesterday, exhibited its clout for upsetting human activities at the top echelons of the Nigerian government. Shortly after reports that Chief of Staff Abba Kyari tested positive to the virus, the Presidential Villa in Abuja was no longer the same. It retained all the trappings of… March 25, 2020 In "Politics"