The Lagos state government has dismissed reports that the lockdown in the state due to the Coronavirus pandemic has been lifted for the Easter celebration this weekend. At the press briefing today, the state Commissioner for Information, Gbenga Omotoso, said the lockdown is still in full force. He said it is only the Federal government that can lift the lockdown order. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has not relaxed any lockdown. The lockdown is still on and we appeal to Lagosians to continue to obey the directive to continue to be responsible because that is the only way the experts have said we can fight this disease. The lockdown is still on. If it is going to be extended or relaxed, it is the business of the Federal government. The announcement is not going to be made by Babajide Sanwo-Olu because he did not impose it in the first place” he said President Buhari on March 29th, announced a lockdown on the state as part of measures to curb the spread of the ravaging Coronavirus. Source By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has charged security agents to be friendly in enforcing the lockdown order announced on Sunday by President Muhammadu Buhari. Sanwo-Olu gave the charge on Monday, during a Security Council meeting held at the State House, Marina, with commanders of all… March 31, 2020 In "News" Residents of Lagos state have taken to the streets to protest the lockdown order by the federal and state government. The residents said that they do not have enough food that will sustain them till the next 2 weeks. They complained that they have not been paid and yet they… April 2, 2020 In "News" By Solomon Asowata Lagos - Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) on Friday donated food items worth N26.6 million to the Lagos State Government to support relief efforts to citizens during the ongoing COVID-19 lockdown.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the food items, presented by Mr Adeoye Fadeyibi, Managing… April 3, 2020 In "News"