Belgrade  –  Serbian football international Aleksandar Prijovic was sentenced to three months of home detention for violating lockdown rules in connection with the novel coronavirus pandemic, local media reported on Sunday. The Saudi side Al Ittihad striker was arrested on Friday for breaking the rule banning groups larger than five and was arrested along with over dozen people attending an impromptu party in a Belgrade hotel. Prijovic pleaded guilty with the Belgrade prosecutor’s office in exchange for the mildest punishment a day later while his verdict still needs to be verified by a court. Prijovic, 29, is billed as the wealthiest Serbian player, with a four-and-a-half-year, 19.25-million euros (20.8 million dollars) contract from January 2019. According to the daily Blic, Al Ittihad are unhappy with Prijovic’s performance, however his contract is guaranteed and can be terminated without pay only if he harms the club’s image. The report speculates that the arrest and the sentencing may provide the Saudi side an argument to cut Prijovic without compensation. (dpa/NAN) Belgrade - Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama's visit to Serbia stirred ethnic tensions on Tuesday as his compatriots in the volatile south welcomed him as their own leader. Several thousand ethnic Albanians greeted Rama in Presevo, south of Belgrade, while waving Albanian flags. Report says billboards proclaimed him their prime… November 11, 2014 In "Foreign" By Lexi Elo with Agency Report‎ Striker Gbolahan Salami has made a dramatic return to Warri Wolves, days before the Nigeria Professional Football League is scheduled to start. The 23-year-old moved to Serbian giants Red Star Belgrade on a six-month loan in January but has surprisingly made a return to… March 6, 2015 In "Sports" Zamalek officials have started negotiations with their former striker, Abdoulaye Cissé to rejoin the side. Cissé left Zamalek last summer when he ended his contract because of the turmoil in Egypt to join Libyan side Al Ittihad. [eap_ad_1] The Libyan Football Federation have decided to stop the demotic league for… August 10, 2014 In "Sports"