Late Charles Fwang’an A fumigation staff of the Plateau State Agricultural Services and Training Center (ASTC), Mr. Fwang’an Charles Gugin was Monday crushed to death in Mangu, 40kms Southeast of Jos, while riding to his new post station. Charles was among special contract staff hired to fumigate the State against Coronavirus. He fumigated the whole of the Jos capital city along with over a dozen others on Friday and Saturday, and was heading to Mangu to continue the exercise when he died. Eyewitnesses say a bus he was riding on lost its tyre rod near the State NYSC camp, and somersaulted, flinging him off through its open roof. Charles could have survived but the ill-fated car crushed him on the asphalt road before it plunged into the bushes, an eyewitness said. “It’s hard to believe I’ve just lost my brother and friend,” said his baby sister, Plang Charles. His father, Mr. Charles Gugin Benle who was apparently in shock, declined comments on the incident. The General Manager of ASTC, Dr. Susan Bentu, on Tuesday led a delegation of management staff to the deceased’s family residence in State Lowcost layout, Jos, but could not offer any comments. Remains of the late Fwang’an Charles has been deposited at the Plateau State Specialists Hospital mortuary, and would be buried within the next 48hrs, it is learnt. Charles, 31, graduated in 2012 with a Higher National Diploma in Mass Communication from Kaduna State Polytechnic and had his National Youth Service in 2013. It is not known if he had a paid job anywhere, but findings reveal that “El-Roy as he was fondly called, owned a sound entertainment outfit, Pure Entertainment. His adhoc job with ASTC was valued at N5000 ($12.99USD) a day, and had just worked for two days when he died. Source: MK Reporters By Thompson Yamput Jos - The Plateau Government on Sunday confirmed that the death of a National Assembly (NASS) staff, Joel Dewus, was not from COVID-19 as suspected but from other health complications.The State Commissioner for Health, Mr Lar Noam, who confirmed the death in an interview with News Agency… April 5, 2020 In "Politics" By Polycarp Auta Jos - The Police Command in Plateau state, has deployed 2,500 of its personnel to ensure total compliance with lockdown directive by the state government. ASP Ubah Ogaba, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state confirmed the figures to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… April 10, 2020 In "Metro" MANGU (PLATEAU) - The Chairman of Mangu Local Government Area in Plateau, Mr Caleb Mutfwang, on Saturday confirmed seven persons killed in recent attacks on some parts of the area. Mutfwang told a news conference in Jos that the area witnessed some security challenges in which lives were lost.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]… January 3, 2015 In "News"