The Police in Osun State intercepted a car carrying the corpse of suspected COVID-19 patient into the State from Ibadan, Oyo state. The car was intercepted around 6:30 PM on Sunday at the Odo Oba border along Ibadan/Iwo road by operatives enforcing lockdown order in Osun. According to a source, the medical team at the border suspected the corpse to have died of COVID-19 in Oyo State. It was gathered by our Correspondent that a Mazda 323 car, ash colour with registration number KFS 409 EH which was used to convey the corpse was driven by one Ismaila Ademola. It was also learnt that the corpse was identified as Yusuf Ishola and the car used in conveying the corpse belongs to one Mrs. Texaco. A source also disclosed that security operatives and some government officials escorted the vehicle back to Divisional Police Officer, Adebayo Micheal, at Iyana Offa in Oyo State to hand over the car with the corpse. The Police Public Relations Officer, Osun State, Mrs. Yemisi Opalola confirmed the incident and said that the commissioner of Police, Mr. Johnson Kokumo has directed closer monitoring of border towns. The Nation Before now, bereaved families always looked forward to burying their dead for them to rest in peace. This solemn rite appears to have eluded families in states under lockdown as most of the corpses in the mortuaries cannot be buried. Thus, this is not the best of time for families… April 12, 2020 In "News" By Abdul Razaq Ibrahim Operatives of the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ogun State Police Command have arrested an alleged Islamic cleric, Toafeek Ajisomo, 50; and two others for kidnapping a 11-year old, Aminat Ishola and later killed her after eight days in captivity. Sundiata Post gathered that the kidnappers… June 10, 2015 In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Christians in Osun, on Sunday, celebrated Easter indoors due to lockdown to stem the spread of coronavirus in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent, who went round the town, reports that all churches were under lock and key, without any Easter service… April 12, 2020 In "News"