The first lady of Kaduna State, Hadiza El-Rufai has made a u-turn by slamming her son, Bello, for allegedly threatening to rape the mother of a twitter user. This comes after she was lambasted on Twitter for supporting her son on Sunday. She has now apologised saying that having gone through her son’s tweets chronologically, she had had a conversation with him. She said she would never condone sexual abuse in any shape or form. Recall that the whole drama started as a political debate when Bello El-Rufai described US President Donald Trump as incompetent over his handling of COVID-19 pandemic later degenerated into personal attacks that included ethnic slurs between Bello and some tweeter handlers. Consigliere had alleged that Trump was more competent than President Muhammadu Buhari and Bello’s father, the governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai. Bello fired back at Consigliere thus; “Tell your mother I’m passing her to my friends tonight. No Igbo sounds please! Tueh”. Mrs El-Rufai first reaction when she was tagged in some of the tweets, read; “All you people talking about @B_ELRUFAI, Don’t @ me. Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind. All is fair in love and war. My belief: Respect everyone, but take no … from anyone. I didn’t see any threats of rape. I would never condone that.” The First Lady later tweeted; “When I posted the tweet below, I assumed it was just the usual Twitter gbas-gbos. Having read the tweets chronologically, I have had conversations with Bello. Never ever should sexual abuse be employed as ammunition in public/ private exchanges, no matter the provocation. “I can see how my tweet may have come across, and I apologise to those who were offended by it. I say once again, that I’d never condone sexual abuse in any shape or form.” Hadiza Isma El-Rufai@hadizel I can see how my tweet may have come across, and I apologise to those who were offended by it. I say, once again, that I’d never condone sexual abuse in any shape or form. https://twitter.com/hadizel/status/1249670902582820864 …Hadiza Isma El-Rufai@hadizelWhen I posted the tweet below, I assumed it was just the usual Twitter gbas-gbos. Having read the tweets chronologically, I have had conversations with Bello. Never ever should sexual abuse be employed as ammunition in public/ private exchanges, no matter the provocation. https://twitter.com/hadizel/status/1249327112818962433 …2,0663:35 PM – Apr 13, 2020Twitter Ads info and privacy1,102 people are talking about this Source