LAGOS – A policeman in a viral video, seen counting money extorted from a motorist in Ago Palace Way, Okota, Lagos has been identified. He is Inspector Taloju Martins, a station officer at Ago Palace Way Police Station. rrested and to undergo orderly room trial. According to a trending video on various social media platforms, where a policeman was seen in a video where he was counting N1,000 notes of money in a place with Police station painting and Police radio signal sound in the background of the video. The incident occurred on Friday, April 10, 2020 at Ago Palace Road Okota axis of the Oshodi/Isolo Local Government Area of Lagos State while the said Police Officer has been arrested and case transferred to the Commissioner of Police for proper investigation and orderly room trial by the state command. The arrested Police Officer has been identified as an Inspector of Police and according to the name tag on his uniform, his name is Taloju Martins. The money was said to be a ‘ransom’ paid by an unidentified motorist to free his vehicle. The motorist was said to had allegedly violated the lockdown order of the government to curb the community transmission of Coronavirus in the state. The motorist, whose car was seized by the police, was told to pay N50,000 but he pleaded to pay N40,000. During the payment of the bribe money, the motorist recorded the transaction moments after he handed the N40,000 to the Police officer and the Officer was caught on camera while counting the extorted money collected from the motorist. The viral Police Officer video was posted by Nigeria musician RuggedMan on his official Twitter handle @RuggedyBaba, on Friday, April 10, 2020. The Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, confirmed the story and also announced that the Inspector of Police seen on the video has been arrested. “We have seen the video and the inspector has been arrested. An investigation has commenced. He will be subjected to internal disciplinary proceeding known as Orderly Room Trial in accordance with the regulations of the Nigeria Police Force.” Elkana said. A statement issued by Elkana on Sunday via Twitter @PoliceNG reads: Police Inspector in viral video arrested and tried for extortion Attention of Lagos State Police Command is drawn to a video on social media in which an Inspector was captured counting #40,000 he extorted from the owner of a vehicle he impounded for violating restriction of movement order. After analysing the video, the culprit was identified and arrested. He is Inspector Taloju Martin attached to Ago Police Station as Station Officer (SO). The complainant has also been identified. The money extorted is recovered and handed over to him by the Commissioner of Police. The Commissioner of Police Lagos State, CP Hakeem Odumosu psc has ordered the Deputy Commissioner  of Police in Charge of Criminal Investigation to carry out an in depth investigation into the activities of Ago Police Station as a whole. Meanwhile, the Inspector arrested is handed over to Provost Marshall for Orderly Room Trials. Commissioner of Police has reaffirmed his stance against corrupt practices and impunity. Members of the public will be updated on the outcome of the investigation. DSP Bala ElkanaPolice Public Relations Officer,Lagos State. Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A police officer has reportedly killed a bike man over N100 bribe in the Okota area of Lagos. According to reports, the officer killed a certain Aliu Rafiu, a motorcycle rider in the area, who was on his way to work in the early hours of… May 9, 2019 In "News" By Mateen Badru Lagos -   A police provost, Insp. Kadima Useni, attached to Police Mobile Force, Squadron 22 Base, Ikeja was on Wednesday dismissed by the police for getting drunk on duty. Lagos State Police Command’s Spokesman, CSP Chike Oti, said that the dismissed policeman was apprehended following a… November 7, 2018 In "Top Stories" The Nigeria Police have announced the dismissal of four officers for extortion. The four officers served with the Ogun State Command and included one inspector, one sergeant, and two corporals. According to a police bulletin obtained by the affected officials were attached to the Ijebu-Ode Division of the Ogun State… July 9, 2017 In "News"