By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) –  The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, has described the death of the Chief of Staff to the President, Mr Abba Kyari, as shocking and an unfortunate surprise. The Ooni, in a statement issued on Saturday in Ile-Ife by his Director of Media and Public Affairs, Moses Olafare, described the late Kyari as a coolheaded gentleman and great respecter of the traditional institution. The monarch said that the deceased, until his death, handled his position as a public servant with dignity and dedication arising from his fervent belief and incorruptible patriotism and commitment to the Nigerian project. The statement said in part: “Ooni of Ife has received news of the death of Alhaji Abba Kyari with a rude shock and he sees it as a very unfortunate surprise. “Late Abba Kyari was a detribalised Nigerian and coolheaded fine gentleman who had treated traditional institutions with love and respect. “Ooni immediately after the news was confirmed made a phone communication to the wife and children of the late Chief of Staff. “He prayed for the gentle soul of the deceased and the fortitude for the family to bear the irreparable loss.” The Ooni, who urged Nigerians to take the ongoing fight against the pandemic more seriously, described the virus as a ruthless enemy of humanity that must be collectively defeated. Ogunwusi also prayed for the souls of the thousands of victims already killed by COVID-19 around the world. He urged Nigerians to keep to the rules and regulations already set by the government as measures to combat the pandemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Presidency on Saturday morning had announced the passage of Kyari. Mr Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, confirmed the development in a statement in Abuja. ”The deceased had tested positive to the ravaging COVID-19, and had been receiving treatment. But he died on Friday, April 17, 2020. ”May God accept his soul. ”Funeral arrangements will be announced shortly,” the statement said. (NAN) Osogbo -Adetokunbo Sijuwade, the son of the late Ooni of Ife, Oba Okunade Sijuwade, on Wednesday officially announced the death of the monarch, saying he would be buried on Friday. Addressing newsmen at the Government Office in Osogbo, the younger Sijuwade said that the body of the late monarch would… August 12, 2015 In "News" Ilorin - Gov. Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara, has commiserated with the government and people of Osun over the death of the Ooni of Ife, Oba Okunade Sijuade, Olubuse II. In a statement issued on Thursday in Ilorin by Abdulwahab Oba, Chief Press Secretary (CPS) to the governor, Ahmed described the… August 14, 2015 In "News" By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - The Ooni of ife, Oba Adeyeye  Ogunwusi,  on Friday gave awards to 100 Nigerian youth leaders, saying youth development remained crucial to economic prosperity. The Ooni gave out the awards in Ile-Ife under the aegis of his Royal African Young Leadership Forum, an initiative… January 17, 2020 In "News"