By Salisu Sani-Idris  Abuja  –  The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) Enforcement Team, has confirmed the arrest of a cleric, a Turkish and an Angolan for violating the Presidential lockdown directive in the FCT aimed at curtailing the spread of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in Abuja. Ikharo Attah, Chairman of the FCTA Enforcement Team on Movement Restrictions, in a statement on Sunday in Abuja, said that the team has also impounded no fewer than 269 vehicles for violating the presidential stay-at-home order. ” We got to Area one Roundabout, where a particular man was arrested with four military caps, he put one Army cap in his boot, then another one for Nigeria Air force and two other ones for Nigeria Navy, all in one vehicle. ” We arrested and handed him over to the FCT Commissioner of Police. “Then we also had another case of a man whose vehicle was taken to VIO office in Area one and immediately, he decided to strip himself naked, removed all his cloths in protest that he must work, that he did not believe in the existence of covid-19,” he said. “We also arrested the Imam of Wuye Jumma’at Mosque because we received several complaints that the Imam had held a congregational prayer on Friday. ” But that Friday, we were at Kuje, we could not have come back within five minutes. So we got there today and invited him to come and explain; and we cautioned him at the FCT Police Command, Garki. “We also arrested two expatriates at Glo Junction for violating the President order, going out without permit. “We arrested a Turkish man and an man Angolan. They’ve been handed over to the police in taken to the Maitama,” he said. He warned the FCT residents, particularly uniformed personnel and diplomats against violating the lockdown order of President Muhammadu Buhari. (NAN) By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has stopped personnel of the Directorate of Road Traffic Services (DRTS) from inspecting vehicle particulars on roads in the city before 10 a.m daily. Mr Ikharo Attah, Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task team on Traffic Management, gave the… February 24, 2020 In "News" Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) Transport Secretariat has advised taxi drivers operating within the territory to always obey traffic regulations to avoid problems with the authority. Mr Ifeanyi Ughamadu, the Head of Public Relations, FCT Transport Secretariat, gave this advice in an interview in an interview with… July 3, 2015 In "News" Abuja -  Mr Shehu Shugaba, Chairman, Painted Abuja Taxis, has absolved the union from the recent attacks on Vehicle Inspection Officers (VIOs) in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) over alleged misconduct of the officers. Shugaba said this on Thursday in an interview with newsmen in Abuja, on the crisis that… July 2, 2015 In "News"