The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic has charged clothe makers across the country to commence mass production of protective face masks as part of national effort to defeat to outbreak. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, who is also the Chairman of the PTF, made the call during Thursday’s edition of the daily media briefing by the task force. Mustapha, who recalled that regular wearing of face masks, especially when outside the home, was one of the critical regulations given against contracting and spreading the disease, charged Nigerians to take responsibility and play their role in the fight against it. “It is critical to repeat, however, that compliance with the advisories for personal hygiene, social distancing, restriction of movement, early reporting of symptoms and wearing of masks regularly, especially in public, remain the best measures for the prevention of infections and to slow down the spread.Read Also: Ken Saro-Wiwa’s son dies of COVID-19“Let me also encourage all our garment factories and tailors all over the nation that this is the time to start producing locally, using our local fabrics, the Ankara and all other materials that we have because of advisories that as much as possible, we should wear our masks whenever we are outside our homes, that way, we’ll reduce the chances, in addition to other necessary things that you need to do, of infection or infecting others. “Thee PTF appeals to Nigerians to take responsibility and play their roles properly. As you all know, we are in a state of war against an invisible enemy”, he said. The SGF also charged the public to be more civil and cooperative whenever interfacing with law enforcement agents in the period of the lockdown, noting that they had been deployed for the protection and safety of all Nigerians. “Let me also advise that whenever you are outside the confines of your homes, make sure it is for very legitimate reasons covered by the exemption or within the hours relaxed for the purchase of basic items. “Similarly, you should carry with you a valid means of identification. Finally, I urge everyone to please exercise patience in communicating with the law enforcement agents assigned to ensure compliance with the Presidential orders. They are there to protect all of us! The PTF continues to count on the collective cooperation of all Nigerians in our effort to contain the spread of this deadly virus”, he said. The Nation By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The 18-member team of Chinese experts will be arriving soon with “globally scarce supplies” in the fight against the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, disclosed this on Monday in Abuja, at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF), briefing on COVID-19 in the country.… April 6, 2020 In "Health" The Presidential Task Force, (PTF) on COVID-19 is developing a National Policy on mandatory use of face masks by Nigerians. Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha, who is also the Chairman of the task force made this known in Abuja during the daily news conference by… April 10, 2020 In "News" From: Moses Emorinken, Abuja As a result of global shortages of personal protective equipment (PPE), especially the dearth in the availability of face masks, the federal government has encouraged Nigerians to improvise with homemade face masks, handkerchiefs or scarfs, to shield themselves from contracting the coronavirus (COVID-19) infection. The Minister… April 13, 2020 In "News"