By Nathan Nwakamma  Yenagoa  –   The oil spill at Angiama community in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area in Bayelsa in March has been traced to equipment failure, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. The spill reportedly emanated from Well No. 13 at the oilfield operated by Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) at Angiama, a coastal settlement by the Nun River. According to a source, who participated in the Joint Investigative Visit (JIV) to probe the cause of the leak, which discharged a yet to be ascertained volume of crude into the environment, both regulators and the oil firm agree on the cause of the incident. Mr Johnbull Edward, the Chairman, Angiama Community Development Committee said Joint Investigation Visit (JIV) conducted on the spill by the officials of SPDC, regulators and the community representatives indicated it was caused by equipment failure. JIV is a statutory team convened after any leak by operator, regulators, community and government representatives to ascertain the cause and quantity of oil leakage from oil spills. Edward said that the pollution of the community farmlands and waterways resulted from equipment failure in the Oil Well 13 operated by the SPDC in the area. He said that the leak was noticed on March 27, and reported accordingly. According to him, the JIV was carried out one week after the incident took place following reports by the community. “We came here with the JIV team in connection with the cause of the spill. “After everything, we held a meeting at Shell’s Nun River Flow Station. And they told us, including the regulators, that the spill occurred as a result of equipment failure. “Shell also told us it was equipment failure, so that conclusion was unanimous. “Since then, we have been hoping; we told them that they should come and do the clean-up because it is affecting our people. People can no longer drink the water.” Edward said that the community had since been waiting for the spills response team from the oil firm to commence oil recovery and clean-up activities to no avail leaving the impacted areas to deteriorate. NAN checks at SPDC’s oil spills website revealed no record of the incident at Angiama but indicated that SPDC recorded two spills in the month of March. The incident of March 5 was an operational spill, while that of March 16 was caused by sabotage according to the JIV report on the web portal. When contacted for a response, Mr Bamidele Odugbesan, Media Relations Manager at SPDC declined comment. (NAN) Prepares For Final Phase Of JIV (Sundiata Post) – The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC) on Friday said it confirmed four leak points on its 24” Trans Ramos Pipeline in the swamps of Western Niger Delta. The company said in a statement that as soon as the… May 25, 2018 In "Business" Ekeremor   -     Residents of Agoro Community in Ekeremor Local Government Area of Bayelsa on Monday berated the poor and slow response to an oil spill from shell’s oilfield in the area. They appealed to the Federal and Bayelsa governments to come to their aid over the spill incident and compel… June 18, 2018 In "Metro" Yenagoa-The Bayelsa Government on Sunday decried the incessant pollution of its communities due to the exploitation of oil and gas in the state by multinational companies. The government warned that any oil company which operations resulted in the pollution of the environment would be made to face the consequences in… April 19, 2015 In "News"