Juba  –  The World Health Organisation (WHO) has declared an outbreak of yellow fever in the southern part of South Sudan. The UN health agency said, in a statement, that two cases were identified in Kajo-keji, a region bordering Uganda, where an outbreak of the viral haemorrhagic disease was detected early this year. WHO warned that the risk of ongoing and further transmission of yellow fever is a concern in South Sudan due to spontaneous return of displaced persons from Uganda. There are also concerns of gaps in surveillance and weaknesses in health services, ongoing travel restrictions imposed because of the COVID-19 and the onset of the rainy season, which provides a favourable breeding ground for mosquitos that spread the virus. “Epidemic spread of yellow fever is a risk in South Sudan as the estimated overall population immunity is negligible with nearly zero per cent immunity in Kajo Keji,’’ WHO said. To respond to the outbreak, the Ministry of Health of South Sudan, with support from the WHO, planned to launch a reactive vaccination campaign in the affected region. It also proposed the implementation of preventive mass vaccination campaigns by 2022. South Sudan has experienced several yellow fever outbreaks in the past few years. The country’s worst yellow fever outbreak occurred in May 2003, when a total of 178 cases with 27 deaths were reported in the Imatong region. (Xinhua/NAN) Source Juba -  The World Health Organisation (WHO), said it has strengthened disease detection and response in war-torn South Sudan to help prevent further disease spread. Abdulmumini Usman, WHO Representative in South Sudan, said in Juba on Wednesday that the agency was working to detect and respond to multiple disease outbreaks.… November 17, 2016 In "Health" Some 2,000 healthcare and frontline workers in South Sudan are to be offered Ebola vaccines to try to stop any importation of the viral disease from an epidemic in Congo, the World Health Organization said on Monday. South Sudan is one of the three countries - with Uganda and Rwanda… December 10, 2018 In "Foreign" By Stephanie Nebehay GENEVA   - Outbreaks of deadly yellow fever in Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo do not constitute a global health emergency but require stepped-up control measures and mass vaccination, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Thursday. The disease, which has a high fatality rate,… May 20, 2016 In "Health"