Normal life will stay on hold until a virus vaccine becomes available in about 18 months, officials said last night. Advice to work from home and stay in for seven days if you have symptoms will probably still be in place next year. Ministers want to lift the most restrictive parts of the lockdown, including school and shop closures, within weeks. But senior Government sources say the only true ‘exit strategy’ is a vaccine or a cure. Until then, the UK will have to adjust to a ‘new normal’. An official last night told The Telegraph that social distancing measures that have been placed upon Britons could be ‘indefinite’. Official plans to encourage social distancing on a long term, voluntary basis, have also been discussed, as the government continues to hold talks on how long Britons can cope with the current measures. Some measures, such as remote working, could be left in place for longer. Dominic Raab, standing in for the Prime Minister while he is sick, has said it is ‘too early’ to lift the full lockdown, which will be formally extended next Thursday for several weeks. Scientists expect the restrictions to be phased out gradually. They say some will stay in place until there is a vaccine – which they expect to take 18 months – to prevent infection levels soaring again. Health Secretary Matt Hancock last night admitted the economic impact of the lockdown will cause deaths. Ministers want to strike a balance between controlling the epidemic and mitigating damage caused by the lockdown. Rules which inflict the most harm, such as the closure of schools and small firms, will be relaxed first. But a source leading the Government’s response said other effective measures not as damaging to the economy will have to become ’embedded’. dailymail.co.uk Another 980 patients have died in the UK after contracting coronavirus - surpassing Spain's highest daily total of 961. Health Secretary Matt Hancock told the daily news conference a total of 8,958 people have now died in hospital. Earlier NHS England said 866 people died in England, taking the total… April 10, 2020 In "Foreign" Dominic Raab read the riot act to Britons ahead of the sunny Easter weekend tonight saying lockdown must stay in force until the coronavirus outbreak peaks. The Foreign Secretary appealed to the public to keep following social distancing rules as he took the daily Downing Street briefing, insisting there will… April 9, 2020 In "Foreign" The number of US coronavirus cases surged by more than 14,000 in just a few hours Wednesday as the death toll topped 4,400. As of Wednesday afternoon, more than 210,000 people in the United States have been infected, and at least 4,669 have died.Now, more data showing people without symptoms… April 1, 2020 In "News"