Lagos State has recorded one more death from COVID-19. According to the state’s Health Commissioner, Prof Akin Abayomi, the patient died of COVID-19 complications in a private hospital in Lagos. Abayomi revealed this via his verified Twitter handle on Saturday morning while giving an update on coronavirus in the state. Lagos already has 166 confirmed cases of coronavirus in the state with four deaths recorded so far and 46 discharged after full recovery. He wrote on Twitter, “Eight new cases of COVID-19 infections on April 10, 2020. This brings the total number of confirmed cases in Lagos State to 166. “Three of the confirmed cases have been transferred to Ogun State which is their place of residence. “However, additional seven COVID-19 patients, who have fully recovered, have been discharged after testing negative twice. “The total number of COVID-19 patients discharged in Lagos State is now 46. “We are however saddened by the death of another patient from COVID-19 related complications in a private hospital in Lagos. “Please keep obeying social distancing rules to stay safe.” The Lagos State Government has announced that a 36-year-old man died of coronavirus in the state. The Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the announcement via his Twitter handle on Sunday. He said that the Nigerian died on Saturday in a private facility. Abayomi confirmed the death as… April 5, 2020 In "News" As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News" According to Babajide Sanwo-Olu, governor of the state who broke the news, the patient, a female, was discharged on Tuesday. Sanwo-Olu said the state is resolute in its resolve to fight the coronavirus and asked residents to stay at home for their safety. “Dear Lagosians, I announce with immense joy,… April 7, 2020 In "News"