A staffer of the World Health Organisation, Bauchi State Office has tested positive for coronavirus, The PUNCH reports. The new case brings the total number of active cases in the state to two. The Executive Chairman, Bauchi State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr. Rilwan Mohammed, disclosed this in a telephone interview with our correspondent in Bauchi about 5.20 pm on Sunday. Responding to enquiries, he said the result of the patient was gotten in the state at 4.00 pm on Sunday from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Abuja. He said the WHO staffer returned to Bauchi after having close contact with a positive case in Kano State. Mohammed told The PUNCH, “Yes, it is true, we have an additional case in the state, the result was sent to me around 4 pm today. He is the contact of a positive patient in Kano. “He is a staff of WHO in Bauchi but we don’t want to mention his name because it is against the ethics of the medical profession. He went to Kano and had contact with a Professor in Kano that is positive. “He started having symptoms three days ago, then yesterday (Saturday) we took his samples and sent it to Abuja for confirmation and it was returned this afternoon. It is positive. “We have decontaminated the UNICEF and the WHO offices and sealed them. We have taken samples of seven people he had close contact with. They are about 15 contacts that we are tracing and we are going to take their samples.” Source A suspected case of coronavirus has been recorded in Jos North Local Government Area of Plateau, Commissioner for Health, Dr Nimkong Ndam said. In an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Jos, he said the suspect is an aide of Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi that… March 29, 2020 In "Health" There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health" As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News"