Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele is back and she is spreading the word on the importance of maintaining social distancing in the fight against Coronavirus. Earlier this month, Funke Akindele got into trouble after throwing a house party to celebrate her husband JJC Skillz birthday with over 20 people in attendance, including Naira Marley, Babatunde Gbadamosi, his wife and several others during the Lagos state lockdown. The actress and others identified at the party were arrested and charged to court. She and her husband were ordered to pay a fine of N100,000 each and 14 days community service for defying the social distancing order of the Lagos state government. However Funke Akindele has revealed that the incident was a learning curve for her and she decided to use her voice this time to encourage maintaining social distancing and compliance with the stay at home (lockdown) order by the Lagos state government. She shared a video to this effect with caption; #covid19 is real!!! Let’s all #StayatHome and #staysafe #thiswillpass by the grace of God!! pic.twitter.com/8dUytmTuea Source A former Lagos Governorship aspirant, Babatunde Gbadamosi has said it was wrong for him to have attended a house party that actress, Funke Akindele organized for her husband, JJC Skillz 43rd birthday at their residence in Amen Estate in Lagos on Saturday, April 4. He asked for forgiviness. Recall that… April 6, 2020 In "News" The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, on Sunday denied reports that actress Funke Akindele also known as Jenifa, was its brand ambassador. The revelation is coming at a time the Lagos State Police Command arrested the actress for hosting a house party that contravened the lockdown order of the government.… April 6, 2020 In "News" By reporters Ikeja - An Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday Sentenced Nollywood star, Funke Akindele, and her husband, AbdulRasheed Bello, to 14 days community service each for violating social distancing regulation of Lagos State. The couple had admitted guilt before Chief Magistrate Yewande Aje-Afunwa during arraignment on Monday. Aje-Afunwa… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"