Denver Broncos linebacker and MVP of Super Bowl 50, Von Miller, 31, has tested positive for Coronavirus, his team announced in a statement. “After experiencing flu-like symptoms, Denver Broncos linebacker Von Miller has tested positive for COVID-19,” the statement says. “Von has elected to share his diagnosis publicly to emphasize that anyone can be afflicted with coronavirus. “Von is doing well and recovering at home in self-isolation. He remains under the care of team doctors, who are following all coronavirus treatment procedures to ensure a safe environment for Von and our community. “Von is the first member of the Broncos’ organization known to have tested positive for COVID-19.” Confirming the diagnosis, Miller told NBC affiliate KUSA of Denver: “It’s true, I’ve just been here in the crib, and I started to get a little cough. You know, I have asthma, and I started getting a little cough a couple days ago. My girlfriend, she told me when I was asleep, she said, my cough, it didn’t sound normal.” Miller said he’s still in a good mood and not in any obvious pain. “I’m not sure what’s going on, but I tell you what, I’m in good spirits. I’m still Von,” he told KUSA. “I’m not feeling sick or hurting or anything like that.” Source By Michael Brice-Saddler  While every case is different, the telltale symptoms of the novel coronavirus have been widely agreed upon — a high fever, persistent cough or shortness of breath. In the most severe instances, those afflicted have reported confusion or difficulty breathing, and sometimes, anxiety is the most prevailing… March 24, 2020 In "News" As the coronavirus pandemic spreads globally, claiming thousands of lives, notable names are among those taken by the deadly virus. Read more about them ahead. For more information on lives that were lost to the COVID-19 and the latest updates on confirmed cases in the U.S., expert health advice and… April 1, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari has tested positive to coronavirus, ThisDay reports. It also said President Muhammadu Buhari has tested negative for the COVID-19 virus (Coronavirus), following a test for the disease that was carried out yesterday on the president by the Nigeria… March 24, 2020 In "News"