ABUJA – Amid growing concern that Fifth Generation Mobile Networks, popularly called 5G has very negative health implications, the Nigerian government has denied issuing any 5G licence.The Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Pantami, in a statement issued on Saturday and sent to Sundiata Post, clarified on what the government has done with respect to 5G. Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, a known critic of the Buhari Administration, had earlier on Saturday, taken to his Twitter handle to call on President Muhammadu Buhari not to implement 5G in Nigeria.https://sundiatapost.com/covid-19-dont-allow-5g-in-nigeria-and-dont-accept-face-masks-from-china-fani-kayode-tells-buhari/ Pantami’s statement reads: The attention of my office has been drawn to the public concern about the health implications of the deployment of Fifth Generation Mobile Networks (5G) in Nigeria. Based on available records at my office and the earlier report received from the regulator, I would like to clarify as follows: i. The National Frequency Management Council (NFMC), of which I am the Chairman, has not deliberated on or released any bulk frequency spectrum for the deployment of 5G; ii. No license has been issued for the deployment of 5G in the country; iii. A 3-month study trial commenced on the 25th of November, 2019 in order to critically review and study the health and security implications of deploying 5G in Nigeria; iv. As part of the study trial process, I directed the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to ensure that a team of experts, security agencies and other stakeholders fully participate in the trial process and my office also invited these agencies to participate in the trial; and v. The trial process has been concluded and the study and reporting process is currently ongoing. His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, places a premium on the welfare, health and security of Nigerians.  As such, our desire for technological advancement will never be at the expense of the health and welfare of our citizens. Government will not act on the speculations only, but rather we will take an informed decision on 5G after due consultation with experts and the public.  I have also directed the NCC to engage citizens on any questions or concerns they may have regarding 5G. I wish to thank the general public for reaching out to us on this issue.  We advise you all to remain rest assured that government will always take the welfare, health and security of the public into account while considering the deployment of any technology. Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy4th of April 2020 •Femi Fani-Kayode ABUJA - Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari not to allow the introduction of Fifth Generation (5G) telecommunication technology in Nigeria. In a post he made on his Twitter handle on Saturday morning, the former minister also advised Buhari to refrain from… April 4, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday commended the Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC) for the advancement being witnessed in the telecommunication sector as he also endorsed the trial of 5-G technology at the MTN first live demo of 5G network in Abuja.Minister of Communications and Digital… November 25, 2019 In "News" Nigeria will derive huge socio-economic benefits from commercial deployment of the Fifth Generation (5G) Networks, which will come with great potentials that will bolster Nigeria’s socio economic ecosystem for quantifiable growth. The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) stated this during a discussion with a broad spectrum of participants mostly made up… March 2, 2020 In "News"