By Wale Abydeen The Armed Forces of Nigeria (AFN) has debunked the media reports indicating that air strikes conducted by the Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE at Shokotoko Village in Damboa Local Government Area of Borno State on Thursday, 9 April 2020, inadvertently led to the deaths of some civilians.The operation, according to coordinator of Defence Media Operations, Major General John Enenche was conducted on the night of 9 April and early hours of 10 April 2020, was based on credible intelligence reports, obtained from land forces and other security agencies as well as reliable. The The Major General added that vetted informants, which confirmed that the target location was occupied solely by Boko Haram Terrorists was also perused before the operation.“the attack helicopter that executed the mission was accompanied by an Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) aircraft to ensure proper targeting for avoidance of collateral damage. Besides, it must be noted that, Nigerian Air Force (NAF) pilots, by training and in line with extant Rules of Engagement (ROEs) for the operation, do not attack any location if it is observed that non-combatants, especially women and children, are present. In such cases, the pilots would rather return to Base with their ammunition unexpended. Consequently, on the strength of the foregoing, the location was considered a legitimate target”.“Nevertheless, to allay public concerns occasioned by the aforementioned media reports, an investigation is being carried out and subsequent actions will be taken in line with extant regulations and best practices, while remaining accountable to the Nigerian people”, Enenche statedThe defense spokesman reassures the general public that the AFN, in keeping with its professional responsibility, will continue to work assiduously to rid the North East of all terrorist elements with a view to facilitating a return to normalcy that would enable Nigerians in the area pursue their legitimate aspirations. Source: Security Monitor •Maj.-Gen. John Enenche MAIDUGURI - Suspected local informants were alleged to have leaked movements of Nigerian troops to Boko Haram terrorists after a successful military operation in Alagarno axis of Borno State. The terrorists used the information provided by their local collaborators to stage an ambush and shot at military… March 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Defence Headquarters on Tuesday gave the figure of the soldiers killed in the Monday ambush as 47, contrary to reports that 70 soldiers were killed by the Boko Haram terrorist. The DHQ also placed the figure of wounded soldiers at 15. Giving details of the ambush that took place… March 24, 2020 In "News" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - Troops of Sector II Operation “DELTA SAFE” have arrested three sea robbers and killed one suspect in a gun battle in Bayelsa. Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, the Coordinator,Defence Media Operation disclosed this during a news conference on Wednesday in Abuja. He said the notorious sea robbery… April 8, 2020 In "News"