By Nasir Bashir Dutse  –  The Jigawa Branch of Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) has donated hand sanitisers and food items worth N450,000 to two Correctional Centres in the state.Mt Bashir Hussaini, the state NBA chairman, said this while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Dutse on Thursday.He said that the gesture was part of NBA’s efforts ensure proper environmental and personal hygiene among inmates, with a view to preventing the spread of Coronavirus in the facilities.“Considering the situation we found ourselves due to COVID-19, the association decided to provide the items to Hadejia and Dutse correctional centres.“We donated 100 pieces of hand sanitisers, cartons of laundry and bath soap, as well as bags of detergent to the two facilities,” he said.The chairman added that the association also sensitised the inmates on social distancing and other preventive measures to prevent them from getting exposed to the Coronavirus.“NBA is an association which is established to uphold the rule of law. So that is why we considered the correctional centres because they are close to the administration of justice. “And this is our contribution toward a safer Nigeria,” he said. (NAN) By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse -  Gov. Muhammad Badaru of Jigawa has facilitated the release of 82 inmates from various prisons in the state, Mr Baffa Alhassan, the state Chairman, Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) said. Alhassan told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Dutse on Friday that the governor paid… March 16, 2018 In "News" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto - The Nigerian Correctional Service (NCS) says it is working closely with Sokoto State Ministry of Health on precautionary measures and awareness campaigns against the spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) in Correction Centres across the state. Mr Bello Umar, the Public Relations Officer of NCS, Sokoto… April 2, 2020 In "Health" By Edeki Igafe Warri (Delta) - Prophet Jeremiah Fufeyin, General Overseer, Christ Mercyland Deliverance Ministry, Effurun, Delta, on Friday donated items worth millions of Naira to the state government. Fufeyin donated the items through his foundation, “Jeremiah Omoto Fufeyin Foundation” at the church premises. Items donated were: Hand sanitisers, Nose… April 3, 2020 In "News"