By Ifeanyi Nwoko Abuja  –  The Federal Government has said that conducting mass testing for Coronavirus in Nigeria would not be feasible now given the nation’s over 200 million population. Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, disclosed this while fielding questions from newsmen after the arrival of the Chinese experts and some equipment in Abuja on Wednesday. He said that government was rather continuing with its targeted testing for those who had been abroad or those who may have come in contact with any positive case. “We have 200 million citizens and mass testing is not something that I think is very feasible now, we are doing targeted testing. “We are targeting those who are likely to have been affected, so we are looking at areas and persons who meet certain criteria that we set. “Criteria of having been abroad, having been in contact with persons who have been abroad or having been in a cluster of places where we have a lot of positives. “Even though it is going into secondary we are doing what is called smart testing in order to identify the cases that are giving us concern,” he said. He said researches were ongoing in many countries and that government would rely on science and advice from WHO to overcome the pandemic. (NAN) By Abujah Racheal Abuja - Dr Solomon Chollom, a Jo’s based Virologist, has called on the Federal Government to increase testing capacity for the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic outbreak in the country. Chollom made the appeal in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja.… April 2, 2020 In "News" Jakarta - Indonesia has begun rapid coronavirus testing after a spike in positive cases and deaths, President Joko Widodo, said on Friday. “Rapid testing is being carried out today for the purpose of contact tracing. “Health workers are going door-to-door to carry out tests,’’ Joko said, adding an area in… March 20, 2020 In "Foreign" ....Asks Civil Servants On GL 12 Below to Stay Home By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government on Monday approved the immediate closure of all land borders that have been hitherto under partial closure ​​for human traffic for four weeks effective, ​​23rd March, 2020 as part of… March 23, 2020 In "Top Stories"