Chad President, Idriss Déby has urged Chadian troops not to allow Nigerian soldiers free captured weapons or Boko Haram terrorists. Déby in a viral video, warned that if they allow Nigerian troops to release the captured Boko Haram members, they will return to Chad and hurt them. According to him, 90 percent of Boko Haram terrorist have been destroyed and the other 10 percent escaped to Niger and Nigeria. He was quoted as saying, “This place will be our zone until Nigeria sends its soldiers. Stay with them for about a month. Do not let them free captured weapons or any Boko Haram terrorists, they will return to Chad and this will just hurt us. “So let them just understand. We are not leaving the situation like this. In the next few days, I will speak with the President of Niger. You guys destroyed at least 90 percent of Boko Haram. That I confirm and can tell the world that 90 percent of Boko Haram is destroyed. “The 10 percent that are left are running everywhere. Some have drowned and some ran to Niger, some to Nigeria but they will never come to Chad again. Chad is no place for Boko Haram.” Recall that Deby had last month led his country’s troop to capture Boko Haram arms store in Sambisa. The Chadian troops had freed Nigerian soldiers formerly in the sect’s captivity. They also destroyed Boko Haram bases, killed several insurgents and recovered hundreds of weapons. See the video below: A post shared by nwachukwu john owen (@realjohn_owen) on Apr 11, 2020 at 6:49am PDT Daily post The Chadian troops have again dealt a major blow on Boko Haram insurgents. This followed the killing of 100 of its members in Magumeri, a local government in the northern part of Borno. Borno is the major hotbed of Boko Haram crisis in Nigeria. According to West Africa Reporters on… April 5, 2020 In "News" The leader of Boko Haram sect, Ibrahim Shekau has cried out after his fighters suffered heavy defeat in the hands of Chadian soldiers during an ambush. Shekau begged the Chadian troops to leave his fighters alone, stressing that God will help the insurgents in their fight. Recall that the Chadian… April 7, 2020 In "News" •Chadian troops The Chadian army said Thursday it had wound up an offensive against Boko Haram jihadists in the Lake Chad border region in which 52 troops and 1,000 jihadists were killed. Army spokesman Colonel Azem Bermendoa Agouna told AFP that the operation, launched after nearly 100 soldiers were killed… April 9, 2020 In "News"