By Chimezie Anaso  Awka  –  The number COVID-19 contacts linked to the only index case in Anambra has hit 39 with three of them living outside the state. Dr Vincent Okpala, Commissioner for Health disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Awka on Thursday. Okpala said the state government had established contact with each of them while it had located where the other three contacts were staying to bring them under control. He said the index case patient was stable and was making progress and cooperating with the government on the tracing of contacts. He said the identities of the patients and hospitals involved could not be disclosed as demanded by the ethics of medicine, but assured that all were safe. “As at Wednesday night, we had 39 contacts out of which three are not resident in Anambra. “We are taking care of the ones here and we have contacted the states where others are staying to follow them up.“We have made contacts with the ones here and are following them up on daily basis, some of them are quarantined in the various protective care centers, others are on self-quarantine but we are monitoring them. “Government has not divulged the identity of any patient, it is our ethical responsibility to protect the identity of these people including the index case and the hospitals. “The important thing is that the index case is stable and the hospitals have been decontaminated, while the contract tracing is ongoing,” he said. Okpala applauded Gov. Willie Obiano for providing the needed support to contain the situation and urged residents of the state to keep to the safety tips including regular hand washing and use of face masks (NAN) By PAMELA EBOH, Awka The Commissioner for Health in Anambra State, Dr. Vincent Okpala, on Monday announced that 29 persons, made up of health workers, relations and business associates of the COVID-19 index case in the state have been traced and quarantined. Addressing journalists in Awka, Okpala revealed that it… April 13, 2020 In "News" There is tension in Anambra State following the alleged disappearance of the coronavirus index case, The Nation reports. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced on Friday that Anambra had recorded a confirmed case. Since then, fear has gripped residents as the index case was said to have visited… April 12, 2020 In "News" Some Masquerades have been arrested in Anambra State for defying a stay-at-home order issued as Nigeria continues to battle the outbreak of Coronavirus. The Anambra State Government had ordered a restriction on movement and closure of markets in the state for 14 days. The Masquerades who flouted the order were… April 14, 2020 In "News"