By Abujah Racheal  Abuja  –   Health Sector Reform Coalition (HSRC), has expressed concern over lifting of bans by some states on some gatherings, including Friday prayers and Easter services against the social distancing policy. The policy was put in place by the Federal Government to curb the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in the country. This was contained in a statement signed by Mike Egboh and Dr Chizoba Wonodi, HSRC COVID-19 Response Task Team Co-chairs respectively, on Friday in Abuja. The co-chairs noted that the lockdown in the Federal Capital Territory, Lagos and similar decision by some governors across the country, was a welcome development that was imperative in containing the spread of COVID-19 and avoiding the high number of deaths that could follow. They expressed worry that lifting of the ban could have disastrous effects on the health system and economy, as witnessed in countries like the U.S., Italy, Spain and UK, among others. “HSRC with its membership of over 100 non-governmental actors, working to improve health care and development across every state in Nigeria, recognises and respects the importance of worship and religious celebrations to us Nigerians. “We acknowledge and value the role of religious leaders and faith-based organisations in providing spiritual support through faith for their followers in a healthy and safe environment,” the statement read in part. The HSRC further appreciated the socio-economic difficulties being faced by Nigerians over the lockdown in the country saying: “Unfortunately, options are limited for now in the best ways to fight the spread. “Scientific evidence and experience from developed and developing countries reinforce that avoiding crowd, physical distancing, hand washing and respiratory hygiene, are still the best ways to prevent the spread and associated deaths,” HSRC advised. (NAN) •Federal Government-ordered in FCT and Lagos and Ogun states; Empty roads in Nigeria By Emma Reynolds Coronavirus lockdowns across the globe should not be completely lifted until a vaccine for the disease is found, according to a study based on China's outbreak published in medical journal The Lancet. China's draconian… April 9, 2020 In "Features" In his broadcast to the nation on Sunday, March 29, 2020, President Muhammadu Buhari declared that “in Nigeria’s fight against COVID-19, there is no such thing as an overreaction or under-reaction. It is all about the right reaction by the right agencies and trained experts.” Lest we forget, below is… April 1, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - A civil society coalition, the Action Group on Free Civic Space has expressed concern over human rights abuses perpetrated by law enforcement agents in a bid to enforce the coronavirus lockdown. In a statement sent to Sundiata Post on Saturday, the coalition condemned the killing of Joseph Pessu… April 5, 2020 In "News"