A Nigerian police officer has narrated how he was able to help a woman with hunger challenges over the coronavirus lockdown in Lagos state. The officer identified as Edward Onoriode disclosed that he met the woman and her daughter who were walking towards Ikeja while on his way to work this morning. The woman opened up to him that she has been feeding on garri and she was trekking to Maryland to see her sister if she could offer her some cash. The woman also disclosed that she sold drinks in traffic before the lockdown, but can’t anymore since she feeds from the interest she makes from her daily sales. Onoriode said he gave the woman money he withdrew from a nearby ATM before dropping her off at Maryland. He wrote; On my way to the office this morning, I saw this middle age woman & her daughter walking towards Ikeja. So, I slowed down & gave them a lift since I’m heading towards their direction. On our way, I asked the woman where she’s heading to in this Lockdown, she said Maryland. I further asked her why she’s going to Maryland bcoz she look so disturbed and unsettled. In her words “I want to go & see my sister if she can borrow me money so me & my daughter can get something to eat.” I was so touched. She continued; “Throughout yesterday, we drank garri & the garri was given to us by my neighbour. I can’t keep begging for garri bcoz my neighbour is also managing. So, I decided to trek to Maryland to see if my elder sister can lend me N5000 so we can manage to feed ourselves” I then asked her; “Before the Lockdown, what do you do for a living?” She said she and her daughter sells Drinks and Water in Traffic. But due to the Lockdown, she can’t sell and if she doesn’t sell, she can’t feed. Meaning,she feed from the interest she gets daily. I asked her if she has a bank account. She said; ” I never open account. Na my Neighbour account I dey use if dem wan send me money and i no sabi her account number.” I had to drive to the nearest ATM spot at Ikeja, withdraw some money, hand over to her & drop her at Maryland. Truth is, people are really suffering. For the few of us who have what to eat at anytime even if the Lockdown is extended to another two months should do the little we can to assist those who doesn’t have. I can’t count the number of people who call me daily asking for money just to feed. Things are really hard. At this point, the govt need to do something ASAP to relieve the suffering of the people else, things will get out of hand in days to come if this Lockdown continues. There are a lot of people that can’t feed if they don’t hustle. Source According to a report by Punch Metro, an ex-policeman, Ogwu Christian, has been arrested for allegedly killing his fiancée’s mother, Veronica Obiejieogo, over the cancellation of their wedding date. Christian reportedly shot the 45-year-old woman dead at short range while she was walking along a street in her village in Delta… June 22, 2019 In "Metro" According to a report by The Nation, the Nigerian Police in Cross River State, recorded another feat in Calabar, the State capital as they raided a hideout for a gang of kidnappers; a story building located off Etta Agbor Street, in the heart of the town. A businesswoman who was… March 6, 2020 In "Metro" Residents of some communities in the Federal Capital Territory, Ogun and Lagos states on Sunday violated the President, Muhammadu Buhari’s lockdown order. On Saturday and Sunday, PUNCH observed that although there was compliance with the order within the Abuja metropolis, residents of its suburbs who cited hunger,went out contrary to… April 6, 2020 In "News"