By Mateen Badru  Lagos – Warner Media, a leading media and entertainment company on Friday announced partnership with Nigeria’s Trending Media (TMA) to diversify both company’s stream. Trending Media Africa (TMA) is one of Nigeria’s leading media sales representatives for satellite TV, radio and other related media platforms with a cumulative experience spanning over 50 years. According to a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), this partnership would diversify Warner Media’s business streams and offer TMA clients, access to advertising solutions on several American blockbuster movie channels. NAN reports that Warner Media is an American entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content through its consumer brands including; HBO, Warner Bros, TNT, TBS, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim and others. Guillaume Coffin, VP Head of Commercial and Business Development Turner France, Africa & Israel while commending the partnership said it would offer clients more value. “Our wide portfolio allows us to target a large array of segments from young adults to families, kids. We can, therefore, offer clients a fully integrated advertising offering on our channels. “We know that clients are looking for fully integrated advertising packages which Warner Media is now able to do in Nigeria through our TMA partnership. “With TMA’s expertise and its ability to bringing game-changing innovation coupled with trade marketing flair, we are convinced that with this new partnership, we will bring more value to clients.” he said. Julius Osumah, Managing Partner, Operations at TMA also expressed the company’s excitement on the partnership, adding that it would help deliver best returns. “We are excited to partner with the world’s leading media and entertainment giant. “Nigeria is a vibrant market that holds a lot of growth potential for the brand, and, we will work closely with Warner Media to deliver the best returns.” he said. “TMA is now representing Warner Media’s channels in Nigeria, giving clients access to a broader distribution with its kids’ channels and movie destination TNT, being available across DStv’s Family and Premium offerings. “At the same time, Cartoon Network and TNT are accessible to GOtv subscribers on GOtv MAX and TNT also featuring on the GOtv Jolli package. “Following the new partnership, Cartoon Network and Boomerang will be bringing more fresh content to their channels as well as exciting line-up with great blockbusters.” it read. (NAN)