A pregnant nurse has died from coronavirus five days after her baby was saved by an emergency C-section, Sun UK has reported. The woman identified as Mary Agyapong, 28, who “devoted her life to the NHS”, was taken to hospital on Tuesday last week showing signs of the killer disease and later tested positive for Covid-19. Her condition quickly worsened and it is understood the decision to perform an emergency caesarean was made shortly after she was admitted. She died at Luton and Dunstable Hospital on Easter Sunday. Her newborn daughter, also named Mary, has been hailed as a “beacon of light at this very dark time”. However, it is not known if the child also has coronavirus. Bedfordshire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust confirmed Mary was one of its nurses. Chief executive David Carter said: “Mary worked here for five years and was a highly valued and loved member of our team, a fantastic nurse and a great example of what we stand for in this trust. “She tested positive for Covid-19 after being tested on April 5 and was admitted to the hospital on April 7. “Our thoughts and deepest condolences are with Mary’s family and friends at this sad time.” Source A heavily pregnant nurse who tested positive for Covid-19 has died after doctors managed to save her baby. Mary Agyeiwaa Agyapong, 28, passed away on Sunday after undergoing an emergency caesarean to deliver her daughter at Luton and Dunstable hospital. The little girl has been named after her mother, according… April 16, 2020 In "Foreign" A pregnant nurse and a father-of-two hospital consultant have died after catching coronavirus - bringing the death toll of NHS workers to 44. The nurse died on Sunday aged 28 after undergoing an emergency caesarean to deliver and save her baby daughter. While father-of-two Dr Peter Tun, 62, died in… April 15, 2020 In "Foreign" A 99-year-old Second World War veteran has thanked NHS staff after recovering from coronavirus. Albert Chambers, who turns 100 in July, was given a guard of honour from nurses at Tickhill Road Hospital in Doncaster after overcoming COVID-19. NHS North East and Yorkshire posted a video of Mr Chambers at… April 10, 2020 In "Foreign"