Katsina has recorded two additional positive cases, bringing the total active cases to nine in the state. The Chairman, Katsina State Covid-19 Emergency Response Committee, Manner Yakubu stated this on Friday at a press briefing at Government House Katsina The Nation recalled the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on its twitter handle announced seven cases for the state as at Thursday night. But it was gathered two additional cases in contact with the positive persons were recorded. Mannir, who also doubles as Deputy Governor, said the committee had received four additional positive cases on April 16. He said ‘’The state initially had seven positive cases but the number rose to nine following test outcomes of the two new cases. ‘’Of the four new cases, three were from Daura via a community transmission from one of the contacts to the state’s index case’’ He added that the other victim is a resident of Dutsinma Local Government Area council area, who recently returnedfrom Lagos. He also disclosed that the committee had been able to raise more than N207 million through donations witu another N33.5 million in pledges pending from donors. Mannir added that seven proposed isolation centres have been identified in Daura, Baure, Funtua, Malumfashi, Dutsinma, Kankia and Jibia council areas, to complement the ones in the state capital. He said the committee had trained 66 medical personnel for the proposed isolation centres, at the cost of N3.7 million. The Nation As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News" Coronavirus cases have risen from three to eight on Wednesday fuelling fears of the epidemic of the disease in the country. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, at a press conference in Abuja, said four of the five new cases were in Lagos State, while one was in Ekiti… March 19, 2020 In "News" By Habibu Umar Aminu, Katsina   KATSINA - A private medical practitioner of Kogi State origin based in Daura, Katsina State, Dr Aliyu Yakubu, has died from the coronavirus disease. Dr Yakubu, aged over 60 years, died three days ago. He is said to have travelled to his home state, Kogi,… April 8, 2020 In "News"