ABUJA (Sponsored Post) – On 31 March 2020, the Management of FIRS had a virtual meeting, following the Federal Government’s lockdown of FCT, Lagos, and Ogun States on 29th March 2020 as one of the measures to contain the spread of Corona Virus, COVID – 19. We discussed specifically the necessity of FIRS  to remain committed to supporting the Taxpayers to continue to thrive even when faced with the pressure of generating increased tax revenue for the Government. Throughout the days and months ahead, we want to reassure you that supporting Nigeria’s diverse and dynamic businesses through this uncertain time is our topmost priority. The response to the current situation is evolving rapidly, with advice and guidance changing daily. In the meantime, FIRS has setup a number of measures to provide support to TaxPayers in managing their tax obligations as they are impacted by the coronavirus outbreak. These are: I commend the businesses that have made commitments, some of which have been followed through with payments. I thank you for your demonstration of uncommon patriotism. My team and I are committed to, as a priority, providing support to all Taxpayers as directed by President Muhammadu Buhari  in his lockdown speech of Sunday 29th March 2020. We will keep you updated with information specific to Taxpayers as it becomes expedient and on how the Service can continue to support you while we maintain essential services in these trying times. For further advice please contact asheikh.maidugu@firs.gov.ng Muhammadu Nami Executive Chairman On March 29, 2020, the Executive Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr. Muhammad Mamman Nami, clocked 100 days in office at the FIRS. Following multiple media requests to mark the day,  as is the norm globally, Mr. Nami fielded questions from a select panel of media practitioners , in… April 6, 2020 In "Interview" By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja, March 21, 2020 (NAN) The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) on Saturday debunked rumours that its staff has tested positive to coronavirus. Mr Abdullahi Ismaila, Director, Communications and Liaison Department, said this in a statement obtained by News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. He said… March 21, 2020 In "News" By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja - The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has unveiled a new Electronic and Automated platform for taxpayers to file transfer pricing declaration and disclosures with a view to block leakage in tax collection in the country. The FIRS made this known in a statement issued by… March 18, 2020 In "News"