The Nation reports that property worth several millions of naira were on Saturday destroyed when a newly established online radio station, Agidigbo Radio, reportedly went up in flames at Monatan , area of Ibadan . The incident which drew hundreds of residents , also caused stir as people ran in fear of the fire spreading to other buildings in the area. The radio station, located at Montanan, Ibadan, was said to have been under locks and keys as of the time of the incident. The proprietor of Agidigbo FM is Dr. Oriyomi Hamzat, a popular broadcaster in the city. The Director, Oyo State Fire Service, Moshood Adewuyi, said the fire station was alerted around 11am. According to him, the firemen were mobilised to the scene following a distress call by residents of the community in the early hours of Saturday. Adewuyi said, “It is true that the studio of the online radio station caught fire this morning; the place was under locks and keys on the arrival of our men. None of the workers of the radio station was around at the time of the outbreak. “You know, a studio is always padded with foam. That aggravated the fire.” Asked of the extent of damage at the radio station, he said, “We cannot quantify that. The transmitter; the studio equipment; and office materials at the station were damaged by the inferno. “The people around there alerted us around 11am. One man was electrocuted. But, thank God, it was not much. “What happened was that as soon as our men arrived at the scene, we directed our control room to instruct the Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company to cut power supply to the area. “Without getting supply from us, they restored power supply to the area. Majority of the people were already wet, and you know, water is a conductor of electricity. But thank God there was no casualty.” Source IBADAN - Properties worth millions of naira were lost in a fire incident at the Supply and Transport [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Corps Barracks of the Nigerian Army at Eleyele, Ibadan, on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that no fewer than 23 apartments were burnt in the incident. An… January 24, 2015 In "News" By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa - Radio Bayelsa `Glory FM 97.1’ in Yenagoa which went off-air following a fire incident that destroyed its studios and broadcast equipment on July 2, has resumed test transmission. The General Manager, Dr John Idumange, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of… July 8, 2019 In "News" By Peter Uwumarogie Gombe - some hoodlums suspected to be political thugs have attacked Lafiyawo community in Gombe State, destroying  a private radio station, Progress FM, located along Gombe Airport Road. The correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) who visited the scene on Sunday reports that eight shops… March 3, 2019 In "News"