The Nigerian police have paraded on Twitter @PoliceNG four men it claims are part of an eight-man gang that killed Mrs Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Reuben Fasoranti, a leader of Afenifere, pan-Yoruba socio-political group. Olakunrin was shot dead in Ore, Ondo State while heading for Lagos in June 2019. Frank Mba, force public relations officer, also broke the news of the arrest of the suspects, saying investigation revealed that the operation that led to the killing of Olakunrin was carried out by eight kidnap suspects. He listed the suspects as Lawal Mazaje from Felele area of Kogi state; Adamu Adamu from Jada area of Adamawa state; Mohammed Usman from Illela area of Sokoto state; Auwal Abubakar from Shinkafi area of Zamfara state. “Meanwhile, after months of relentless efforts to apprehend the killers, the Police Team, on 4th March 2020 during a follow-up action on a case of a high-profile armed robbery and kidnap for ransom that occurred in Ogun State, arrested one Auwal Abubakar ‘m’ 25yrs, an accessory after the fact of the crime, along Sagamu-Ore expressway in Ondo State,’” he said. “The arrest of Auwal Abubakar led to the arrest of two (2) other members of the gang, Mohammed Shehu Usman and Lawal Mazaje in Benin, Edo State from whom cache of ammunition was recovered and one other Adamu Adamu in Akure, Ondo State. “Having established sufficient physical and forensic evidence linking the suspects to the killing of Mrs Funke Olakunrin, the investigators, determined to clear all doubts relating to their findings, on 8th April 2020, conducted an Identification Parade at the Federal SARS Headquarters, Lagos which led to the positive and physical identification of three (3) suspects, Adamu Adamu, Lawal Mazaje and Mohammed Shehu Usman by a survivor of the earlier crime. “The survivor gave a clear description of the roles each of the identified suspects played in the killing. At this point, the suspects capitulated and voluntarily offered a no-holds-barred confession on how Mrs Funke Olakunrin was killed. “Investigations so far reveal that the operation that led to the killing was carried out by eight (8) fully armed kidnap/robbery suspects led by one Tambaya (other name unknown) who is currently at large. While four (4) of the suspects (mentioned above) are in custody, effort is being intensified to arrest the four (4) others still on the run. “The 8-man gang has their operational base and membership spread in the south-western part of the country and Edo State. Investigations have also revealed that they are responsible for series of high-profile armed robbery and kidnap operations in the region. They also attack, vandalize and steal components of critical national infrastructures such as electrical and telecommunications installations. “Consequently, the Inspector General of Police hereby declares the principal suspect, Tambaya (other names unknown) wanted for his involvement in the death of Mrs Funke Olakunrin. Tambaya, a Nigerian, speaks Hausa, Fulfulde and Pidgin English languages. “He is fair in complexion and in his late 20s – between the age of 27 and 30. His last known address is Isanlu, Kogi State. He has visible scar from stitches on his forehead down to his nose and mouth. “Meanwhile, the IGP appreciates Nigerians for the patience and support to the Police throughout the period of the investigations into the unfortunate incident. He assures that the suspects will be diligently prosecuted on completion of investigations and that the Force will not relent until every member of the gang, still at large, is arrested and brought to book.” •Late Mrs Funke Olakunrin ABUJA - The police say they have arrested some suspects allegedly involved in the killing of Mrs Funke Olakunrin, daughter of the Afenifere leader, Reuben Fasoranti. A spokesman for the Ondo State Police Command, Mr Femi Joseph, confirmed this on Monday. According to him, the suspects… July 16, 2019 In "Top Stories" ...As Obasanjo, Jonathan Condemn Killing, Task Security Agents Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his government would spare no effort in apprehending the killers of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin. He gave the assurance on Saturday when he put a call across to Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti… July 14, 2019 In "News" A Southwest group, Yoruba Youth Socio-cultural Association (YYSA), has expressed shock over the killing of Mrs. Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Afenifere Chairman, Pa Reuben Fasoranti, by persons suspected to be herdsmen in Ondo State. In a statement signed by its National President, Olalekan Hammed, the group gave the Miyetti Allah… July 13, 2019 In "News"