Tokyo  –   Japanese media and experts have noted that people and logistics in China have begun to regain vitality as the economy begins to show signs of speedy recovery from the impact of COVID-19. Previously, Kokichiro Mio, a researcher at Japan’s NLI Research Institute said that the Chinese government had kept economic activities including production and consumption to the minimum level necessary so as to curb the COVID-19 outbreak. “Now that the epidemic in China is dwindling, China is trying to normalise its economic activities,” he said, noting that the Chinese economy is gradually getting out of a contraction. “If the flow of people and logistics returns to its previous level, the speed of economic recovery will be amazing,’’ he added. According to Nikkei’s report, at least 80 per cent of the Japanese companies surveyed said their factories in China have returned to normal production levels. Kyodo News Agency recently reported that since the end of March, Toyota Motor Corporation’s four vehicle factories in China have all resumed normal operations, with their production capacity recovering to the levels they were before the Chinese New Year holiday. In addition, global logistics also show the recovery momentum in China. Also, according to Orbital Insight, an American satellite-data analysis company, Shanghai has seen a surge in the number of ships leaving its port since mid-March, while inland waterway shipping in cities like Chongqing has also shown growth. Many Japanese companies are pinning their hopes on China to take the lead in global economic recovery, and are anticipating a recovery of domestic demand in the Chinese market. Trend express, a Japanese firm that focuses on China’s consumer market research, used a variety of data to describe the characteristics of China’s “stay-at-home economy” to Japanese companies and assumed that people’s spending habits would change after the pandemic ends. The company said although International Women’s Day, which has been dubbed the “queen’s day” by retailers in China fell amid the outbreak of COVID-19 this year, sales of more than 20,000 brands participating in promotional retail events in China on the day doubled from the previous year, with both old and new brands experiencing a sales surge. According to Takashi Kodama, head of the economic research department at the Daiwa Institute of Research Group, said progress in China’s economic recovery is worthy of attention. He said that if private consumption in China, which is less directly affected by the deterioration of the global economy, could recover quickly, it would give hope to other countries, as well as the global financial markets. Jin Jianmin, a senior fellow at the Fujitsu Research Institute in Tokyo, said that the Chinese government and information technology companies had worked closely to combat COVID-19 with advanced technologies, offering an opportunity to enhance the country’s digital economy. He said that the outbreak of the coronavirus had brought challenges to China’s economic development, but only with short-term impact on industries and markets. (Xinhua/NAN) By Ifeanyi Nwoko Unarguably, the new coronavirus (COVID-19) remains the most dreaded ailment that has affected mankind in recent time, in view on its effects on all spheres of life. From healthcare to aviation, oil prices, the stock market, tourism and sports, the virus seems to be crumbling everything on… March 19, 2020 In "News" Nigeria and other oil-producing countries in Africa will lose up to $65 billion in revenues because of the impact of Coronavirus on crude oil sales. The Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) released this figure on the ravaging Coronavirus pandemic in Africa. For Nigeria in particular, the ECA said COVID-19, could… March 24, 2020 In "Business" Beijing - Amid rising COVID-19 cases and deaths globally, many countries have unleashed more anti-virus measures, while international organisations have called for global solidarity in confronting the common challenge of mankind. United Nations Secretary-General, Antonio Guterres, said global solidarity is not only a moral imperative, “it is in everyone’s interests.… March 20, 2020 In "Health"