A medical doctor and Chief Resident of Surgery Department University of Uyo Teaching Hospital (UUTH) in Akwa Ibom State, Dr David Daniel is currently receiving treatment for a broken arm sustained from police brutality. Information reaching News Express has it that the medial doctor was taking his pregnant wife in his car to the hospital at about 5.45pm on Friday and was stopped by the police at a road junction within Uyo, the state capital. The said medical personnel promptly presented his ID card to identify himself but a policeman at the checkpoint became aggressive, hit the doctor’s car and harassed him, in the process broke his left arm around the wrist. According to our source, one of the victim’s colleagues who rushed to the scene of the incident, calls were immediately made to the chairman of Nigeria Medical Association in the state, the state police public relations officer and the chief medical director of UUTH, all of who moved to the scene swiftly. Not satisfied with the settlement gestures made by the Assistant Commissioner of Police who arrived at the scene, the party proceeded to make a formal complaint at the police station. “It was while we were at the police station that the commissioner of police reached out to us on phone and directed that the DPO brings us to his house immediately,” narrated our source. Narrating further, the source said, “The CP (Mr Edgar) apologised profusely for the action of his men. He said he had ordered the process of dismissal of the assailant policeman who was identified as Sergeant Alexander Edidiong from the force, beginning with an inner room trial. The CP also told us he had radioed all DCPs in the state to ensure that no form of harassment is meted on any doctor moving around the state during this period of lockdown and beyond.” According to the colleague, the brutalised doctor is in a private hospital in the state capital where the Association of Resident Doctors (ARD) in the state is arranging for an X-ray and an orthopaedic review for the victim. Meanwhile, the NMA chapter in Akwa Ibom State has issued a statement to its members on the matter, signed by the chairman, Dr Nsikak Paul Nyoyoko, a copy of which is in the custody of News Express. According to the statement, the NMA is very unhappy with the development. “We are in tears with Dr David who is currently in pains with a fractured arm confirmed by an X-ray and we will ensure he is appropriately compensated by the police. We are working closely with ARD UUTH on this matter and would support any measures taken to get justice properly executed.” The statement further said, “NMA Akwa Ibom State would not tolerate any other form of harassment of her members by security personnel and calls on members to immediately report such occurrences to the NMA AKS SOC.” All efforts made by News Express to reach Akwa Ibom PPRO, Oliko Macdon, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), to comment on the matter proved abortive as the line was not reachable as at the time of filing this report. Source: News Express Nigerian Soldier Shoots Civil Servant In Public May 10, 2017 In "Top Stories" Uyo  -   The Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Akwa Ibom Chapter, has condemned the murder of Dr Ivy Umana, Head, Department of Pathology, University of Uyo Teaching Hospital(UUTH). Dr Augustine Umoh, the state chairman of the association, expressed this condemnation on Saturday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… April 23, 2016 In "Health" Uyo -  Resident doctors in University of Uyo Teaching Hospital (UUTH) say the they are still on strike because the management of the hospital has yet to comply with agreement to pay doctors’ entitlements. The National Association of Resident Doctors, UUTH chapter, alleged that the hospital management did not comply… August 7, 2016 In "Health"