A woman has narrated her family troubles and is seeking for answers on how to handle the situation. She suspects her pastor might have done something with her son’s placenta which might be the reason he can’t walk or talk at age two. Read her shared by Cynthia Valerian Raphaels: “My story is a bit lengthy please bear with me. This year will make it five years I got married to my husband, I’m grateful that he trained me in school, which I will round up this year. Within the space of five years, I have two kids for him; he has been a caring father to me and his children. The issue here is that my husband has a pastor who he listens to; anything this pastor tells him he believes without thinking. When I gave birth to my first son, without my permission he gave my son’s placenta to this so called pastor to pray and dispose it for him, till today my first son is two years and some months and he can’t walk or talk. Though I had complications while giving birth to him, but most of the time this placenta issue makes me think twice if this is ordinary or not. My second pregnancy. I told the doctor not to give the placenta to my husband which they obeyed me. This pastor told my husband that I cheated on him with someone in my school and he believed. He was forcing me to tell him the truth, I told my husband I was not a wayward girl while I was single, is it now that I will be wayward? Till today he still believes that I cheated on him. Since last year October, my husband has been mean to me, talks to me anyhow in front of his boys and my cousin sister living with me. Since last year, he wanted my sister to go back because she is always behaving lousy, but I begged him that only me can’t cope with these two children plus school and house duties, he said she must go back. I have tried talking to him even sent him WhatsApp messages but still yet no change. I am depressed and so down; when I was dating him he was not like this. I have fallen out of love, this is not how I wanted my marriage to look like. I’m the only one always apologizing even if he is wrong. I just want to close my eyes and finish my school this year to find something doing with my life, I’m just tired of everything. I am 25 he is 35. Source