By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja
(Sundiata Post) –  The Peoples Democratic
party has said that judiciary under Justice Mohammadu Tanko is no longer the
last hope of the common man but rather the ‘LOST HOPE’ of the common man in Nigeria. The party which noted with pain the gross abuse of the
rule of law, politicization
of the judiciary and the compromising of security and electoral institutions in
the country, disclosed in a communiqué at the end of its 87th
National Executive Council (NEC) meeting held in Abuja on Friday (today). The PDP also
assured Nigerians that it will protect and defend democracy and its
institutions in the country with available constitutional and legitimate means,
including civil disobedience. The communiqué
reads in full: Communiqué
Issued At The End Of The 87th National Executive Committee (NEC) Of The Peoples
Democratic Party (PDP), Today, Friday, January 17, 2020. Having
witnessed the destruction of democratic values, ethos and principles;
consistent breach of the 1999 constitution (as amended), the 87th NEC of the
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) decides as follows: Assures
Nigerians that the PDP will protect and defend democracy and its institutions
in our country. The PDP
rejects the destructions of our democratic institution and values especially
the independence of the legislature, the politicization of the judiciary and
the compromising of our security and electoral institutions. The PDP
notes with pains, the gross abuse of the rule of law, the muzzling of the civil
society and advocates of free speech as well as ordinary Nigerians. The PDP
totally condemns the utter desecration of judicial tenets and values, climaxing
in the national embarrassment of the
Supreme Court’s manufacturing of votes and donating same to the APC and its
candidate, Hope Uzodimma, thereby robbing the people of Imo state, of the
mandate freely given to Hon. Emeka Ihedioha as their governor. The PDP
observes that this calculated injustice perpetuated by the Supreme Court has
proven that the judiciary under Justice Tanko Mohammed is no longer the last
hope of the common man but rather
the LOST HOPE of the common man in Nigeria. The Supreme
Court by its judicial summersault has
eroded the faith and confidence, which Nigerians have in participatory election
thereby showcasing that there will be no need for election in the future. The PDP
stands with the people of Imo state and Hon. Emeka Ihedioha in all steps being
taken to reverse this injustice and reclaim the governorship mandate stolen
through the Supreme Court. The PDP
assures Nigerians that, our party, through all available constitutional and
legitimate means, including civil disobedience, will insist that this
government must respect the rule
of law and desist from influencing the judiciary, INEC and security agencies. The PDP will
not allow the judiciary, security agencies and other institutions of governance
to become departments of the APC.