By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja – The Federal Government on Wednesday urged Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) to redouble efforts in tackling road accidents in the country. Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Mr Boss Mustapha, made the call while inspecting the National Traffic Radio at the FRSC headquarters, Abuja. Mustapha said that road accidents remained a leading cause of deaths in the country, adding that the people needed to be aware of the dangers attached to disobeying traffic rules. He said that all hands must be on deck in creating greater awareness on the need to minimise the incidents and their impact on the nation’s socio-economic activities. “I am quite satisfied with the platform the FRSC is using to ensure the road is safe for motorists. “But people need to know the fatality we experience on road crashes is high, probably much higher. “Educating the public and the aspect of enforcement is very important for our drivers to enable the safety of lives and property. “It is a partnership with FRSC and Nigerians and we need to work together to ensure there are no forms of crashes on our roads, ” he said. The SGF noted that there was not enough synergy on the roads, adding that the FRSC had acquired more equipment to help them carry out their assignments. He reiterated that the support of federal government to FRSC would continue and that they would be equally well funded. “They have acquired pickups, functioning vehicles to deploy across the country, machines and ambulances. ” This will go a long way to ensuring the corps carry out their mandate of safety of the people, ” he said. Mustapha lauded the FRSC for its commitment to safer roads in the country, adding that the corps deserved the gratitude and support of all Nigerians ‘‘as it strives to remove major impediments to our development efforts.” FRSC Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, said the organisation had recorded notable achievements since inception. He listed the achievements as adoption of speed limiting device by member-states, promotion of road safety education in motor parks, partnership with road transport workers and fleet operators among others. “We have provided breathalysers and alcholisers to keep testing our drivers across the county as part of our efforts to check road crashes in the country. ” The crash level was a bit maintained last year. This year , we are laying more emphasis on enforcement, education and enlightenment, ” he said. The corps marshal expressed appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari for his commitment to the ideals of FRSC since the inception of his administration. He assured Nigerians that FRSC and by extension, the federal government, would not relent in their commitment to the issues of road safety in the region. (NAN)