By Ummul Idris  Abuja – The Institute of Human Virology Nigeria (IHVN) in collaboration with the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has commenced a four-day training on Laboratory Quality Management Systems for laboratory specialists. The training, which will feature Management and Technical requirements of ISO 15189:2012 modules, among others, is designed to strengthen the participants to prevent and respond to disease outbreaks across the country. The training was organised for the Yellow Fever Network of Laboratories across the country as part of activities of the Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention and the RESOLVE to Save Lives (RTSL). RTSL is an initiative of vital strategies working with governments in low and middle income countries to improve capacity and preparedness and help the world prevent epidemics. Mrs Bimpe Balogun, the IHVN Programme Manager Labouratory, said that the training would improve laboratory system and ensure that results were reliable, accurate and reproducible. “Hopefully, this training would lead to a national or international accreditation, and the result would be comparable to any laboratory in the world. “With adequate skills and knowledge, laboratory scientists could avoid wrong diagnosis to prevent disease outbreaks. “Infected clients can be easily identified and quick intervention made to avoid the spread of infection by more people.” Mrs Celestina Obiekea, the NCDC Laboratory Network Adviser, enjoined participants to take the advantage of the opportunity to practice whatever they have learnt afterwards. For Mrs Josephine Ogbazi, the Head of Quality Management from Central Public Health Laboratory, Lagos, the training would improve the understanding of quality management. She said that the quality management practices would be followed, and they would be accurate and timely for planning, so that Nigerians can be safe. Dr Chukwubike Chinedu from the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, another participant, described the training as timely, adding that it will be particularly useful to his institution’s new laboratory for yellow fever diagnosis. He said that they need to see what others were doing to be able to produce quality result that would be integrated into the network. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that participants were drawn from the National Reference Laboratory, Gaduwa, and Central Public Health Laboratory, Lagos. Others are from Maitama District Hospital, Abuja; University of Benin Teaching Hospital, Benin; University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, Enugu; and Yusuf Dan Tsoho Specialist Hospital, Kaduna. IHVN is implementing the RESOLVE sub-grant, spearheaded by Principal Investigator and Executive Director Laboratory Services, Prof. Alash’le Abimiku. Its aim is to facilitate capacity reinforcement activities that will strengthen and expand existing national and regional laboratory systems and networks. (NAN)