By Kazeem Akande Lagos – Pokilee Football Club of Ifako Ijaiye in Lagos State has won the 2019/20 Bet9ja Elephant Cup, a grassroots football league, by defeating Oloke FC, Oshodi in the final match by three goals to one. The match was held on Friday evening at the Ashade Ogba Palace playing ground in Agege Local Government area of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Pokilee FC, was one of the 14 teams, drawn on Oct. 14 to groups to kick start the five-a-side grassroots soccer tournament. NAN reports that Pokilee FC emerged victorious through penalty kicks after the 20 – 20 minutes encounter could not produce the winner. The Pokilee FC was rewarded with cash prize of N500,000, while the second Oloke FC, Oshodi and the third place winner, Successful FC got N250,000 and N100,000 respectively. In his post-match remarks, Mr Abdul Salau, Chairman of the Bet9ja Elephant Cup, thanked God for the success of the league. Salau said that the competition had been in existence for the past 22 years at the same venue, and keep improving on it every year. “I appreciate and thank all the teams that participated in the league from the beginning, for their sportsmanship and fair play attitude during the matches. “The game went well and the players show some level of maturity during the tournament. “We also thanked the supporters and the spectators for their peaceful conduct and coexistence during and after the matches,” he said. Also, Rasheed Olalekan, the Best Goal Keeper of the tournament, thanked God for the success of his team to win the 2019/20 league. “Though, it is not easy, God saw us through. We thanked all our sponsors, supporters and organisers of the game for giving us the opportunity to showcase our talents,” Olalekan said. Commenting, Adetobi Osadipe, a representative of Nigerbev, one of the sponsors of the competition, thanked youths in the community for their participation in the grassroots football league. “In fact, this league is fantastic; it was well organised and all the supporters were very friendly; there was no violence; everything went on smoothly in spite of the venue being crowded environment,” Osadipe said. NAN reports that the five-a-side grassroots soccer tournament witnessed a great crowd at the Ashade Palace where over 3000 soccer fans turned out to watch three league matches played on Sunday at the mini pitch meant for 1000 spectators. (NAN)