Abuja (Sundiata Post) – China has called for restraint in the wake of escalating tensions over the U.S. killing of a top Iranian general in Baghdad. “We
urge all parties concerned, especially the U.S., to maintain calm and
restraint, to avoid tensions, and to avoid further escalations,” Chinese
Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Friday in Beijing. China
believes peace and stability must be maintained in the Middle East region, Geng
said. “China
has always opposed the use of force in international relations and advocates
that all parties should earnestly abide by the purposes and principles of the
UN Charter. “And
also to comply with the basic norms of international relations and that Iraq’s
sovereignty and territorial integrity should be respected,” he added. Similarly,
the State Department is telling U.S. citizens to leave Iraq as soon as
possible. “Due to
heightened tensions in Iraq and the region, we urge U.S. citizens to depart
Iraq immediately,” it says in a security alert, following a U.S. strike that
killed a top Iranian general in Baghdad. “U.S.
citizens should depart via airline while possible, and failing that, to other
countries via land.” Consular
operations at the U.S. embassy in Baghdad were suspended earlier this week
following attacks on the building by supporters of an Iranian-backed militia. Also,
U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has condemned the deadly U.S. airstrike on a
powerful Iranian general, calling it a “provocative and disproportionate” act. “Tonight’s
airstrike risks provoking further dangerous escalation of violence. America –
and the world – cannot afford to have tensions escalate to the point of no
return,” the senior Democrat said in a statement. She
said Congress was not consulted before President Donald Trump ordered the
attack on Iranian General Qassem Soleimani and demanded that lawmakers be
“immediately briefed” on the situation. President
Hassan Rowhani says Iran will “avenge” the killing of top commander Soleimani
in a U.S. airstrike. “Undoubtedly,
Iran and other independent states will avenge this terrible crime by the U.S.,”
Rowhani wrote in a letter posted on his official website. “This
act is another dark stain on the U.S.,” he said. The
Pentagon said Trump ordered the strike at Baghdad’s airport that killed
Soleimani, who led Iran’s elite Quds Force. (NAN)