By Yinusa Ishola Offa (Kwara) – No fewer than 60 patients have benefited from free eye surgeries and general medical treatment during a five-day health care exercise in Offa, Kwara. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the programme was  sponsored by Offa Descendants Union of North America (ODUNA) in collaboration with Community Dentistry On Wheels Inc, U.S.A. Igbomna Mobile Clinic and University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UITH). ODUNA President, Dr Adegboyega Abdulkadir, said the medical outreach was part of its Corporate Social Responsibility toward improving the life expectancy of the people through adequate healthcare. He said that over 2, 000 other patients also received free diagnosis, treatment and drugs for ailments such as hypertension,malaria, arthritis, diabetes, eye and teeth ailments and other children-related diseases. Abdulkadir, a Neonatologist and Fellow of America Academy of Pediatricians, said some beneficiaries with extreme medical cases were referred to UITH for further treatment with the full backing of the association. He said that aside the surgeries for glaucoma, cataract, appendicitis, hernia and myomectomy, 700 eye glasses were distributed to deserving beneficiaries during the week-long programme. Abdulkadir, who expressed satisfaction that the outreach had lived up to its expectation and targeted audience, said the large number of beneficiaries experienced yearly was enough testimony to its workability and acceptance. He said the medical outreach was also being expanded to tackle some childhood diseases in children and high rate of maternal mortality in pregnant women. The ODUNA boss disclosed that over 15,000 indigent persons had benefited from the association’s free medical services since its commencement in 2016. He commended the state’s governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, for giving utmost priority toward bringing healthcare delivery closer to the people at the grassroots. “We give glory to God that this project has grown even beyond our expectation in terms of attendance and the medical services rendered. “The initiative is a product of an in-depth research and analysis of the medical background of the community over time. “We discovered that something urgent needed to be done to improve the general health condition of our people. “We have received numerous support, both locally and internationally, especially in the provision of essential and quality drugs and even volunteers for the programme. “This has greatly helped the programme to grow and live up to its expectation and the targeted populace,’’ he said. Sen. Lola Ashiru, representing Kwara South Senatorial District, who was on an assessment visit to the outreach, commended the sponsors for their generosity and commitment to communal services. He said that his office was already in discussion with the organisers toward improving and sustaining the medical outreach. “We are already discussing, my office is already working on similar project and we will work together for improvement and sustenance,” he said. Mr Adebayo Adedeji and Mrs Abigail Oluwatoyin, both beneficiaries, described the medical outreach as timely and beneficial. The medical outreach tagged, “ODUNNA Medical Mission,” commenced on Monday at the premises of Offa Descendants Union National Secretariat in Offa. The programme, which is in its fifth year, came to an end on Friday. (NAN)