By Polycarp Auta Jos – The 3 Division of the Nigeria Army, Rukuba, near Jos, on Saturday hosted a special golf kitty to honour soldiers who died in active service. Speaking during the closing ceremony of the game in Jos, the General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the Division, Maj. Gen. Nuhu Angbazo, said the kitty was organised as part of activities marking the 2019 Armed Forces Remembrance Week in the state. Represented by Brig.-Gen. Festus Briggs, Angbazo, said that the game had brought the events slated for the armed forces remembrance week to its climax. “We decided to organise this special kitty as part of activities commemorating this year’s armed forces remembrance week. “There is no limit to the way we will remember our brothers and sisters who died in active service. “So, we have invited golfers from within Plateau and beyond to come and mark the week with us,” he said. Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, who served as Special Guest at the event, commended the Division for organising the special kitty. Lalong, represented by Mr Dan Majang, the Commissioner for Information and Communication, promised to support golf and other sporting activities in the state. “I want to commend 3 Division of the Nigeria army for organising this kitty, specially to remember their colleagues who paid the supreme price for this nation. “I am happy they choose golf game to end the armed forces remembrance week, because the game unites people. “So, I want to call on the people of Plateau to participate in the game of golf in order to promote peace in the state. “As a government, we will continue to support all kinds of sports to promote our economy and peaceful coexistence among our people,” Lalong said. Earlier, Maj.-Gen. Oluwaseun Olayinka, Captain of Rhino Golf Club, venue of the kitty, said 87 amateur golfers in the men, veterans and ladies categories participated in the game. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that prices were won by golfers for the various categories during the kitty. NAN also reports that Mr Azi Igyen from Lamingo Golf Club, Jos, won the star price at the Kitty. (NAN)