By Ijendu Iheaka Aba (Abia) – The Daniel Nwankwo Foundation has called for better care for drug-dependent people. Mrs Ngozi George, the Executive Director of the foundation, made the call at the during an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday. She spoke to NAN when she led executives of the foundation to visit drug-dependent persons undergoing rehabilitation at the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) premises in Aba, Abia. George said that drug-dependent persons  required much care. “The foundation visits them; people see them as addicts and criminals but we do not see them as such. “People visit orphanages, the sick and prisoners but do not visit drug-dependent persons undergoing rehabilitation because they see them as criminals. “In fact people do not know that they are here, but even those, who know of their presence, see them as drug addicts,” she said. According to the excutive director, the Nigerian society has the tendency of criminalising anything about hard drugs; so, they resent them. “In my view, they should not be seen as such because drug addiction (drug dependence) is a public health issue. “I remembered them and decided that instead of eating alone, the Daniel Nwankwo Foundation must come to visit them and share with them in this season. “They are clients and not criminals. I wish that other people would see them this way and accord them the necessary assistance,” she said. According to her, Daniel Nwankwo, her brother, enlisted into a paramilitary organisation to fight bad people believed to be acting under  drug influence, but never returned home alive as “the hunter became the hunted”. “This NGO was named after him because he was a good man who never had the opportunity to marry or have children before death. Responding, Mr Inuwa Ibrahim, Asst. Principal Staff Officer, Drug Reduction Unit, NDLEA, Abia, thanked the foundation for the visit and donations it made to the drug-dependent people. He said that the efforts at rehabilitating them would be fruitful. One of the drug-dependent people, who pleaded anonymity, said: “I have regretted  the years I have taken drug; I do not know what I gained taking drug. “I have lost a lot of opportunities in life because of drugs. “I am regretting my actions but I still thank God for everything. When I leave here, I will be a living testimony to others. I cannot go back to drugs,’’ he said. NAN reports that the foundation gave bags of rice, cassava flakes (garri) and cartons drinks to the people. (NAN)