…Lauds Aisha Buhari for her compassion, support to needy in society Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Gombe state First Lady, Hajiya Asma’u Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has flagged-off food distribution programme, initiated by the office of the First Lady of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Hajiya Aisha Muhammadu Buhari. The food distribution programme targets the less privileged members of the society, including, orphans, widows, people with disabilities as well as religious groups, associations and others. Hajiya Asma’u Yahaya said the human spirited initiatives being pursued by Aisha Buhari through her pet project, ” future assured’ are in tune with Gombe state administration’s programmes targeting at the empowerment of youths, women and other vulnerable groups. She said meeting the immediate needs of a common man should be a matter of priority to every responsible person, as such Gombe state will ensure close and sustained partnership with the Federal Government and other non-govermental organizations in developing initiatives that have direct bearing on the lives of the citizenry. The Gombe state First Lady appealed to the representatives of the benefitting individuals and groups to be fair and just in distributing the items. She disclosed that a monitoring team has been set up to ensure a fair distribution process with a view to reaching out to the targetted beneficiaries. Earlier in his remarks, Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the President, Office of the First Lady, Barrister Aliyu Abdullahi conveyed Mrs Buhari’s goodwill message to the people of Gombe state, especially for their show of solidarity, love and support to president Muhammadu Buhari’s Government. He said the First Lady wanted to be part of the flagg-off programmed but could not make it due to some other official engagements. Barrister Abdullahi said the Federal Government is aware of the laudable achievements the new Gombe administration is recording on various aspects of human endeavours and pledged further collaboration on various areas of interest. The Gombe state First Lady later visited the Gombe orphanage, where she presented food items before proceeding to the ancient Tula Correctional facility in Kaltungo local government area for a similar gesture. Earlier In her welcome address, Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, Mrs Naomi Joel Awak said within a short period of Governor Inuwa Yahaya’s stewardship, vulnerable groups and associations now attest to his administration’s committment in improving their living standard. She recalled the recent interaction between the Governor and persons with disabilities on the occasion of world disability day, saying such disposition is a demonstration of his resolve in running an all- inclusive government regardless of social status. Ismaila Uba Misilli 
Senior Special Assistant 
( Media and Publicity)