Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The reports of oversight functions, which were carried out by the Chairmen of Committees, will henceforth be subjected to legislative debate on the floor of Senate Chambers, the Senate President, Sen Ahmed Lawan said. Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, disclosed this in
his address after the session resumed from annual recess on Tuesday. This is the first time in the nation’s democratic era in the
last twenty years, that reports of oversight functions would be laid on Senate
Chambers if the proposal comes into effect. He said the development would make the Senate Committees to
be responsible, accountable and efficient, noting that the upper chamber was
poised to achieve its target as encapsulated in the legislative agenda. In his address, Lawan praised the 9th Senate under his
leadership for achieving much within a short period of its inauguration, adding
that the Senate has proved its mettle by passing into laws bills that were
strategic to the nation. “The Senate has demonstrated the willingness and capacity to
actualize its Legislative Agenda of working for Nigerians, when it passed
crucial amendment bill on the Deep Offshore and Inland Basin, Production
Sharing Contract Act, 1993; the 2020-2022 Medium Term Expenditure Framework and
Fiscal Strategy Paper (MTEF/FSP). “The Finance Bill, which comprised of seven very strategic
veritable bills that will give effects to better and more effective and
efficient revenue generation and collections for government; the passage of the
2020 Appropriation Bill within two months.” He noted that the return of Nigeria’s budget circle to run
from January to December was a feat that would grow the nation’s economy, there
will no longer be delay in government transactions. While Senate President listed quick confirmation of nominees
forwarded to it by the Executive as ‘a no mean feat’, he Senators will strive
to meet the expectations of Nigerians. He lamented the demise of Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu which
he said, the upper would miss him because of his handwork. Charging the legislators on oversight functions he stressed: “The oversight by the National Assembly is as important and
critical as passing the Budget itself. The committees of the Senate will need to carry out vigorous
oversight on those Ministries, Departments and Agencies under their
jurisdiction. “In furtherance of this commitment, the Senate will receive
and debate the reports of such oversight activities in plenary. Lawan was optimistic that amendment to the offshore oil bill
would boost the revenue profile of the country. “I am confident that the amendments effected on the Deep
Offshore and Inland Basin, Production Sharing Contract Act and the Finance Bill
will bring additional revenues for the government. It is quite obvious that
revenue generation is a major challenge to our country today. Other bills that were set to boost the nation’s economic fortune are, the amendment to the Public Procurement Act 2007”, which he insisted would ensure timely, effective and efficient execution of government projects. Additional Report from Daily Post.