By Akeem Abas Ibadan – A delegation of the All Progressives Congress(APC) in Oyo State has visited the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi, to commiserate with him over the recent fire disaster which ravaged the popular Akesan market in the ancient town. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the party’s State Executive Committee led by its Chairman,  Chief Akin Oke, had visited the monarch on Thursday in Oyo. NAN reports that the APC team was received by the monarch, Oyomesis, Oyo High Chiefs, Bishop Ayo Ladigbolu as well as notable traditional rulers from Oke-Ogun and Ibarapa areas of the state. Oke, who expressed sadness over the magnitude of economic losses caused by the disaster, described it as one too many. The APC chairman said that the party’s representatives were working seriously to facilitate necessary intervention from the Federal Government, adding they would have reasons to smile soon. “Kabiyesi, we woke up to receive the piece of information on the unfortunate fire outbreak in the early hours of last Saturday through the social media platforms. “It was as if the whole of Oyo State was on fire. Sad enough, efforts to mobilise support to stop the inferno could not yield the desired results as lives, properties and other resources were lost in the process,” he said. He said that Akesan market, just like Oyo Alaafin, was a heritage of the Yoruba, adding that its significance extended beyond the value it added to the nation’s economy. ” Any unpleasant happening such as this is not desirable. As a progressive party which draws a great percentage of its inspiration from the institution of Alaafin of Oyo, we are particularly saddened by this development. “We sympathise with Kabiyesi, the Oyomesi, all victims of the fire incident as well as all sons and daughters of Yorubaland. ‘I am using this opportunity to inform our people that our representatives in Abuja are working seriously to facilitate necessary intervention from the Federal Government and soonest, we shall have good reasons to smile,” he said. Oke called for concerted efforts on the part of key stakeholders to ensure swift and appropriate response as it concerned prevention and management of avoidable disasters. He prayed God to prevent future occurrence and provide lasting succour to all the victims, including the family members of those who lost their lives. In his response, the Alaafin thanked the leadership of Oyo APC for the visit. The monarch went down memory lane to explain the historical background of the burnt market, saying the market had never suffered such fate. He called for a return of the management of significant monuments such as Akesan Market to the palace. (NAN)