By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has
called on Emeka Ihedioha and the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) to accept the
Supreme Court judgement that nullified their victory at the Imo State
governorship election since the court is final Atiku who disclosed this in a statement on Wednesday said, “With
regards to the judgment of the Supreme Court, which nullified the election of
the candidate of the PDP, Emeka Ihedioha, as Governor of the state of Imo, I
can only say that since the Supreme Court is final, we must accept its
judgment,” Atiku tweeted. “However unexpected and unpalatable it may be. The Rule of law
must guide our paths even if logic sheds light on a different path.” Nigeria’s Supreme Court on Tuesday nullified the victory of
Emeka Ihedioha and declared Senator Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives
Congress (APC) as elected Governor of the state. The court held that the lower court erred in law when it
rejected evidence tendered before it that votes due to from 388 polling units
were not credited to APC and Uzodinma. The court also ordered the immediate swearing-in of Uzodinma as
the lawful winner of the March 9, 2019 governorship election in Imo State. Atiku, however, urged Ihedioha not to be deterred by the court
judgement but to overcome his setbacks and “come back stronger.” The PDP presidential candidate in the 2019 elections urged the
party to continue to be the object of hope that the Nigerian people “have for
their escape from the prevailing despotism and despair that has gripped almost
every aspect of our national life.” Atiku said Nigeria has gone through despotic times before, and
we have survived them and thrived. I am very certain that this history will
repeat itself. My greatest desire, and one I hope
to see again in my lifetime, is that Nigeria will fulfil its potential as the
land of Unity and Faith, Peace and Progress. These four ideals have been
missing from our borders for a while, and all freedom loving Nigerians ought to
henceforth work together to bring them back. So help us God, he concluded.