By Peter Amine  Jos – The Plateau House of Assembly has called for the redeployment of corps members and students from Plateau serving or studying in the North-East. The call was part of the house’s resolutions on a matter of urgent public importance during plenary presided over by the Speaker,Abok Ayuba. The matter of urgent public importance was raised in the plenary by member representing Pankshin South Constituency, Henry Longs. Longs said the matter became imperative on the killing of one of his constituents, Rophil Dalep, by Boko Haram terrorists and ongoing attacks in some parts of the state. Dalep, a native of Jing in Pankshin Local Government Area, who was a 200 level student of University of Maiduguri was killed by an eight-year-old boy who claimed in a video that he (Dalep)was killed because he was from Plateau. After series of contributions, the Assembly resolved that the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) management be contacted for the redeployment of Plateau corps members as they were no longer safe in the area. “Collaborate with Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board to redeploy Plateau indigenes to schools in their catchment area in North-Central. “Send a delegation to Borno State Government, the Vice Chancellor University of Maiduguri and other stakeholders in the state,” Ayuba said. The speaker stated that the resolutions would be forwarded to the Executive for implementation. Meanwhile, some of the members suggested a review of the law establishing Operation Rainbow, the state security outfit to strengthen it to meet up with the security challenges bedevilling the state. The Majority Leader, Daniel Naanlong, advocated for the empowering of the vigilante in 5he interim before the review of the law. “Mr Speaker I am totally in support of what the South-West is doing or has done “We must task the committee on security to take a drastic action to engage the local vigilante before we fine tune the efforts for the state which has become imperative,” he said. Member representing Jos South Constituency in the Assembly, Gwottson Fom, said that citizens were being attacked on all fronts. “We have been attacked within and without and government keeps paying lip service. “There is no safety for us anywhere and it does make sense to me if redeploy our people in North-East t come and die at home,” argued. The Deputy Speaker, Saleh Yipmon, in his submission, urged the state government to immortalise late Dalep who was gruesomely murdered. Meanwhile, the assembly during the plenary passed for implementation of Plateau State Medium Term Framework and Fiscal Strategy Plan submitted by the executive arm. News Agency f Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tuesday sitting was the first in 2020. (NAN)