By Peter Okolie Ojoto (Anambra) – A cleric, Rev. Canon Timothy Okoye, Vicar of St. Barnabas Anglican Church, has admonished Nigerians to always support those in authority and shun the attitude of pulling them down. Okoye made the call in his sermon at a church service to celebrate the thanksgiving ceremony of Dr Francisca Nwafulugo on her appointment as the Rector of Federal Polytechnic, Oko, in Anambra on Friday. According to him, when God appoints a leader, our duty is to support and advise them and not to pull them down. He said Nigerians must subject themselves to appointed authorities, adding that those who resisted such authorities were resisting God and must incur His wrath and judgment. “That is why we must respect position of leadership; only God can appoint a leader. “God appointed you (Nwafulugo), God has appointed Buhari to the seat he is today, God appointed governors, God appointed traditional rulers; you cannot push them out, you can only pray for them,” he said. The cleric also condemned the practice of politics along religious line in the state, describing it as “dangerous”. The cleric noted that governance was rather about state and development, and not religious denomination. “It is one of the major challenges setting the state backwards in development. “In this state, we play religious politics of Catholic and Anglican denomination and that is not good. “It is very wrong. The governor is the governor of the state and not for his church,” he said. In a remark, the Deputy Governor of Anambra, Dr Nkem Okeke urged corporate bodies and wealthy individuals to support the government in the development of the state. Okeke noted that the state government alone cannot cater for the welfare of citizens as well as provide all basic needs. “We expect the private sector and individuals to see how they can support government in the provision of educational scholarships and health programmes that would benefit citizens of the state,” he said. While congratulating the rector, Okeke also called for the empowerment of more women into key positions noting that “it is good we empower more women to do more.” The deputy governor advised the rector to do the right things at all times and not to be afraid to say no if it was not the right thing. In a vote of thanks, the husband of the rector, Mr Theophilus Nwafulugo, who spoke on behalf of the wife, explained that the thanksgiving service was organised to appreciate God for the appointment. Nwafulugo thanked dignitaries for finding time to attend the occasion. (NAN)