By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)
– The
Convener of Pan-Niger Delta Forum, Chief Edwin Clark has described
as unconstitutional the pronouncement made by the Attorney
General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami to the
effect that the newly launched Operation Amotekun is illegal. Clark
said that comment will only create unnecessary tension in the country. The Ijaw leader said the decision
to create the regional security outfit was made by the people and law
enforcement agencies were carried along. He asked the AGF to proceed to
court before making such an announcement. “I think the attorney general of
Nigeria is arrogating too much to himself. The attorney general should go to
court to ask the court to declare it null,” he said. “The declaration of the security outfit in the south-west is unconstitutional. The decision had been taken by the people and after they had a meeting with the law enforcement agents, the day they were going to establish it, nobody went to stop it. “After they had declared it, other people said it is a welcome decision, even the governors in the north said they were going to do it, that it is a good decision. So I do not know why the attorney general will sit in his office and make such an announcement, which in my own view, is illegal in itself. “So what of the civilian joint
task force in the north-east, in Borno. Are they not civilians? What of the
civil organisation in Kano which is operating side by side with the Nigerian
police? Why the double standard by the attorney general? Nigeria belongs to all
of us and he is the attorney general of Nigeria, not the attorney general of
the presidency. “So I think his decision is very
wrong and will create problem and cause unnecessary tension in the country
because nobody will accept it. Let him go to court, let the court declare it
illegal.” Wole Soyinka, Nobel laureate, had commended south-west governors for
the regional security outfit, which he described as an unexpected New Year
present. •NBA wants operation manual published as SANs back govs•It’s a good move to protect their people, says IPOB•Northern youths kick, insist it’s military wing of OPC Tobi Soniyi in Lagos, David-Chyddy Eleke in Awka and Kemi Olaitan in Ibadan Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Following controversies that have greeted the setting… The Federal Government has described as illegal the newly launched South-West security outfit codenamed, Amotekun. The Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami (SAN), who is the chief law officer, said security remains the exclusive preserve of the Federal Government. In a statement signed by the Special Adviser to the AGF… Governors of the six Southwest states will meet with police chiefs on Wednesday ahead of Thursday’s inauguration of Amotekun, the region’s security outfit. Operation Amotekun is primed to curb armed banditry, kidnapping for ransom and other forms of criminality. The meeting is scheduled for Ibadan where the security outfit will…