The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office “Trump Administration Accomplishments” President Trump’s pro-growth policies are unleashing economic growth and providing opportunities to workers across the country. African-American and Hispanic-American poverty rates reached record lows of 21.2 percent and 18.3 percent, respectively, in 2017. Trump concluded a historic U.S.- Mexico Trade Deal to replace NAFTA and negotiations with Canada are underway. Trump reached a breakthrough agreement with the E.U. to increase U.S. exports. He imposed tariffs on foreign steel and aluminum to protect our national security. He imposed tariffs on China in response to China’s forced technology transfer, intellectual property theft, and their chronically abusive trade practices. Net exports are presumably to increase by $59 billion this year. He improved vetting and screening for refugees, and switched focus to overseas resettlement. The National Association of Manufacturers’ Outlook Index had the highest annual average in its history over the past year. Manufacturing added 284,000 jobs in 2018. This has never been accomplished within a year as far back as 1997. Trump’s Administration assisted in launching the Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative, which could leverage more than $1 billion to support women entrepreneurs. “Last month, the FDA approved more affordable generic drugs than ever before in history. And thanks to our efforts, many drug companies are freezing or reversing planned price increases” Trump’s Administration has done a lot. Trump’s Administration reformed the Medicare program to stop hospitals from overcharging low-income seniors on their drugs thus saving hundreds of millions of dollars this year alone. He Signed Right-To-Try legislation. He Secured $6 billion in NEW funding to fight the opioid epidemic. Isn’t that amazing? Trump’s Administration have reduced high-dose opioid prescriptions by 16 percent within her – Trump’s Administration’s first year in office. It signed VA Choice Act and VA Accountability Act. His Administration expanded VA telehealth services, walk-in-clinics, and “same-day” urgent primary and mental health care. He Increased our – America’s coal exports by 60 percent. America – with the aid of Trump’s Administration has become the net natural gas exporter for the first time since 1957. Trump’s Administration Withdrew the United States from the job-killing Paris Climate Accord. Trump’s Administration cancelled the illegal, anti-coal, so-called Clean Power Plan, secured $700 billion in military funding. NATO allies are spending $69 billion more on defense since 2016. Process has begun to make the Space Force the 6th branch of the Armed Forces. Trump’s Administration confirmed more circuit court judges than any other new administration. These indeed are enough for the Validity of a responsible President – Donald J Trump. It is inconsequential for me to follow the multitude in disannulling the “clear as crystal” undeniable impacts and change that Donald Trump has wrought in America just within some skinny years. I rather begin to wonder the Miracles and message he’s pregnant with for the next regime. Let’s give him an opportunity. Donald Trump I reckon and say without apology is not an ordinary President. He is definitely a God-sent saviour of not just America but the World at large. His accomplishments and uncontestable feats has proven his agenda as a President. Why then do we listen to the compliments of the uncircumcised and do have the impetus to conclude lies about President Donald Trump. Composed by Josh Genius