By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta – The Ogun Government is set to key into the Revolving Drug Fund, which was established in 2019 to promote bulk purchase of drugs from manufacturers for end-users to buy at competitive prices. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker, stated this on Monday in Abeokuta, while fielding questions from journalists in her office. She added that the central medicine store would ensure the quality of the supplies to guide against use of fake drugs. Coker stated that the state Health Insurance Scheme, comprising g two phases, would be launched soon to enable both the formal and informal sectors to have collective contributions. According to her, this will make healthcare services available to all, adding that the scheme will cover pregnant women and children up till the age of five, including screening of communicable and non-communicable diseases. She said that the present administration was determined to make the health sector attractive to both residents and non-residents in a way that would provide solutions to health issues and attract investors to the sector. The commissioner further said that government would not take training and continuous professional development of its health workers for granted, noting that delivery of quality services across the primary, secondary and tertiary tiers of the health sector remained a priority. “The Gov. Dapo Abiodun-led government will not take the provision of qualitative health service for granted. “Our vision is to make Ogun the health tourist destination of choice and attractive to all and sundry, including investors. This will provide economic empowerment and job opportunities for our people. “The renovation and equipping of primary health centres across the 236 wards in the state will commence soon and every resident of the Gateway State must have access to quality healthcare, irrespective of location. “We will also equip and staff these facilities adequately to ensure that the public are given best services,” Coker said. According to the commissioner, since Ogun has the best life expectancy in Nigeria, government will not relent in maintaining the status. (NAN)