Two persons have been reported dead with others seriously wounded in a leadership tussle by two factional groups in Agbarho community in Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State. The Police also arrested two suspects over the incident. DAILY POST reports that incident, which occurred late Wednesday, January 22 has caused serious tension in the community. The remains of the deceased have been deposited in the morgue by the Police in Agbarho community. Details as to what caused the crisis and murder of the three persons are still sketchy at the time of filing this report. It was gathered that one of the factional leaders had presided over the affairs of the community for the past eight years and had refused to step down. He was approached by another factional leader to step down from office so that elections be conducted into executive positions but he refused. A serious argument ensued between the two factional leaders, which led to sporadic gunshots by their lieutenants and two persons were shot dead with others wounded. When contacted for comments, the Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Hafiz Inuwa, directed a Correspondent to speak with the Area Commander Ughelli as well as the Divisional Police Officer, Agbarho for comment. CP Inuwa said, “Help me call the DPO with the Area Commander. They’re the one there. If they refused to cooperate with you, that’s when you will call me and I will answer you. “I know you meant well. When I finish my meeting whatever I confirm, I will let you know.” The Ughelli Area Commander of the Nigeria Police Force, ACP Aiki J Moses in a telephone chat with Our Correspondent said, “I am not the DPO there. So, I don’t have facts. You better call the DPO. He is the person on ground.” The Agbarho Divisional Police Officer, CSP Etim Anthony declined comments on the matter. However, a Police source, who craved anonymity confirmed the report. The source said, “Two persons were killed and not three as being speculated. Some persons who were injured are in the hospital. Some arrests have been made and we are still investigating.” The source said the crisis started over the refusal of a leader who had served for eight years but refused to step down from office. According to the source, “The matter caused serious arguments and there were shootings all over the place. In the process, two persons died.” Source