By Bosede Olufunmi Kano – The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB), on Thursday destroyed pornographic and other prohibited films seized from markets in Kano. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that items destroyed included DVDs, CDs, copies of multiple-in-one video films, unclassified foreign and local films, pornographic contents and other illicit video works. NFVCB had warned stakeholders against the sales and distribution of unclassified movies and video works. Mr Adedayo Thomas, NFVCB’s Executive Director, while addressing industry stakeholders said that the items were seized in several raids on illicit film outlets and dealers across the state. According to him, the action is in furtherance of the board’s zero-tolerance against unapproved films and video works across Nigeria. He said the raid was aimed at sanitising the motion picture industry for lawful businesses in film ventures to strive. He said that although there are enabling censors laws that prohibit pornographic contents, distribution and exhibition of uncensored and unclassified films, “many industry players are bent on taking the laws in their hand’’. Thomas, therefore, advised filmmakers, distributors and exhibitors in the North-West to shun illicit films for the protection of the Nigerian child and safeguarding the values and morals that define the African people. “Our enforcement drive resulted in the removal of these pornographic and other unapproved films and video works worth millions of Naira. “The Federal Government has been promoting avenues to continually diversify the economy to promote growth and pursue strategic objectives of job creation, youth empowerment, improved human capital and improved business. “If the creative industry is in a mess, investors will not come; that is why we are cleaning the market for film owners to enjoy the reward for their work,’’ Thomas said. The NFVCB boss attributed the success in its operations to the unrelenting activities of its task force that had been raiding illegal film outlets across the country. The director said that the collaboration of the Police had sped up the arrest and prosecution of marketers and distributors of illicit films and video works. In a goodwill message, a traditional ruler, Alhaji Abdulahi Lamido-Sanusi, District Head of Dala commended the censor’s board for its commitment to sanitising the Nigerian movie industry. He urged filmmakers and distributors in the state to consider the moral and cultural implications of their works. “Our youths and culture need to be protected for us to have a better society by producing only lawful films as approved by the censor’s board,’’ Lamido-Sanusi, said. In his remark, Mr Umar Fage, North-East Zonal Coordinator of the NFVCB called on filmmakers to always submit their works for censoring and approval by the board as required by law. “Our laws prohibit the sales and distribution of pornographic films in Nigeria and we want everyone to realise this,’’ Fage said. NAN reports that men of the Federal Fire Service, representatives of the state government and leaders of Arewa Filmmakers Association as well as other industry guild members were among stakeholders present at the event. (NAN)