By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)
– With the Senate confirmation on Wednesday, Dr Kingsley Obiora will be taking
over as the Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on February 2,
2020. Sundiat Post recall that
President Muhammadu Buhari had on January 16, asked the Senate to confirm the
appointment of Dr Obiora as the Deputy Governor of Central Bank Of Nigeria. Buhari had in a letter addressed
to the President of The Senate, Sen Ahmed Lawan, said the nomination was in accordance
with the provision of Section 8(1) (2) of the CBN (Establishment) Act 2007. Obiora’s appointment was
confirmed after the Chairman, Senate Committee on Banking, Sen Uba Sani
presented a report for consideration. Sen Sani, while presenting his
report on the floor of the upper legislative chamber on Thursday, said Obiora’s
nomination was in accordance with section 8 of the CBN Act. The senator also said his committee
did not receive any petition against the nominee. “The committee did not receive
any petition against the nominee. He has the experience and has a good track
record,” he said. “The committee screened the
nominee and it is satisfied. I hereby recommend that he be confirmed as deputy
of CBN. Senator Sani said Dr Obiora’s appointment
will boost the national economy because of his wealth of experience. Obiora’s appointment was
confirmed by a voice vote after the lawmakers had voted on his nomination in
the committee of the whole. With his confirmation by the
senate, Dr Obiora will replace Dr. Joseph Nnanna who retires on February 2,
2020. Also, the senate confirmed the
appointment of Zikrullah Olakunle Hassan as the chairman of the National Hajj
Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON). Hassan’s appointment was
confirmed after Adamu Bulkachuwa, chairman of the senate committee on foreign
affairs, presented a report. Nominees whose appointment was
also confirmed for the hajj commission are Abdullahi Magaji Hardawa (operation,
inspection and licensing) from Bauchi, north-east; Nura Hassan Yakasai (policy,
personnel management and finance), Kano, north-west; and Sheikh Momoh Suleman
Imonikhe (planning, research, statistics information and library), Edo,
south-south). Others are Halimat Jibril
(Niger), Abbas Jato (Borno), Garba Umar (Sokoto), Ibrahim Ogbonnah Amah
(Ebonyi), Sadiq Oniyesaneyene Musa (Delta) and Akintunde Basirat Olayinka
(Ogun).