By Hassana Yakubu Kaduna – A Non Governmental Organization (NGO),Peace Revival and Reconciliation Foundation, on Monday tasked the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to ensure  free, fair and credible state assembly re-run election in Kaduna State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Court of Appeal had ordered INEC to conduct fresh elections in 22 polling units in Kagarko and 14 polling units in Sanga state constituencies in Kaduna State. INEC had fixed Jan. 25 to conduct the re-run in the affected areas to determine the winners who would represent their constituencies in the State House of Assembly. However, the President and founder of the NGO, Pastor Yohanna Buru, in an interview with NAN in Kaduna, urged INEC to ensure that the elections is not only free but fair and credible. “INEC must ensure whoever emerges at the end of the re-run poll is declared winner. No one should be denied what is due for them because of their party affiliation,” Buru said. He said the members of the  foundation is sensitizing the electorate in the those areas and  would monitor  the poll in Sanga and Kagarko local government come Jan 25. “We are educating and  creating awareness among the people on the need to conduct themselves peacefully during and after the poll. ” We want them to conduct this election peacefully and respect every rule and regulation of the elections that is stipulated by INEC, ” Buru said. He called on political parties participating in the poll to cooperate with INEC and the security agencies to ensure success of the election. According to him, peace revival foundation is also planning to pay an advocacy visit to the affected local government areas. “We are going to talk to the people on how they should conduct themselves peacefully and accept the outcome without carrying arms. ” Allow the people to vote for the candidates of their choice also the security agencies to ensure they protect the electorate. “Afer the re- run you should accept it’s outcome  and support the winner to achieve success in his tenure in office,” Buru said.