By Abbas Bamalli Kano – Federal Government in collaboration with the Kano State Government has organised a sensitisation workshop on business plans for 600 farmers selected to be empowered in Kano. The beneficiaries were selected among the 1,600 participants for empowerment by the Federal and Kano State governments through the Agro-Processing, Productivity Enhancement and Livelihood Improvement Support (APPEALS) project. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that APPEALS is a World Bank group with a unique global partnership of five institutions working for sustainable solutions that reduce poverty and build shared prosperity in developing countries. Its membership consists of 189 countries of the world with offices in 130 locations including Nigeria. Declaring the one- day workshop opened on Thursday, the Nigerian APPEALS Coordinator in Kano, Alhaji Hassan Ibrahim said that the sensitisation was to provide the beneficiaries with the knowledge of how to start and manage their businesses. He said that the sensitisation followed three-weeks training for the beneficiaries on fisheries, poultry farming and rice production. According to him, the APPEALS project, which is funded by the World Bank, was to support President Muhammad Buhari’s commitment of boosting the agricultural sector in the country. He said that such would also contribute in increasing the exportation of goods to other countries, especially with the Federal Government initiative of Agricultural Promotion Policy aimed at boosting the sector. Ibrahim said “APPEALS is ready to disqualify any beneficiaries found working as the empowerment programme, is only meant for the unemployed youths and women.’’ He said that each of the 600 selected participants was expected to be given N2.5 million for the implementation of their chosen businesses. “The project is not only aimed at improving the sector for domestic use, but also for exportation. “Therefore, we introduced modern methods of farming and improved seeds, for increase production and productivity. “With the introduction of the improved seeds and modern farming method, especially for rice, wheat and tomatoes, it will assist the farmers to spend less and at the end of the harvest have increased production,“ he said. According to Ibrahim, in an effort to encourage the tomato farmers in Kano, APPEALS has reached an agreement with Dangote Tomatoes Company to buy the products when produced. In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), some of the beneficiaries, Nasir Ibrahim and Hafsat Ahmad commended the federal, Kano State governments and APPEALS for the initiatives. Ibrahim gave the assurance to use the opportunity not only to benefit him alone but also to benefit others. Hafsat said that such empowerment would go a long way in improving their lives, assuring that he would make proper use of the empowerment fund. (NAN)