By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi – Kebbi Government on Friday tasked 300 Secondary  Schools’ Principals in the 21 Local Government Areas on quality education in the state. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry for Basic and Secondary Education, Hajiya Rafa’atu Hammani, gave the charge  at the All Nigeria Confederation of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPSS) meeting in Birnin Kebbi. She said that 2020 was a year of quality education, adding that the government would accept nothing less than quality education from the stakeholders. “Our advise is for the principals to adopt in-house training for their school teachers, we will not accept anything short of quality education,” she said. Hammani also urged the principals to introduce school garden in order to assist students  in learning agriculture, biology and other sciences in schools. She warned the principals against engaging in examination malpractice during WAEC and NECO exams. She also directed the principals to encourage their teachers to register with Teachers Registration Council (TRC) to comply with national policy on education. “Teachers who don’t register with TRC are not considered professional teachers,” she said. She enjoined the principals to ensure periodic update of students’ data to the ministry, Secondary School Management Board and education zonal offices. “All principals should ensure that they maintain one feeding contractor because the ministry will no longer tolerate rampant substitution of contractors,” she said. The permanent secretary thanked the principals for their support and hardwork in managing their respective schools. In her remarks, the Executive Secretary of Secondary Schools Management Board, Hajiya Asma’u Alkali charged the principals to be diligent and support their teachers to be able to deliver quality education in the state. Also speaking, the President of ANCOPSS, Alhaji Abubakar Sambo, assured the ministry and board that issue of substitution of feeding contractor would be rectified. “We commend you for drawing our attention on some of the issues that need to be addressed in our quest to ensure the provision of quality education to our children,” usman said. (NAN)