 •Some items donated to community schools by Elephant Club Ogba By Kazeem Akande LAGOS – The Elephant Club of Ogba, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), has donated items worth N1.5 million, for community schools in Ogba, and its environs to enhance learning and teaching. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 14 primary schools within and outside Ogba and Agege communities benefited from the kind gesture at a ceremony held at the Ogba Ashade Palace, in Agege Local Government Area on Sunday. Prince Jelili Ashade, the Adele of Ogba, in his remarks thanked the NGO for the kind gesture by donating to the school for the benefit of the children. Ashade, who is also a member of the club, said that the donated items would go a long way in enhancing both the teaching and learning process in the schools. “The items will go a long way to help both the teachers and the pupils in the classrooms. “The generators and the printers donated would would help the schools print their documents, examination and text papers, without stress or delay. “I just want to advise both the teachers and the pupils to make good use of the opportunity and ensure they are used for the right purposes. Mr Wole Ogunlolu, the guest speaker at the occasion, also advised the pupils, to always read their books, instead of spending most of their valuable time on social media. Ogunlolu, who is the founder, Centre For The Redemption of Yoruba Civilisation Art (CRYCAT), urged the pupils to cultivate the habit of reading from primary school level, rather than focusing on what is going on social media. Mr Alilu Salau, the Chairman, Elephant Club Ogba, in his own remarks thanked the Almighty God for giving the club the opportunity to dish out, such items to the school children in the community. “We just concluded grassroots football, where the winning school was rewarded N500,000, the second position got N250, 000 and the third position got N100,000. “This is another programme for the school children in the community, where the schools will benefit from the generators, printers and other items; to help them in the learning process in their schools. “We are praying that more items will be donated at next event; so that more schools in the community will benefit,” he said. One of the beneficiaries, Bakare Hikmat, a Pupil from Al-hikmat Primary School Ogba, thanked the organisers for the kind gesture to the school. According to her, the items will go a long way in assisting them in both learning and teaching process. Ashade Fatia, another pupil from Awarul Islam Primary School Ogba Ashade, also commended the organisers, saying the first aid box and other items donated would help the school. Nwankwo Chiamaka, a pupil from Local Government Primary School Agege, also thanked the Elephant Club, for their humanitarian gesture to the school. (NAN)