…Says Christian Persecutions Real In Nigeria Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Coalition of 25 Christian Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs), on Saturday, berated the Special Adviser on Media to President Muhammadu Buhari, Femi Adesina, over what it called the spoilers and betrayal roles his playing in the corridors of power. The group insisted that the persecution of Christians under the present administration is real. The groups also asked Adesina to stop using his office to attack the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) if he cannot join them in condemning the ongoing persecution of  Christians in the country. This was contained in a statement issued by the national coordinator of the group, Mr Isaac Okonkwo, and the national secretary, Mr Garba Yohanna. The statement reads in part: “Our attention has been drawn to an opinion written by Adesina, entitled, “Beheaded Adamawa Pastor: CAN got it mixed up” where Adesina spared no words in lashing out at the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) which, technically speaking, he is a member as an elder in Foursquare Church. “We note with great sadness that Femi Adesina, a Christian elder in the Body of Christ, and a presidential aide, a journalist of no mean reputation is now wearing the infamous crown as one of the staunchest defenders of the atrocious killings and maiming of Nigerians, especially Christians under the present administration. The groups further lamented Adesina’s manner of response towards the anguish Christians face given that he is believed to be one: “It is unfortunate for the presidential spokesperson to make himself the stumbling stone each time CAN raises and re-echoes godly concerns of Nigerian Christians over the obvious strategic state policy of persecution. Why? Adesina is not a lone ranger among the handful Christians who were appointed by the President. We are not unaware of the spoilers and betrayal roles some of them are playing in the corridors of power. “It is an open knowledge that terrorists and their kinsmen, Fulani herdsmen, have turned many predominantly Christian communities into killing fields. This is too obvious to be disputed except to the insincere and mischievous minds like Adesina. “To him, the Christian persecutions in the country are imaginations of the leadership of Christian Association of Nigeria? And for CAN to cry out is akin to acting the opposition script? “What CAN is asking the president to do is not new at all. We remember President Issoufou Mahamadou of Niger Republic who sacked his security chiefs after 89 soldiers were killed by terrorists in January, 2020 but to the likes of Adesina, it is not a big deal.”  