By Muhammad Nasir Bashir  Dutse – The MUFRAH Foundation, a gender based NGO, has distributed sanitary pads to young girls and sweaters to children and babies in Kawaye village, Dutse Local Government Area of Jigawa. The Chairperson of the foundation, Ms Rahma Ahmad, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the sideline of the presentation of the materials in Dutse. Ahmad said that the gesture was part of the foundation’s humanitarian services to assist the less privileged, particularly in rural areas. She explained that three cartons of the sanitary pads containing 12 each, were distributed to the beneficiaries, who could not afford to buy sanitary pads during their menstrual period. “I was motivated to provide the pads to the beneficiaries by one report that my mother did about women in rural areas; using rags as sanitary pads. “Being a journalist, I once accompanied my mother to Gandu village, where she did a report about women using rags as pad. “Since then I began to think of a way I can assist girls in rural areas. So, after giving them the pads, we demonstrated to them on how to use the pads,” she said. She pointed out that the decision to provide pads to girls, especially in the rural communities, was because they cannot afford to buy it. According to her, most of the girls use alternatives such as wrappers and cotton wools which can cause infection. “We believe that empowering young school girls will have a long-lasting impact on them, in relation to their studies and health. “The gesture will also help reduce the risk of spreading diseases in their communities,” Ahmad said. She urged wealthy individuals and government at all levels to be committed and invest in the menstrual health of young girls. Ahmad further said that the foundation also distributed warm clothings to over 200 children and babies in the village to reduce the effects of harmattan amongst them. “The gesture is meant to protect our brothers and sisters in rural areas during the harmattan season. We gave out the sweaters to children and babies to enable them live a normal life and protect them from unnecessary illnesses,” Ahmad said. She disclosed that the items were provided from monies saved by her and contributions from some of her friends. According to her, with support from wealthy individuals and organisations, the foundation will continue to assist the less privileged in the state, particularly rural dwellers. NAN reports that Ahmad is a 300 level Microbiology student at Federal University Dutse (FUD), Jigawa. (NAN)