By Okuanwan Offiong Lagos – A Technology Expert, Dr Fidelis Onah, has called for intensive monitoring and intelligence information by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and other relative agencies to checkmate counterfeit devices being brought into Nigeria. Onah, also a Consultant with the FIGROM Technologies Ltd., made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). He spoke on the sidelines of a programme organised by NCC on the “Second Type Approval” Sensitisation workshop held at Ikeja. The consultant, who had earlier presented a paper entitled: “Effects of Counterfeit Devices”, said more sophisticated cutting-edge technology, trained staff and monitoring devices should be deployed to track the menace of counterfeit devices. He identified some effects of the counterfeit devices on individuals as debilitating injuries and deaths, lost of properties to fire, lack of products satisfaction, lack of trust, loss of capital investment and interference. Onah, also a former Director of NCC, said with the Second Type Approval, all operational specifications would be adhered to in order to ensure safety and with compliance to the national standards and proper running of the software programmes. “NCC is an agent of government, if there are any gap, the commission will always reach out to the government and work in hand with the security outfit to ensure compliance. “The business of counterfeit, fake and sub-standard goods is one of the largest underground industries in the world and growing rapidly as the impact on global economy is in billions of dollars. “Second Type Approval or certificate of conformity is granted to a product that meets a minimum set of regulatory, technical and safety requirements. “It is required before a product is allowed to be sold in a particular country so that the requirements for a given product will vary around the county,” he said. According to him, a counterfeit good is a product that closely resembles another product, often of inferior quality in order to trick consumers to buying. He said that imitated product operates below specifications and constitutes potential harm to users and the economy. Onah advised individuals to consult with experts to get right information on any device, especially cell phones. He advised the public not to patronise roadside device sellers, but should rather visit the known, registered and approved dealers to purchase any device or product. (NAN)