Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Some bigwigs in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have commenced underground scheming and politicking to prepare grounds in order to contest the party’s presidential ticket ahead of the 2023 general elections. Top
sources in the party told our correspondent on Sunday in Abuja that the
majority of those who contested the ticket prior to the 2019 elections were
also warming up to re-contest in spite of the fact that the party was yet to
reach any resolution on 2023 zoning formula. The 2019 contenders who slugged it out at the presidential primary in Port
Harcourt were; Atiku Abubakar (North East), Governor Aminu Tambuwal (North
West); Senator Bukola Saraki (North Central); Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso
(North West); former governor of Gombe state, Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo (North
East); former governor of Jigawa state, Sule Lamido (North West). Others were Senator Ahmed Makarfi (North West); former
Minister of Special Duties, Tanimu Turaki (North West); former governor of
Sokoto state, Attahiru Bafarawa (North West); former Senate President, David
Mark (North Central); former governor of Plateau state, Jonah Jang (North
Central and Datti Ahmed (North West). Already the social media space is awash with posters of a
former governor of Kano state, Senator Kwankwaso who came fourth in the
previous race, indicating he would re-contest the party’s apex ticket. Some of the posters sighted by on Facebook, yesterday
carried the inscriptions such as, ‘Our Mission and Vision 2023; Kwankwaso for
President, Federal Republic of Nigeria’, ‘Best Choice 2023; Kwankwaso for
President Federal Republic of Nigeria.’ The posters were adorned with the picture of the former
governor, the PDP colours of red, white, green, and its umbrella logo. Some PDP stalwarts confirmed that some youths were, however,
threatening some top leaders of the party to either again zone the party’s 2023
apex ticket to the North East or face a massive protest in the event that their
request was not heeded to. A member of the National Executive Committee (NEC), which is
the second highest decision-making organ of the party, told our correspondent
in confidence that the PDP considered the threat a move to cause chaos and
disaffection within its rank and file and had written to the Department of
State Service (DSS) and the police top echelons to investigate the issue. “They should not forget the party has a Constitution and
guidelines. We have not even discussed zoning. So, why are some people so
concerned about the presidential ticket being zoned to a particular region? “We have to make a lot of consultations. The National
Working Committee (NWC) has to make a lot of consultations. Our governors have
to make a lot of consultations. Then, the NEC will take a decision,” he said. However, it was learnt that some PDP stalwarts in the South
such as a former Deputy National Chairman (South) and former national
chairmanship contender, Chief Bode George, were perfecting plans to officially
join the race. George’s political associates confirmed that he was
activating his structures in the party to challenge other contenders. (Daily
Trust)