Gunmen on Thursday night attacked Gora Gan community in Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna State, killing seven persons and injuring one. Governor Nasir Ahmad El-Rufa’i of Kaduna while condemning the attack however directed immediate relief intervention for the community. Confirming the incident in a statement Friday afternoon, Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan said, the attackers were already being trailed by the security operatives. The Commissioner gave the identity of those killed as; Peter Akaho (70), Ayuba Steven Sheyin (67), Jummai Ayuba (55), Ishaya Joel (35), Yakubu Saviour (14), Ayuba Goodluck (11) and Patience Ayuba (6). According to him, “The security agencies carrying out internal security operations in parts of southern Kaduna State have reported that Gora Gan community in Zangon Kataf local government came under attack on Thursday night. “Security agencies, comprising the military and police, reported that Gora Gan community was attacked on several fronts, including the market area and houses stretching towards the Tudun Wada area of Gora Gan.  “Troops repelled the attackers, stabilized the general area and retrieved corpses of seven persons:: Peter Akaho (70), Ayuba Steven Sheyin (67), Jummai Ayuba (55), Ishaya Joel (35), Yakubu Saviour (14), Ayuba Goodluck (11) and Patience Ayuba (6). “Security agencies further reported that one person was injured in the attacks, while 13 houses and two shops were burnt in the attack. “Troops of Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), Special Forces of the Defence Headquarters and police personnel are trailing the attackers. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai has condemned the killings of innocent citizens as barbaric and inhuman. “He sent condolences to the families that lost their loved ones and prayed for the repose of their souls. The Governor also wishes the injured citizen speedy recovery. “The Governor has directed the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) to take inventory of the damages incurred and provide relief materials with immediate effect. “The Kaduna State Government has also received a report of sporadic shooting on the Fadan Kagoma-Kwoi Road in Jema’a local government. A driver was shot, but has now been stabilized. “The Governor has directed an investigation into the circumstances leading to the shootings.” The Nation By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Kaduna State Government says it is intensifying efforts toward ensuring permanent peace and security across the state. Gov. Nasir El-Rufai gave the assurance through the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, during a sympathy visit to Gora Gan village, Zangon Kataf Local Government Area,… January 21, 2020 In "News" Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… November 17, 2020 In "News" By Moses Kolo Kafanchan (Kaduna) - Two persons have been killed following attack on Gora-Gan community in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State by gunmen. Mr Elias Manza, the Chairman of the local government area who confirmed the incident, said the attackers opened fire on some youths playing… January 18, 2020 In "News"