The ‘no case submission’ filed by popular Instagram big boy, Ismaila Mustapha, popularly known as Mompha, has been dismissed by a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos stating that he has a case to answer.  Mompha was arraigned alongside a company called Ismalob Global Investment Ltd by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on 22 -count charge bordering on fraud, money laundering, running a foreign exchange business without the authorisation of the Central Bank of Nigeria and declaration of a false audit report In his ruling on ‘no-case submission filed by his lawyer, the presiding Judge, Mohammed Liman while dismissing the application declared that from the evidence adduced before the court by the prosecution witnesses on various counts of the charge, a prima facie case has been established by the prosecution against the defendants. Therefore, the defendant has explanations to make on issues of retention of funds in Islamob account, money laundering, dealing in foreign exchange without authorization from the Central Bank of Nigeria and declaration of a false audit report. Consequently, “the no-case submission’ is overruled” and the defendant is hereby called upon to enter defence” the judge ordered. Thereafter, Justice Liman adjourned till March 10,,2021 for the defendant to open his defence.  Source The prosecution on Friday closed its case in the N32.9 billion money laundering trial of an internet celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha (alias Mompha) before a Federal High Court in Lagos. The prosecution – the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) –closed its case after calling its 10th witness. Mustapha is charged… July 17, 2020 In "News" By Sandra Umeh Lagos - The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Wednesday, re-arraigned social media celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha, alias Mompha, in a Federal High Court Lagos, for alleged N32.9billion fraud. Mompha was first arraigned by the commission on 14 counts bordering on fraud, money laundering and running a… March 4, 2020 In "News" By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - A former Governor of Adamawa, Murtala Nyako, on Wednesday, prayed a Federal High Court, Abuja, to strike out the alleged N40 billion money laundering charge filed against him and others by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). Nyako, in a no-case submission motion filed… March 11, 2020 In "Politics"