Zamfara State Governor, Bello Muhammed Matawalle has said that the solution to the banditry in the north is in Zamfara state which he governs.  The Governor said this while receiving members of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) led by its Chairman Prince Uche Secondus, who paid him a condolence visit over the killing of eight persons in the convoy of the Emir of Kaura Namoda. Matawalle described Zamfara as the epicentre of banditry in the North and further affirmed that the reign of bandits in Northern Nigeria will come to an end if all governors in the region form an alliance to destroy their (bandits) camps in Zamfara State. He Said; “Zamfara is the epicentre of banditry in the North and if the issue of banditry is taken seriously in Zamfara State, I assure you the whole issue of banditry in Northern Nigeria will end. “So, I’m calling on my colleagues and the security agencies to put more efforts in Zamfara State so that we can identify all the camps of the bandits and destroy them. “If we don’t destroy them, we may not be able to end the issue of banditry in the North or Nigeria at large. No matter what the bandits tell you about dialogue or reconciliation, we must be able to mop up the weapons in their hands, without doing so, we are not doing anything.”  Source By Sumaila Ogbaje Faskari (Katsina State) - Gov. Bello Matawalle of Zamfara has urged Nigerians to desist from politicising issues of insecurity affecting many part of the country. Matawalle made the call when he visited the Special Army Super Camp Faskari, Katsina state alongside Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state… August 11, 2020 In "Politics" Governor Bello Mohammed (Matawallen Maradun, Barden Hausa, Shattiman Sakkwato) congratulates the parents of released abducted children of Government Science Secondary School Kankara, Katsina State, just as he regrets statements credited to the All Progressive Congress on the role of Zamfara State in the fight against banditry in the North-West. Governor… December 18, 2020 In "Politics" Governors of the 19 northern states have met with security heads, led by the National Security Adviser (NSA), Maj. Gen. Babagana Monguno (Rtd), to deliberate on the escalation of security security failure in the region. It would be recalled that President Muhammadu Buhari had last week ordered the security heads,… June 23, 2020 In "News"