The leadership of the Catholic Church yesterday gave its backing to Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Dr Hassan Kukah, for his comments. The National Directorate of Social Communications of the Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria in Abuja, in a statement, urged lovers of truth and justice to rise in defence of Bishop Kukah. It faulted attacks on him and what it called an attempt to discredit the obvious truth in his message. The church said: “We are quite aware of the 2020 Christmas Message by our revered Bishop Hassan Kukah and the enormous space it has enjoyed on social media and in the public sphere. “As expected, the agents of evil have gathered to attack the person of the Bishop and to discredit the simple obvious truth of the message.  “This is the stock in trade of evil people. However, they often succeed when good people, Christians, choose to do nothing.” The church said everyone must stand up for they believed in. Quoting a popular verse by St. Augustine, the church said: “Evil is the absence of good.” It added that Nigerians should add their voices in support of goodness to forestall the reign of evil. “The truth about our nation is also that there are only two parties now existing: the good and the evil, the oppressed and the oppressor, the suffering people and the benefiting government officers and their families. “Please stop allowing anyone to fool you with these cards: religion and tribe,” the church said. The Nation Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government hit back at the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Dr. Matthew Kukah on Saturday for suggesting that there would have been a military coup or a war in the country if a non-Northern Muslim leader had practised a fraction of the alleged nepotism… December 27, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Sam Eyoboka THE theatre of battle over the rejection of Bishop Peter Ebere Okpalaeke from Awka Catholic Diocese in Anambra State as the diocesan Bishop of Ahiara Mbaise Catholic Diocese to succeed the pioneer Bishop, Late Rt. Rev. Victor Adibe Chikwe appears to have shifted from the host community… December 23, 2017 In "Local News" As reactions and counter-reactions continue to trail his Christmas message, Bishop of Sokoto Catholic Diocese, Matthew Hassan Kukah, has denied calling for a coup. Bishop Kukah at a media conference with selected journalists held at St Bakhita Secretariat in Sokoto on Monday night urged Nigerians to get the accurate statement… December 29, 2020 In "News"