The Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has said his criticism of the National Working Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party, should not be misunderstood.  The governor maintained that since he lacks the capacity to decamp to another political party, particularly, the All Progressives Congress, he will continue to speak out against perceived abnormalities in the PDP. Wike gave the clarification when friends and political associates paid him a surprise visit, to felicitate with him and his wife, Suzzette, on his birthday at the Government House, Port Harcourt, Sunday night. Wike, in a statement by his media aide, Kelvin Ebiri, said as a founding member of the PDP, he would continue to speak against whatever is militating against the progress of the party, irrespective of who is in charge of the NWC. Wike vowed to continue to stand on the path of truth to defend the interest of the state. According to him, anyone who is opposed to the interest of Rivers state will never be considered as his friend. He dismissed insinuations that he is concentrating development in Port Harcourt, the State capital. He said, “I want to challenged anyone to tell me which local government that you can’t find the presence of our government. I can tell you exactly what we’re doing in each local government.” Speaking on behalf of the Rivers State Executive Council, the Deputy Governor, Dr Ipalibo Banigo, said Wike had been a friend and leader who was focused, vibrant, and determined to fulfil his promises to Rivers people.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rivers Stat koe Governor, Nyesom Wike, on Wednesday, slams his Ebonyi State counterpart, Dave Umahi, for calling him a dictator who controls the structure of the Peoples Democratic Party.Wike also said Umahi was wrong to have said he singlehandedly imposed Uche Secondus as the National Chairman… November 19, 2020 In "Top Stories" A group, PDP Renaissance, urged former President Goodluck Jonathan as well as the Governor of Rivers state, Nyesom Wike, to speak up against the recent Supreme Court’s judgment that sacked the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Emeka Ihedioha as the governor of Imo state. The group, in a… January 22, 2020 In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The Rivers State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has said the recent accusations by the state Governor Nyesom Wike against former commissioner for information, Mrs. Ibim Semenitari; former Governor Chibuike Amaechi and Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, indicate that "the embattled governor is… January 9, 2016 In "Top Stories"