Natasha Akide, a former Big Brother Naija contestant and social media influencer, popularly known as Tacha, would not forget her disqualification from the reality TV show in a hurry.  Recounting the sad experience on her YouTube channel, Tacha stated that though it was a low moment for her, God elevated her. She said, “On September 27, 2019, I was disqualified from Big Brother Naija. That was a very low moment for me, having almost got to the finals and being dropped. Getting disqualified was one of the low moments of my life. I felt down. “There were times I would be all by myself and start crying that I almost got to the last day of the show. It really shook me and a lot of people. But, I got elevated somehow, and I still don’t know how that happened. There is a stigma behind getting disqualified but I am still doing well a year later. “I consider that to be a huge elevation. Some people have gone through such moments in their lives and still have not been able to get back on their feet. For me, it was a different ball game.” Tacha also stated that a year after her disqualification, things started getting tough for her again. She added, “Few people in my circle started acting awkward. Things just started getting hard from around that same time this year and I could not understand why. Things were getting harder and the people in my circle were acting in a certain way. “Who would have thought this little girl from a rural area in Port Harcourt could be the one that many people look up to? I am a living testimony that God is good.” •Tacha Big Brother Naija reality show star, Natacha Ibinabo Anita Akide has shed more light on why she party ways with her former manager, Teebillz and other issues about herself. Background I recall making books for my imaginary school and gathering kids together to teach them. As a child, I… January 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" Winner of Big Brother Naija, Mercy on Friday reconciled with Tacha. Recall that the female housemates while in the reality show were at loggerheads and not the best of friends. However, in a video posted on Tacha’s Instagram page, Mercy was seen hugging and taking pictures with her. They were… October 11, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja - Big Brother Nigeria host, Ebuka Obi Uchendu, has revealed that disqualified housemate, Tacha Akide, has been handed over to her people.  Speaking yesterday via a live Instagram video, the show host further said that as far as he was concerned, she would have been with her people. “I think… September 30, 2019 In "Entertainment"