By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sadness over the death of the Director General, National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Prof. Habu Galadima, describing him as an intellectual colossus who stood tall in the field of scholarship and knowledge. Buhari’s condolence message was contained in a statement issued via twitter by the Senior Special Adviser (Media and Publicity) to the President, Garba Shehu on Sunday. According to the statement, “Galadima was an eloquent and remarkable intellectual whose contributions to scholarship were vast and remarkable, and Nigeria will continue to remember him for these contributions,” the President said while commiserating w/ his family, friends, the government and people of Nasarawa State. President Buhari added that “with the death of Galadima, NIPPS and Nigeria at large has lost one of the best DGs ever appointed to head the institute.” He prayed to Allah to forgive the soul of the departed and reward his good deeds with Al Jannah. By Ismaila Chafe   Abuja   -     President Muhammadu Buhari has described late Aisha Ahmed Lemu as “a repository of knowledge whose depth of scholarship was overwhelming and enviable.” The president stated this in a condolence message issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in… January 6, 2019 In "News" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has mourned the passing of prominent politician and former Deputy Governor of Kano State, Alhaji Magaji Abdullahi, describing him as one of Nigeria's finest and result-driven engineers of his time. This is contained in the president’s condolence message to the family, the government and people… July 25, 2016 In "News" By Ismaila chafe  Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed profound grief at the passing away of the Galadiman Katsina and former President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Mamman Nasir. In a tribute personally signed by him on Sunday in Abuja, President Buhari said: “I received the news of… April 14, 2019 In "News"