Ben Murray-Bruce, Nigerian business mogul, has taken to his verified Twitter page to mourn Nigerian filmmaker, Chico Ejiro.  The former lawmaker used his Twitter page to send his condolences to Nollywood and the family of the deceased. He wrote, “I mourn the death of Nollywood legend and filmmaker, Chico Ejiro. My condolences to his family, the Nollywood family and all the love ones he left behind. May his soul rest in peace.”I mourn the death of Nollywood legend and filmmaker, Chico Ejiro. My condolences to his family, the Nollywood family and all the love ones he left behind. May his soul rest in peace. — Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) December 25, 2020The popular filmmaker died in the early hours today. A source close to the deceased revealed that the filmmaker had been ill. “He was ill about five weeks ago and he was rushed to a hospital in Surulere where he was placed on admission. After about a week, he was discharged and he went back home to recuperate. “From what he said, he had high blood pressure that led to some heart complications. He was recuperating and got better. He even started a production that he was shooting about four days ago but he was not fully involved. “He was just like the supervising director. He will go to the location and supervise them, so, we all felt that he was good. Although he kept saying that he had not gotten back to his full health; he was still very weak. We were shocked about his death because he was even talking to some of his friends till late last night. I learnt he died about 2 am this morning,” the source said. Source Reno Omokri, a former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan and Popular medial mogul, Dele Momodu, has reacted to the death of Evelyn Murray-Bruce, wife of the former lawmaker representing Bayelsa East in the upper legislative chamber, Senator Ben Murray-Bruce. We had earlier reported that Evelyn was battling cancer before her… March 20, 2020 In "Metro" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has condoled with with Sen. Ben Murray-Bruce over the loss of his wife of 41 years, Evelyn. The president’s condolence message was conveyed through a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Friday. Buhari… March 20, 2020 In "Politics" Senator Buruji Kashamu is dead. His good friend, Senator Ben Murray- Bruce, who disclosed this on Saturday said he lost Kashamu “forever to #COVID-19”. Announcing Kashamu’s death on his Twitter handle, Murray – Bruce tweeted: “I have just lost my good friend of forever to #COVID19. Murray-Bruce said further, ”… August 8, 2020 In "News"