Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike says President Muhammadu Buhari’s reputation is on the line following his failure to honour the recent summon by the House of Representatives. The governor’s position was contained in a statement by the Special Assistant (Media) to the Governor, Mr Kelvin Ebiri. In the communique, Governor Wike said the level of insecurity leading to deaths, particularly in Borno State and other parts of the country ought to have compelled President Buhari to keep his promise of honouring the invitation by the House of Representatives. He pointed out that it was APC members who control a majority in the National Assembly that moved the motion to invite the President to address them on what measures are being taken to tackle and end the spate of violent killings, to which he consented.  The governor said it was wrong for the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation to turn around to subject the invitation to legal interpretation, instead of protecting the integrity of the President which is now at stake. “There is insecurity. People are dying. You don’t go by a legal approach to solve that problem. If Mr. President had given the assurance, saying my integrity is at stake, therefore I will go, that decision was not taken without talking first to his inner cabinet. “It’s not a question and answers session. You go with a brief to address the congress. To say, see where it was when we came, see where we are today. Yes, we have not achieved what we thought, but what we require from everyone is cooperation. “For me, I think this is not the period to be legalistic. This is the period every Nigerian should be concerned about what is happening. Just this morning (Friday), I heard that 16 people were killed on Abuja-Kaduna road yesterday. Look at the loss of life in Borno State. Senate has said look, Mr President, relief all Service Chiefs, which means they are concerned about the security situation in the country.” He further stated that if he were the Attorney General of the federation, he would have advised the President privately and urge him to write a letter to the House of Representatives that he would come at a later day because of the exigency of his office. To end the spate of violent crime in the country, Governor Wike recommended the creation of employment opportunities for youths and drastic change to the operational system of policing in the country. He insisted that States must also be allowed to be involved in Community policing. Channels TV A former governor of Ekiti state, Ayodele Fayose, has blasted Nigeria's number one man, President Muhammadu Buhari. The ex governor says President Muhammadu Buhari does not have regard for the legislature and judiciary. Reacting to Buhari’s failure to honour the house of representatives summon over the rising insecurity in the… December 11, 2020 In "Politics" Prominent Senior Advocates of Nigeria and the opposition Peoples Democratic Party members, on Wednesday, faulted the claim by the Attorney-General of the Federation and the Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, SAN, that the National Assembly had no powers to summon the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) over the rising… December 10, 2020 In "Politics" President Muhammadu Buhari has failed to honour the invitation by members of the House of Representatives to address them on the security situation in the country as plenary commenced on Thursday in his absence. Members of the House of Representatives had earlier on December 1st passed a resolution to invite… December 11, 2020 In "Politics"