ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – Nigeria’s online deals marketplace, Dealboku (https://dealboku.com), has named it’s customer and merchant of the year.According to a statement issued on Thursday by Mrs Hannah Atomode, managing consultant, Mr Goodsuccess Abayomi emerged the Dealboku Customer of the Year 2020 while Ezy Auto Spray is Merchant of the Year 2020. She said: “To wrap up 2020 we celebrate our merchants and the customers, who we see as partners. Going through our records, however,  we have identified the merchant and customer that have  stood out in giving patronage to Dealboku.“In this regard Dealboku Merchant of the Year 2020 is EZY AUTO SPRAY while Customer of Year 2020 is Mr. Goodsuccess Abayomi.Our gratitude goes  to all our other partners who have bought into our vision of making quality products and services affordable to Nigerians.“We look forward to a promising 2021 and we wish all our esteemed partners a happy Christmas and a prosperous New Year.”Dealboku was launched by Sundiata Post Media Ltd on 9 July 2020 as a  products and services deal e-commerce platform. ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria's latest e-commerce platform, Dealboku (https://dealboku.com) opens for business today, Thursday, 9 July 2020.Dealboku is promoted by Sundiata Post Media Ltd, publishers of Sundiata Post (https://sundiatapost.com), Nigeria's fast growing multimedia news platform.According to a statement signed by Mr. Max Amuchie, Founder/CEO of Sundiata Post Media, Dealboku is… July 9, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Nigeria's online deals marketplace, Dealboku, has released a set of frequently asked questions (FAQs) in response to inquiries by customers. The FAQs released by the project consultant, Hannah Atomode, reads:Question: How do I register as a customer?Answer: Kindly log into www.dealboku.com, click on sign in or join… August 17, 2020 In "Business" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bitcoin is catching on at U.S. online merchants including Overstock.com and Expedia, as customers use a digital currency that just a few years ago was virtually unknown but is now showing some staying power. Though sales paid for in bitcoin so far at vendors interviewed for… August 28, 2014 In "News"