By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, is relieved at the news of the release of the hundreds of schoolboys kidnapped last week Friday at the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in Katsina State.Lawan says the news that all the kidnapped boys regained their freedom unharmed would delight their parents and all people of goodwill in Nigeria and across the world who have been horrified by the ordeal of the innocent children. He stated this on Friday in a statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi made available to Sundiata Post. The Senate President in particular rejoices with the parents who had been under tremendous emotional stress as they prayed for the safe return of their children.“The past few days have been harrowing for the parents of the students, their teachers and all of us as a nation. “The nightmare sadly reminds us of our country’s continued vulnerability to heartless crimes such as the kidnap of hundreds of schoolgirls in Chibok in 2014 and the Dapchi incident of 2018. The blemish of those earlier incidents is still on us as a country and we had hoped that the outrage that they sparked would mean such never happened again in Nigeria. “This sad recurrence is, therefore, enough warning to us as a nation to deploy all the resources required for the security of our educational institutions, and indeed of everywhere else where our children gather, to protect them against cowardly attacks by primitive terrorists. “I commend the prompt intervention and productive engagement of President Muhammadu Buhari, Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina state and others which resulted in the release of the children,” Lawan says. The Senate President also praises the security forces and the intelligence community for their coordinated efforts that brought this saga to early closure and urges them to continue in the same spirit and with the same approach in addressing other security issues across Nigeria.Ola Awoniyi Special Adviser(Media)to President of the Senate.  Katsina State Governor Aminu Masari has disclosed that 17 of the missing schoolboys kidnapped from a Government Science Secondary School (GSSS) in Kankara Local Government Area of the state have escaped from captivity. Governor Masari who disclosed this in an interview on Monday evening said the schoolboys were found and… December 15, 2020 In "News" Oby Ezekwesili, a former Minister of Education, has again, called for the release of girls kidnapped by Boko Haram. The former minister renewed her demand for the release of schoolgirls kidnapped in Chibok and Dapchi after 344 abducted Katsina schoolboys were freed on Thursday. The PUNCH reports that hundreds of… December 18, 2020 In "Entertainment" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News"