Security operatives comprising Nigerian Army, Nigerian Police, Department of State Security Service (DSS) and other agencies early Thursday morning cordoned off the Abakaliki, Ebonyi State Building Materials Market following the discovery of a cache of arms and ammunition. News Express gathered that security agents were drafted to the market in a commando-style around 7:30 a.m. to forestall any breakdown of law and order. The security agents prevented both traders and customers access in and out of the market while those already inside before they came were not allowed to leave. They also closed off Afikpo road leading to the market, forcing motorists to take alternate routes. Afikpo road is the main entrance into Abakaliki from the Enugu – Abakaliki expressway and the closure caused heavy traffic around the area. It was also gathered that the State Governor, Engr. David Umahi, later visited the market around 11:00 a.m. to see things for himself. “We are still investigating,” a top security source said. A source at the market claimed the ammunition were loaded in a truck and disguised with other goods. The source claimed that the goods were bound for Yola, Adamawa State. The claims could not be independently verified at the time of this publication. The Commissioner of Police (CP) Philip Maku did not respond to numerous queries for comment. News Express The Nigerian Army and other security agencies on Thursday cordoned off the Abakaliki Building Materials Market. The security agents were said to have surrounded the market in a commando-style around 9 am. They refused to allow anyone inside the market while those already inside before they came were not allowed… December 17, 2020 In "News" By CHARLES IWUOHA ABAKALIKI - The Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, has asked the Ebonyi State Police Commissioner, CP Sule Maku, and the Commandant of the Nkwagu Military Cantonment to ensure the dismantling of all road blocks in the state. Umahi gave the directive while addressing #EndSARs protesters who stormed… October 20, 2020 In "News" According to a report by TheNation, an Elderstatesman in Ebonyi state, Geoffery Mgbada, was killed in the early hours of Tuesday by suspected members of Vehicle Inspection Officers, VIO who were along Presco-Ezza road, Abakaliki. The deceased, who was said to be driving with his wife, was intercepted by the… May 14, 2019 In "Top Stories"