Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Three nationals of Benin Republic have been arrested in Lagos for allegedly siphoning 6,250 litres of petrol. Parading the suspects, the Commandant of Lagos State Command of Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Mr Paul Ayeni said the suspects were recently arrested by the Nigerian Navy’s psatrol team  and handed to NSCDC on Dec.5  at about 7:50 a.m. He said: “The three suspects: Bidem Kakon, 32; Gbeza Atanancy, 24; and Haunsa Crepin, 25; were arrested in a wooden boat conveying 6,250 litres of PMS. ”The suspects will soon be taken to court to face the wrath of the law due to the economic sabotage they caused the nation.”The PMS siphoned by the bunkerers which is worth N1.2 million can serve about 500 households if not stolen.’’ ”Until their arrest, they lived at No 6 Adogeta Street, Cotonou,” he saidThe commandant said the suspects were arrested at a frontier between Nigerian Maritime Boundary and the Republic of Benin. He said that the suspects would soon be prosecuted. By Moses Omorogieva Lagos - The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Lagos State on Monday said it had arrested 19 nationals of Benin Republic for alleged theft of over 50,000 litres of petroleum products. The NSCDC Commandant in the state, Mr Tajudeen Balogun, confirmed the arrest to… September 3, 2018 In "Metro" Ikeja  -The Lagos State Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) on Monday said it had arrested 13 suspected pipeline vandals. The Commandant, Mr Gabriel Abafi, who made the disclosure while addressing journalists at Ikeja, said the suspects were arrested on Aug. 5 and Aug. 7. Abafi… August 10, 2015 In "News" By Peter Okolie Onitsha  -  The Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC), Anambra, has arrested seven suspects with three articulated vehicles, carrying 110, 000 litres of suspected adulterated petroleum products. The NSCDC State Commandant, Mr John Ahwen, made this disclosure on Monday in an interview with the News Agency… January 30, 2017 In "Metro"