By Agencies Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  A court in Ankara on Wednesday sentenced 92 defendants, including former generals to life in prison or attempting to violate constitutional order. The trial was linked to the 2016 abortive putsch by a faction in Turkish military. The trial, focusing on the incidents at land forces headquarters in Ankara, started in 2017 with 132 defendants on trial. Out of the 92 life sentences given, 12 were aggravated life sentences, state news agency Anadolu reported. Aggravated life sentences are the most severe terms possible in Turkey. Twenty-eight people were given varying jail sentences, with some facing up to more than 19 years in prison. The charges ranged from attempted murder to membership in an armed terrorist organisation. The court acquitted nine people of all charges, while trial will continue for three others, Anadolu reported. Turkey blames U.S-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen for the attempted coup on July 15, 2016 and has jailed thousands over alleged links to the cleric. Once an ally of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Gulen denies any role in the failed attempt that left more than 250 dead. Ankara has designated Gulen’s movement, accused of infiltrating key state institutions for decades a terrorist organisation. Several trials related to the coup are still ongoing in Turkey. Istanbul    -      Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said on Thursday that Turkey expects to conclude majority of the more than 100 ongoing court cases related to a failed 2016 coup, according to state news agency, Anadolu. “One or two court cases, including Akinci or those with a high… September 6, 2018 In "Foreign" Istanbul - An Istanbul court on Friday sentenced 70 former Turkish Air Force cadets to life for their role in a 2016 coup attempt.“However, 55 of the cadets were tried in absentia as they are believed to have fled abroad,’’ state news agency Anadolu reported.According to Anadolu, the trial involves… January 3, 2020 In "Foreign" Istanbul - Six staffers of Turkey’s opposition Cumhuriyet Newspaper were sent back to jail on Thursday to serve out the remainder of their sentences from a trial on terrorism charges, two of their lawyers said. 14 staffers of Cumhuriyet, some of the few remaining voices critical of the government, were… April 25, 2019 In "Foreign"