The US government confirmed Sunday that its computer networks had been hit by a cyberattack, as The Washington Post reported at least two departments had been targeted by Russian state hackers. “We have been working closely with our agency partners regarding recently discovered activity on government networks,” a spokesperson for the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency revealed. “CISA is providing technical assistance to affected entities as they work to identify and mitigate any potential compromises.” The Post said the hacks were linked to an attack last week on cybersecurity firm FireEye, which said its own defenses were breached by sophisticated attackers who stole tools used to test customers’ computer systems. FireEye said it suspected the attack was state-sponsored. US media reports also said the FBI was investigating a group working for the Russian foreign intelligence service, SVR, and that breaches had been taking place for months.  The same group also reportedly hacked US government agencies during the Obama administration. “The United States government is aware of these reports and we are taking all necessary steps to identify and remedy any possible issues related to this situation,” National Security Council spokesman John Ullyot said.  Russia’s embassy in the US hit back later Sunday against what it said were the “unfounded” media claims, denying any role in the alleged attacks. “Malicious activities in the information space contradicts the principles of the Russian foreign policy, national interests and our understanding of interstate relations,” the embassy said in a statement on its official Facebook page. “Russia does not conduct offensive operations in the cyber domain.” The Nation (Reuters) - Cybersecurity company FireEye Inc raised its full-year revenue forecast as governments and businesses increase spending to protect their networks from sophisticated cyber attacks. Shares of FireEye, which also reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue, rose 1.7 percent in extended trading on Thursday. Recent high-profile cyber attacks, such as those on… May 2, 2015 In "News" (Reuters) - Rapid7, LogRhythm and Mimecast are joining a growing list of cybersecurity firms planning to go public in 2015 to capitalize on investor interest following a spate of hacker attacks, according to people familiar with the matter. Shares of publicly traded cybersecurity firms have outperformed the market in recent… March 21, 2015 In "News" WASHINGTON - As U.S. military leaders outlined their strategy before Congress to fight Islamic State militants on the battlefield, the National Security Agency chief said on Tuesday he was watching the media-savvy group's cyber capabilities. Asked whether the Sunni Muslim group was planning cyber attacks on U.S. interests, Admiral Mike… September 17, 2014 In "News"