The Department of State Services (DSS) has raised the alarm over the “plot to bomb some places” during Yuletide.  In a statement on Tuesday, the agency asked Nigerians to be on the alert, saying it is taking steps to prevent attacks across the country. Peter Afunanya, DSS spokesman, advised those planning to disrupt public peace to desist from such. “The Department of State Services (DSS) wishes to inform the public about plans by some criminal elements to carry out violent attacks on public places including key and vulnerable points during the yuletide seasons,” the statement read.  “The planned dastardly acts are to be executed through the use of explosives, suicide bombing and other dangerous weapons. “The objective is to create a general sense of fear among the people and subsequently undermine the Government. “Against this backdrop, citizens are called upon to be extra vigilant and report strange movements and indeed, all suspicions around them to security and law enforcement agencies.  “On its part, the Service is collaborating with other sister agencies to ensure that adequate measures are put in place for protection of lives and property.” Afunanya provided emergency response numbers which he asked Nigerians to take advantage of. “To further achieve this purpose, the Service has provided these emergency response numbers 08132222105 and 09030002189 for urgent contacts. It is also using this opportunity to unveil its interactive website www.dss.gov.ng for public communication support,” he said. “Everyone is encouraged to take advantage of these platforms and similar ones provided by related agencies to timely reach and avail them (security agencies) of required information.” TheCable AWKA - The Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) weekend disassociated itself from the rumoured plan to attack Anambra State office of the Directorate of State Services (DSS) by pro-Biafra agitators. In a statement by MASSOB National Secretary Comrade Ugwuoke Ibem Ugwuoke, the group reiterated… December 30, 2019 In "News" Abuja   -      The Department of State Services (DSS) has arrested a suspected Boko Haram and kidnappers medic, Yusuf Salisu, aka Bala at Sabon Birni village, Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The Public Relations Officer of the service, Mr Peter Afunanya, said in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday… November 21, 2018 In "News" Abuja - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, (NNPC) has engaged the Department of State Services (DSS) and Economic and the Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to stop the hoarding and diversion of petroleum products. This is contained in a statement issued by NNPC’s Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Mr… November 25, 2015 In "News"