Former Nigerian senator, Dino Melaye, has urged Nigerians and other African countries to say NO to the COVID-19 vaccine.  In a viral video which has been shared on social media platforms including Twitter and Instagram, the former senator advised Nigerians and Africans “not to accept the use of any vaccine for now.” Mr Melaye insinuated that it is impossible to have secured a vaccine for the novel virus given that “other diseases like cancer, diabetes and HIV/AIDS still have no vaccines”. “For 100 years now, we could not find a vaccine for cancer, for over 40 years we are yet to find a vaccine for HIV/AIDS, for over another 100 years research is still going on to find a vaccine for diabetes. How is it possible on earth is it possible that in one year, you find a vaccine for COVID-19?” He claimed that some people who took “that vaccine”, died within three days; a claim not backed by facts as the few countries that have started administering the virus have yet to report such deaths. Countries such as the U.S. and the UK have began administering the virus. “I am calling on African leaders not to allow Africans to be used as guinea pigs by developed nations for their satanic reasons,” he said in the video. “We say no to the application of any vaccine in Africa. We call on the Minister of Health of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to immediately discontinue the interaction with those who want to give us vaccine.” Mr Melaye, known for his theatrics, said the vaccines “were killers and the federal government will be held accountable if any vaccine is applied on Nigerians and has negative effects”. See Video Below; A post shared by Senator Dino Melaye (SDM) (@dinomelaye) Source A coronavirus vaccine will not be available before the end of the year, a a World Health Organisation (WHO) expert has said. There were hopes in Britain that a Covid-19 vaccine being developed by researchers at the University of Oxford could be ready by Christmas as the disease continues to… July 23, 2020 In "Health" A Nigerian doctor, Dr. Onyema Ogbuagbu, is at the centre of the Pfizer-led research, development and trials that have culminated in a breakthrough for COVID-19 vaccines. Pfizer, after the conclusion of its trials, recently announced that its COVID-19 vaccine was more than 90 per cent effective. A few days after,… November 22, 2020 In "Health" BY Kemi Akintokun Lagos - A Medical Researcher, Dr Babatunde Adewale, has urged the three tiers of government to provide the enabling environment to aid the medical researchers’ works during public health emergency. Adewale, also Head, Public Health and Epidemiology Department, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Yaba, Lagos, gave… May 22, 2020 In "Health"