Voluptuous actress, Peju Johnson has vowed to remain single rather than end up a second wife. The script interpreter told Inside Nollywood that she would never involve herself in polygamy and thus play a second fiddle in marriage. “I would never get into a polygamous marriage. I cannot marry somebody’s husband. I’m still young. I’m not in a rush at all. My own husband would come. So far, nobody is pressurizing me to get married. My mum is the most understanding mother. She knows that when the time is right, I’ll do the right thing,” Ms Johnson stated. She added: “Nowadays, there are lots of unserious men that do not know what they actually want. They just want to joke around, cook up fake love stories in other to sleep with women. So, what I mean by responsible man is the one who wants something serious, and also wants to settle down. Or the one who is tired of all those games and wants to get serious with life. It is very hard to spot a serious man. That’s why I’m still single because they (men) all know how to pretend and act real and serious at first.” On what she has been doing since after the COVID-19 lockdown, the light-skinned screen idol said, “Lockdown affected so many things – work, business and all. I was unable to produce my movies this year. So, I’ve rescheduled them till 2021.” Saturday Sun Delectable actress, Nazareth Jesse, is one of the emerging faces heating up Nollywood. The first born of her family, Jesse, as she is fondly called by friends and admirers, opens up on life as an actress, real reason married women cheat on their husbands and plans for the rest of… June 23, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja -  Nigerians have taken to social media to express their opinions on broken marriages as famous Nollywood actress Toyin Aimakhu says she will never get married again. The actress who is popularly known for her role in Yoruba movies, made this statement in an interview after confirming that she… May 4, 2016 In "Entertainment" The quintessential queen of the tube spoke candidly with LANRE ODUKOYA about her consciousness of what her status as a mother and wife demands as against what fans love to see.  From the lady who would throw all in to interpret movie roles, a lot has changed about the prolific… May 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"