Bye-elections are currently holding in 11 states across the country, covering six senatorial districts and nine state constituencies. While Lagos and Cross River are the only states where both senatorial and state assembly elections are being conducted, the other nine states are either holding senatorial or assembly elections. INEC had postponed the elections earlier scheduled for October 31, following the #EndSARS protests and other security and environmental challenges. In Lagos, about 1.1 million registered voters spread across 71 wards, 1,928 polling units and 188 voting points are set to cast their vote in the east senatorial elections, while 280,363 registered voters are expected to participate in the Kosofe Constituency (II) of the State House of Assembly’s bye-election.  In Ikorodu Senatorial district, voting commenced at about 9:30 am today. However, there was initially a brief controversy over a campaign poster which was mounted close to the polling unit. The matter was eventually resolved after the party candidate arrived to vote and the poster was taken down. In a statement issued on Friday, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, had announced a restriction of movement from 6:00am to 6:00pm. He explained that the move is to ensure free, fair and credible polls. Channels TV The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has assured that the nation’s democracy and electoral process cannot be truncated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Commission therefore insisted that all elections will go on as scheduled despite the Coronavirus scare, adding that “while the Commission takes the COVID-19 pandemic seriously, our democracy… May 30, 2020 In "News" By Funmilola Gboteku/Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos - Yiaga Africa, an NGO, has expressed concern over technological challenges and non-compliance with public health guidelines during the recent bye election conducted by INEC in Nasarawa state constituency. The Executive Director, Mr Samson Itodo made this known on Thursday, in a statement made available… August 13, 2020 In "News" Kankiya (Katsina state)  -  The Independent National Electoral Commission( INEC )has commenced the bye election into the Kankiya/Kusada/Ingawa federal constituency. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the election kicked off at exactly 8:00am under tight security across the three local government areas . Malam Musa Abdulmajid an agent of… November 17, 2018 In "Politics"