By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has vowed to end kidnapping in the country, noting that Kankara incident will never happen again in Katsina. Sundiata Post recall that about 344 students were kidnapped by bandits on December 11 and were released unhurt on December 17, following the intervention of security personnel. Speaking on Wednesday before going into a meeting with top officials of the police and the police high command in Katsina, Adamu said the meeting is to re-strategize and come up with tactics that will not give criminals the opportunity to operate in the state. TheCable quoted the IGP as saying that, “The recent Kankara incident was unfortunate. I am in Katsina to ensure that such an incident will and shall never happen again. “We are in Katsina today to ensure that the state is crime-free. Internal security is the job of the police. We should never give an opportunity to criminals to operate and we have resolved not to allow either bandits or any other criminals anytime to operate either in the morning, afternoon, or at night. “That is why we are liaising with our partners including security agencies and other stakeholders like the Miyyetti Allah, not to allow bandits and other criminals to operate. Recall that President Muhammadu Buhari commended the army, police and Kaduna state governor, Bello Masari for their efforts in ensuring the release of the abducted school boys of Kankara. Was it not strange that the abduction of Kankara boys occurred on the day President Muhammadu Buhari arrived Daura, his hometown, in Katsina State, on a private visit? It is even more curious that the abductees were released on his birthday. Buhari last visited the state in December 2019, when… December 19, 2020 In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, is relieved at the news of the release of the hundreds of schoolboys kidnapped last week Friday at the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in Katsina State.Lawan says the news that all the kidnapped boys regained… December 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The federal government said yesterday that it employed other means but did not pay ransom to secure the safe release of the 344 schoolchildren kidnapped fromGovernment Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, who stated this at the Radio… December 19, 2020 In "Top Stories"