Billionaire businessman, Chief Harry Akande, is dead. A statement by his son, Olumide Akande, disclosed that the Agba Oye of Ibadanland, who was born on March 3, 1943, died in the early hours of today, Saturday, December 5, 2020. According to Olumide, “In the early hours of Saturday December 5, 2020, our patriarch Chief Harry Ayodele Akande passed away following a brief illness. “Chief Harry Akande was an astute businessman of international repute whose legacy and influence cut across continents. “But by far his greatest passion was for a better Nigeria that guaranteed equity and justice for all. It is our fervent hope that this will be a reality in the not too distant future. “His passing is a huge shock to his immediate & extended family, friends & associates. We are all grappling to make some sense of it. “As we seek the repose of his gentle soul, we ask you to in turn to uphold us in your prayers while we pass through this very turbulent period of our lives occasioned by the loss of someone as dear as him.” Here are five female celebrities who don’t have to work a day because they have really rich hubbies. 1. Dakore Egbuson Akande Dakore Egbuson Akande needs no introduction as she’s one of the biggest names in the entertainment industry, Nollywood to be precise. Dakore’s acting career has been one which… January 25, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Akeem Abas Ila-Orangun (Osun) -  The Presidency,  Oyo and Osun State Governments as well as the ruling APC  on  Wednesday  condoled with elder statesman, Chief Bisi Akande,  on the death of his wife, Omowunmi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the deceased,  who was   73, died on… July 12, 2017 In "News" L-R: Chief Uche Onwude, new Board Member, NCC, Prof. Danbatta, Dr. Pantami, and Prof. Akande, New Board Chairman, NCC Nigeria Government has given a fresh mandate on telecoms regulation in the country to the new board of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC ordering the board headed by Prof. Adeolu Akande… February 17, 2020 In "News"