75-year-old Israeli man dies two hours after getting COVID-19 vaccine A 75-year-old man from Beit Shean died Monday morning from cardiac arrest, about two hours after receiving the Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine. The man received the vaccine at 8:30 in the morning, and waited for the customary time at the health clinic before he was released to his home feeling well. Sometime later, the man lost consciousness and was later confirmed dead from heart failure. The Health Ministry said, “A 75-year-old man from the north of the country suffering from active heart disease and malignant disease, who has undergone a number of heart attacks, was vaccinated this morning against the coronavirus and died at home shortly after the procedure.” “The Director General of the Ministry of Health, Prof. Hezi Levy, has appointed a case investigation committee headed by the head of the Safety and Quality Division in the Ministry of Health. “We share in the family’s grief,” the ministry said, adding that “Initial examination does not show a link between the unfortunate incident and the vaccination.” “The vaccination campaign continues,” it stated. (www.newsnow.co.uk) By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos - The Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, says it has placed three of its health workers on isolation after their contact with a patient who died of COVID-19. Dr Ibrahim Mustafa, the Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee (CMAC) of LASUTH, made this known to the… April 5, 2020 In "Health" Health Minister of the northern Indian state of Haryana Anil Vij, who was given a trial dose of a Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine in November, tested positive for the virus on Saturday. Vij, who is the holding charge of several ministries including health, said on Twitter that he had contracted the… December 5, 2020 In "Health" The Lagos State Government has announced that a 36-year-old man died of coronavirus in the state. The Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the announcement via his Twitter handle on Sunday. He said that the Nigerian died on Saturday in a private facility. Abayomi confirmed the death as… April 5, 2020 In "News"