Vanguard reoports that a medical doctor in Cross River state has been attacked.  The doctor with Monaya Hospital, Ogoja in the northern part of Cross River State was reportedly attacked by Fulani herdsmen. The doctor who gave his name as Njoku said he narrowly escaped being abducted by two herdsmen on Tuesday night shortly after he arrived home from work. “I left the hospital about 8.00 pm to my house and as I alighted from the car two Fulani men with pistols emerged from the bush close to my house and ordered me to lie down”. He said he asked them what was the problem, they then asked him to follow them to the bush to see their leader. “At that point it occurred to me that I will not come back alive so I jumped on the one behind me and began to wrestle with him”. The medical doctor narrated that while he tried to wrestle with one, the other came to assist his colleague and shot him at the back. According to him, he let go the one he was wrestling with and began to run with the herdsmen chasing after him. ” I tried to stop vehicles but none stopped until I got to a school only to find the gate locked I then crawled into a gutter and hid under a bridge “. Njoku who was still bleeding from the gunshot wounds is receiving medical attention at the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital where doctors are working to remove the pellets. The Chief of Monaya, Igri Ishor said the incident is the first time herdsmen are attacking anybody in the area and promised to take up the matter with the leadership of Fulanis in the area DSP Irene Ugbo, the Cross River State Police Command spokesman said she is yet to be briefed on the matter.  Source The month of November 2020 began on a sad note for the family of Dr Godwin Udo of the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital. On the first day of the month when Nigerians were calling their loved ones and sending congratulatory messages to them for witnessing the new month, Udo’s… December 12, 2020 In "News" •Bello Abdullahi Bodejo   The National President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo, has said that the Fulani herdsmen don’t need anybody’s approval or permission to occupy any land in any part of the country. He said the group’s own security outfit is set to roll out with some… June 6, 2020 In "Interview" Cross River - The Chairman of Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) in the Cross River State, Dr Agam Ayuk confirmed the mass exodus of doctors.   Mass exodus of medical Doctors has hit the General Hospitals in Cross River State. When visited the Hospital on Mary Slessor Road, Calabar on Monday, it was… September 2, 2019 In "News"