gentleman agreement’ was reached at the last meeting in which ASUU agreed to call off the strike before December 9, 2020, and the minister, in turn, agreed that once the strike is called off, he would get a presidential waiver for ASUU to be paid the remainder of their salaries on or before December 9,” Ngige stated.  This was contained in a statement from Ngige media office on Tuesday, titled, ‘We have kept our promises to ASUU – FG.’ Ngige said it was false and discomfiting for ASUU to wrongly inform the public that the government agreed to pay all withheld salaries before it would resume work, stressing that the timelines attached to the various offers made to the union had been complied with. The minister stated, “The N40b Earned Academic Allowances have also been processed just as the N30bn revitalisation funds, bringing it to N70bn. Likewise, the visitation panels for the universities have been approved by the President but the panel cannot perform its responsibilities until the shut universities are re-opened. “The gazetting is also being rounded off at the Office of the Attorney-General of the Federation while the Ministry of Education is ready to inaugurate the various visitation panels.” He disclosed that “they were paid for February and March, after which it was extended to April, May and June, months they were on strike on compassionate ground, bringing it to five months.” The statement added, “Asking the government to pay these four months before it goes back to work means ASUU is placing itself above the law of the land and no government will encourage it as it is a recipe for chaos in the labour milieu.”  Meanwhile, the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has said that the eight-month long strike by ASUU was an indication that university lecturers had not taken into consideration the larger challenges facing the country. “Government conceded something. The problem is that they refused to look at the problem of the whole country. The Minister of Labour is working hard at it. It is amazing how ASUU will stay out of classrooms for so long. There’s a need for our elite to understand the challenges facing the country,” The President added.  Source THE Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) cannot claim to be autonomous when lecturers are paid by the government, Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, said on Wednesday. He said autonomy can only work when a university generates its resources to pay workers and meet its obligation. Ngige… November 12, 2020 In "Education" The Federal Government has agreed to release N30bn earned academic allowance to the university lecturers.   The money will be paid in tranches between May 2021 and February 2022.   Our correspondent gathered that the FG also promised to spend N20bn on the revitalisation of the education sector as part… October 16, 2020 In "Education" By Joan Nwagwu Abuja - The Federal Government said it has released N163 billion to the universities from the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund), but striking academics are stalling in calling off their strike. Sen. Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour and Employment, said this while addressing newsmen after a closed… January 22, 2019 In "News"