President Muhammadu Buhari has disclosed that the land borders will be reopened to neighbouring countries soon.  Buhari made this known during a closed door meeting with the 36 state governors of the country. The meeting with 36 state governors on the issue of security with a charge to them to work more with traditional rulers and community members to improve local intelligence gathering that will aid the work of security agencies. The President, who listened to presentations by a governor from each of the six geo-political zones on their specific security challenges, recalled that in the old order communities identified new comers and passed information to constituted authority. He said on Twitter; “In my meeting with State Governors today I explained that the closure of Nigeria’s land borders was partly an attempt to control the smuggling in of weapons & drugs. Now that the message has sunk in with our neighbours, we’re looking into reopening the borders as soon as possible. We are investing heavily in weapons and equipment for our military. They have already received armoured cars and other equipment, and aircraft, and more will come in. We will continue to give them all the support they need to fight criminals. We must and will secure Nigeria. Intelligence-gathering is also very critical to ensuring lasting security in Nigeria. In this regard, everyone has a role to play, in addition to the security agencies: Governors, traditional rulers, community leaders, citizens. We must all work to boost intelligence-gathering”.  Source Abuja-President Muhammadu Buhari and his Cameroonian counterpart, Paul Biya, have agreed to work towards the completion of the demarcation of the land boundary between Nigeria and Cameroon before the end of 2015. This is contained in a communiqué issued on Thursday at the conclusion of Buhari’s official visit to Cameroon.… July 30, 2015 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari and State Governors on Tuesday ended their meeting on the state of the nation’s security with call for a joint strategy to bring various conflicts to an end within time limits. They also called on field commanders to take measures to protect… August 12, 2020 In "Politics" The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Igbo National Council (INC), an Igbo socio-cultural group has issued a 90 day ultimatum to the governors of the southeast zone to inaugurate their own regional outfit. The meeting was attended by members from 20 states. The ultimatum was made public by the… February 26, 2020 In "Politics"