Unknown gunmen on Wednesday kidnapped Barr. Bashir Mohammed, the member representing Nguroje Constituency in the Taraba State House of Assembly.  A family source who preferred anonymity said the Chairman House Committee on Information was picked up from his residence behind Dr Jalo Eid prayer ground in Jalingo at about 1:45 am. The source also disclosed that during the operation which lasted for about three hours, there was no interference by any security operative to stop their operation. Map of TarabaA map of Taraba, a state in Nigeria’s North-East region. As at the time of filing this report, the Police Public Relations Officer, David Misal is yet to confirm the abduction.  Bashir joins the list of Taraba lawmakers who have been kidnapped in recent years. In January 2018, Hosea Ibi, a lawyer who represented Takum II Constituency in the Taraba State House of Assembly, was found dead after he was abducted by gunmen on the 30th of December 2017.  Source Unknown gunmen in the early hours of yesterday kidnapped the Deputy Registrar (Administration) of the Taraba State University, Jalingo, Mr. Sanusi Sa’ad. The chapter chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Dr. Samuel Shikaa confirmed the incident in the capital.He said the captive, who doubles as the institution’s… May 1, 2019 In "News" 。。。 As Dapchi Schools Remain Closed 11 Days After 。。。PDP Hails Reps’ Probe of Dapchi Abduction 。。。As NBA, ECWA Women Urge FG to Ensure Safe Return of Abducted Girls 。。。Residents Hold Prayer for Schoolgirls 。。。Parents Lament Failure to Secure Girls’ Release 。。。Military Seeks Information, Cooperation   Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Jama’atu… March 2, 2018 In "News" MAIDUGURI, Nigeria - Suspected Boko Haram insurgents rounded up and shot dead dozens of people in a raid in a town in northeast Nigeria on Wednesday, military and local sources said, part of a resurgence of attacks in Borno state in the past month. "Many people were killed," said a military… July 3, 2015 In "News"