The Etsu Nupe and Chairman, Niger State Council of Traditional Rulers, Alhaji Yahaya Abubakar, has described the death of the publisher of Leadership newspaper, Mr Sam Nda-Isaiah as shocking and painful. Alhaji Abubakar who spoke in his Wadata Palace on Saturday expressed sadness over the sudden demise of a renowned journalist and professional. “Words cannot express the rude shock and pain in losing such a compatriot in the struggle to make our society a better place,” Alhaji Abubakar said. This death is a great loss that has robbed us of a consummate news man whose patriotism and love for a better Nigeria is not in doubt. Alhaji Abubakar said, “His incisive and poignant contributions to national discourse will be greatly missed”. The monarch also described late Kakaki Nupe as a fearless publisher who was known for demanding justice for the ordinary people He further noted that Nupe Emirate, Niger, Kogi States and Nigeria had lost a veteran journalist who bestrode the heights of his chosen profession like a colossus. “He left behind an indelible mark not only on the journalism profession but also on moving the country to greater heights. The royal father said he was deeply touched when he received the news that late Sam Nda-Isaiah who is also the Kakaki Nupe had passed on. The Etsu Nupe condole with the family members of the deceased, the staff and management of the Leadership Group as well as friends and associates of the late Nda-Isaiah He also commiserated with the Nigeria Union of Journalists, the Nigeria Guild of Editors, Newspaper Publishers Association and the family of the deceased, prayed Almighty Allah to grant them the fortitude to bear the irreplaceable loss as it is only Allah that has the power to give and take life. LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - All Progressives Congress National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has mourned the death of Leadership newspaper publisher, Mr. Sam Nda-Isaiah, who he described as a courageous and conscientious journalist and columnist.In an emotional statement issued by his Media Office and signed by Tunde Rahman, Asiwaju Tinubu said… December 12, 2020 In "News" Federal Poly, Bida, To Begin Degree Programmes Soon, Says Official June 17, 2017 In "Education" By Aminu Garko Minna - The Secretary to the Niger State Government (SSG), Ahmed Matane, has commiserated with the people of the state and the Bida Emirate over the death of former Chief Judge of the State, Justice Jibril Ndajiwo, Magajin Gari Nupe.Late Justice Jibril Ndajiwo died on Aug. 11… August 11, 2020 In "News"