Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Lagos State chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has directed all churches in the state to close cross-over services by 11 pm on December 31, 2020. Bishop Stephen Adegbite, the Lagos CAN Chairman stated this on Monday at a media briefing. The association denied reports that it was at loggerheads with the state government over the timing for cross-over services. It can be recalled that the state government had ordered churches to “respect” the 12 a.m to 4 a.m curfew which is in place in the state to check the spread of COVID-19. Speaking, Adegbite said: “As part of our responsibility as a law-abiding organisation and in response to the appeal made to us by the State Government, we hereby direct that all churches should ensure their services on 31st of December, 2020 end at 11:00 pm so as to allow attendees get to their respective homes and places of rest on or before 12:00 midnight when the curfew will start.” He added that the body is making arrangements for live TV broadcast that would begin at 11:30 pm and end at 12:30 am for people to join from home. Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi state on Friday lifted the ban on religious worship after more than a month ban on opening of churches, mosques and other religious centers. The lifting of the ban which is to take effect from 15th May, 2020 will have religious centers conduct their worship… May 15, 2020 In "News" As the Federal Government begins the second phase of the four weeks easing of the lockdown to open up some economic and social activities, the evacuation of Nigerians abroad has been suspended until a new policy on mandatory supervised isolation of persons arriving the country is completed. Also, prior arrangements… June 1, 2020 In "News" By Obinna Unaeze Minna - Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Niger State chapter, Rev. Mathias Echioda, on Sunday urged Churches to follow worship guidelines issued to them in order to check the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19). Echioda gave this advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… March 22, 2020 In "News"