A Brazilian footblaler, Robinho will spend the next 9 years in jail.  He was accused of participating in a gang rape of a young woman at a nightclub in Milan in 2013, Italian media report. The sentence was confirmed by a Milan Court of Appeal on Thursday. Robinho, former player of Real Madrid or of Manchester City, played in the Milan in that season and participated with a friend, Ricardo Falco, in the rape of an Albanian girl who was celebrating in a local acquaintance in Milan his 23rd birthday. Santos, who had announced the return of the 36-year-old Brazilian striker in early October, suspended his contract shortly thereafter following pressure arising from the sexual violence conviction he received in Italy. In a statement published by Santos, it was explained that the operation was suspended so that the player could “concentrate exclusively on his defense in the process that takes place in Italy.” Robinho denied the accusations in 2014, when the news broke that Italy was investigating him for these events. In 2009, while participating in the English league, it emerged that Robinho was being investigated by the police for an alleged rape in a nightclub in Leeds (center), although, after being subjected to interrogation, he was released on bail.  Source Milan - Inter Milan’s new signing Romelu Lukaku has been handed the coveted number nine shirt which previously belonged to Mauro Icardi who was stripped of the captaincy last season. Inter Milan posted a photograph of the Belgian forward wearing the shirt on the club’s Instagram account one day after… August 9, 2019 In "Sports" English football was preparing to welcome back one of its most controversial characters on Friday amid reports Liverpool had made an audacious move to sign Mario Balotelli. Speculation over Balotelli's future intensified Thursday after AC Milan acknowledged the temperamental Italy striker was on his way out of the San Siro.… August 22, 2014 In "Sports" Antonio Conte struggled through his pre-match interview before losing 1-0 to Manchester City as he paid an emotional tribute to the late Fiorentina captain Davide Astori, who died in his sleep on Sunday.Speaking before his Chelsea side were beaten 1-0 by City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday, Conte described… March 5, 2018 In "Sports"