By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  –  The Federal Government has declared Friday 25 and Monday 28 December 2020 as well as Friday, January 1, 2021 as public holidays to mark the Christmas, Boxing Day and New Year Celebrations respectively. Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Interior, Dr Shuaib M.L Belgore who disclosed this in a statement issued Wednesday in Abuja added that the Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Adesoji Aregbesola, made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government. The minister felicitated with Christians and all Nigerians both at home and abroad on this year’s Christmas and New Year Celebrations. Aregbesola urged Christians to adopt the creed of Christ on faith, hope and love. “We must emulate the life of humility, service, compassion, patience, peace and righteousness that the birth and Ministry of Jesus Christ signified, that will be the best way to know Christ and celebrate his birth”, he said. The minister noted that peace and security are critical factors needed to enable Government accomplish its mission of revitalizing the economy, improving Foreign Direct Investments as well as generating employment opportunities for over 100 million Nigerian youths in the next 10 years. He advised Nigerians and Christians in particular, to adhere strictly to the COVID-19 protocols and guidelines, as stipulated by relevant authorities, during and after the yuletide, especially with the second wave of the outbreak of the disease. “The Minister who reiterated Federal Government’s avowed commitment to the fight against armed banditry, kidnappings and other crimes and criminalities in the country, called on Nigerians to support the efforts of the security agencies by providing them with information that will enhance intelligence gathering. “While admonishing all Nigerians to remain focused, determined, patient and patriotic, Aregbesola expressed confidence that the year 2021 would be a better year for all Nigerians and therefore urged Christians to use the period to pray for Nigeria. “He wished all Nigerians and Christians in particular, a happy Christmas and New Year Celebrations”, the statement added. By Doris Esa Abuja - The Federal Government has declared Dec. 25 and Dec. 26 as well as Jan. 1, 2020 as public holidays for Christmas, Boxing Day and New Year celebrations. The Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, announced this on Thursday in Abuja through a statement issued by… December 19, 2019 In "News" Abuja-The Federal Government has declared Thursday, Dec. 25 and Friday, Dec. 26 as public holidays to mark Christmas and Boxing Day celebrations. This is contained in a statement signed by Mr Abubakar Magaji, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior, and made available to newsmen on Thursday in Abuja. The statement said… December 18, 2014 In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Federal Government has declared Friday, April 19 and Monday, April 22, Public Holidays to mark the 2019 Easter celebration. Mrs Georgina Ehuriah, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior, announced the holiday in a statement quoting the minister on Wednesday in Abuja. The Minister of Interior,… April 17, 2019 In "News"