On monday 14/12/2020 the Anambra State Police Command in collaboration with Anambra State Government flagged off the sensitization campaign on Community Policing at Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Centre Awka in compliance with the directive of the Inspector-General of Police IGP Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, NPM,mni. The programne is aimed at mobilising all stakeholders, community leaders and general members of the public for improved participation in policing their respective communities; and enhanced security consciousness especially during this festive season. Dignitaries at the occasion includes His Excellency the Executive Governor of Anambra State Chief Willie Obiano ably represented by his Deputy His Excellency DR Nkem Okeke,the Assistant Inspector-general of Police in charge of Zone 13 headquarters,ukpo AIG Danmallam Mohammed,fdc who also represents the guest speaker,DIG RTD Val Ntomchukwu,mni and the Chief Host, Commissioner of Police Anambra State Command CP John B.Abang,fdc. Other important dignitaries are Heads of Sister Security Agencies,Chairman Anambra State Vigilante Service RTD CP Ikechukwu Aduba,Traditional Rulers,Religious and Political leaders,Top Government functionaries,Youths and Civil Society Organisations,newly passed out Special Constabularies as well as police Officers and men drawn from the Command. It would be recalled that on the 13th February,2020 a Security Summit was held in Enugu State and discussed on “Strategic Partnership for Effective Community Policing in the South East Geo-Political Zone”. The summit which comprises of various stakeholders including the Inspector-general of Police IGP Mohammed Abubakar Adamu,NPM,mni, all Governors of the South Eastern States ,IGP management team,AIGS, Traditional Rulers,Religious leaders,Civil Society organisations etc took a far reaching decision on how the region will key into the Federal Government initiative on Community Policing in order to enhance safety and security in the region. The event was convened within the framework of Community policing initiative and as part of the strategies of the Nigeria Police Force to employ an all- inclusive strategy toward addressing numerous internal security challenges in the South East Geopolitical Zone through a people oriented approach where the public will be part of and not apart from via constant engagements and collaborations taking into cognisance the existing security initiatives instituted by the Governors of the States in the South East at the grassroot levels. SP Haruna Mohammed, PPRO Anambra State Police Command. From PRNigeria In a new command structure arrangement in the Nigeria Police, the Force Intelligence Bureau (FIB) has been formally excised from the Force Criminal Investigation Department (FCID). It is henceforth to become a full-fledged department to be headed by a Deputy Inspector-General of Police (DIG). This follows a re-organisation of departments… May 28, 2020 In "News" Weeks after many police stations were destroyed, the Inspector-General of Police Committee on EndSARS Protest Damage Assessment has said that many police officers in Lagos State are still missing and unaccounted for. The committee, which was in Lagos to assess the extent of damage to police assets on Saturday, disclosed… November 9, 2020 In "News" The DPO and station office of Osumenyi in Nnewi South Local Government Area were amongst those killed after armed thugs embarked on a rampage in Anambra State on Friday, police said in a statement. Several other police officers were also wounded in the attack, which affected several police stations across… October 24, 2020 In "News"