Gboyega Akosile, Chief Press Secretary to Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, says his principal is feeling much better in isolation and will soon resume public activities.  Akosile made this known in a statement on Monday titled, ‘Update on COVID-19 status of the Governor of Lagos State, Mr. Babajide Sanwoolu’. He wrote, “I am happy to inform you that the Governor of Lagos, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, is much better. He is, however, still in isolation and receiving home-based care. “We are waiting for a complete clearance of the virus so that Mr Governor can resume public activities. “We wish to thank Lagos residents and the general public for their prayers and well wishes for our dear Governor and Lagos State COVID-19 Incident Commander.” The state health commissioner, Akin Abayomi, had announced on December 12 that the governor tested positive for the novel coronavirus. Other governors who had tested positive for the virus and recovered include the Ekiti State Governor, Kayode Fayemi; Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu; Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed; Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State, amongst others. Lagos, which is one of the epicentres of coronavirus management in Nigeria, has recorded over 26,000 infections and more than 200 associated deaths since the outbreak of the virus in the country. The state government last week returned COVID-19 protocols at religious centres and also banned a number of social places from holding gatherings as the country battled the second wave of the pandemic. Source Professor Akin Abayomi, the Lagos State Commissioner for Health who tested positive to the ravaging coronavirus has reportedly recovered. The Commissioner was said to have been tested positive for COVID-19 and had since gone into isolation. The Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Gbenga Omotoso, in a statement on Monday, said… August 31, 2020 In "Health" •Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on video streaming while celebrating Easter with the medical workers at the Infectious Diseases Hospital (IDH), Yaba and the Onikan Isolation Centre, Lagos Island. By Florence Onuegbu LAGOS - Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Sunday appeared on live video to celebrate Easter… April 12, 2020 In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government says it will start charging face mask defaulters to court from next week, as the period of grace was over. Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu said this while briefing newsmen on the update of the COVID-19 management in the state on Friday. Sanwo-Olu… July 4, 2020 In "News"