Vicky Abiria, a wicked Ugandan househelp, has been sentenced to prison.  She was sent to jail for feeding her boss’s baby with her urine. Abiria was sentenced to four years imprisonment by Kira division court on Friday, December 11. Hope Chica, the mother of the baby told the police that she got suspicious after noticing that Abira had kept the baby’s bottle packed with urine in her bedroom. Upon interrogation, she confessed that she was giving the child her urine. “I found my baby’s bottle full of urine and when I asked her she confessed that she was feeding my baby with her urine,” she said. Chica added that: “When I took my daughter to the hospital, the doctors found out that my baby had syphilis. I am now trying to treat my child and make sure that she doesn’t get other complications.” She further added that she always saw these kinds of acts on social media and television and didn’t really think that they were true. “I have always heard that house helps do these kinds of things, now that it has happened to my child, I even fear maids. I don’t ever want to hire one. I have always treated this girl well but I don’t know why she decided to do such a thing,” she said. Kampala Metropolitan Police (KMP) Spokesperson Patrick Onyango had on Thursday, December 10, confirmed that they arrested Abira and charged her with spreading dangerous diseases after tests on the child proved that it had been infected by a urinary tract infection. By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Oluremi  Adeleye, a 73 nanny convicted of murder  in the U.S. for force-feeding a baby milk has been  sentenced to 15 years in prison. According to Washington Post, the septuagenarian was found guilty of child abuse and second-degree murder by Prince George’s County Circuit Court,… May 8, 2019 In "Metro" Oluremi Adeleye, a 73 nanny convicted of murder in the U.S. for force-feeding a baby milk has been sentenced to 15 years in prison. According to Washington Post, the septuagenarian was found guilty of child abuse and second-degree murder by Prince George’s County Circuit Court, Judge Karen Mason. “While I… July 27, 2019 In "News" You know this meme that suggested that African parents are savage right? Lol! It might not be entirely true but truly some African parents has no chill at all, they have the best hilarious creative method in child rearing. A Nigerian father has shared how he kept his child occupied… March 13, 2018 In "Metro"