Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Saturday, in Bauchi State held graduation for 203 battle-ready Special Forces (SF).Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, Chief of Air Staff (CAS), said they underwent training under Special Forces Course 7/2020 and Combat, Search and Rescue Course 3/2020. He noted that NAF-SF trained earlier have been making a huge impact in the fight against terrorism and banditry.Abubakar urged the graduands to display courage and ensure good judgement.“The support provided by the federal government has impacted positively on the NAF and led to increased aircraft availability, as well as improved training and enhanced facilities,” said the Air chief.Air Officer Commanding (AOC), Ground Training Command, Air Vice Marshal (AVM) Idi Amin recalled that 357 Regiment personnel were nominated, but only 219 scaled through. “162 personnel, comprising nine officers and 153 airmen/airwomen, met the requirements of the course and are graduating at this ceremony. Out of 60 personnel inaugurated for the Combat Search and Rescue Course, only 41 are graduating”, he said.The senior officer explained that the rate of dropout from the courses were due to efforts to maintain global standards. The NAF Command has now trained more than 1,200 personnel. By Ahmed Mohammed Kaigama Bauchi - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Friday graduated 126 Special Force and Combat Search and Rescue Personnel in Bauchi. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Saddique Abubakar at the combined graduation ceremony in Bauchi, said the graduates comprised of Special Force and… May 15, 2020 In "News" By Mohammed Tijjani Kaduna -  The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadiq Abubakar, on Monday said that 435 specialits have been trained by the Nigerian Air Force to man its platforms. The personnel were trained at the Nigerian Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT), Kaduna. Abubakar disclosed this during… September 21, 2020 In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani Kaduna -  The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Wednesday graduated additional 458 special forces to meet the asymmetric and dynamic security challenges confronting the country. The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshall, Sadiq Abubakar made the disclosure during the combined graduation ceremony of Basic Regiment officers and… June 13, 2018 In "News"