The Niger state Salary Management Committee has disclosed that 603 persons posing to be civil servants are yet to surface as the Committee makes its final submission. This is coming after the committee has uncovered over 2000 illegal workers in the state workforce. The Chairman of the Committee who is also Commissioner for Works and Infrastructural Development, Engineer Ibrahim Panti disclosed on Thursday during the post executive council briefing in Government House. He said, “After conducting the final screening exercise to further verify the staff on government’s payroll, we discovered 2,764 have different names, using different banks with the same BVN being paid salaries.  “The report of the committee was out of 26,000 benchmarks given and only 23,624 were cleaned and cleared to have met the requirements as Civil Servants.” Panti further explained that there are currently 191 pending cases while 477 workers have been placed on hold because they could not produce their first employment letter and other documents. He stated that several million that have been going into some fictitious spending in Ministries, Agencies and Departments (MDAs) have been recovered. The Nation Over 1000 ghost workers have been exposed in Niger state following the verification conducted by a committee set up by the Niger State Government. Some of the civil servants in the state were also discovered to be collecting double salaries while further investigations showed whose names appear in the payment… September 28, 2019 In "News" By Sunday John   Lafia   -   The Nasarawa State Government has commenced the process of converting the casual workers in all its Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) to permanent staff. Mr Musa Dangana, Chairman, Nasarawa State Civil Service Commission, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday… March 12, 2018 In "News" By Wale Odunsi Niger State Government and the organised Labour have reached an agreement to end the indefinite strike action the Nigeria Labour Congress declared last Monday. The Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism, Jonathan Tsado Vatsa, stated this on Friday in Minna at the State House of Assembly. Vatsa… July 16, 2016 In "News"