Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Kano state government has demanded an unequivocal apology from the management of East Carolina University over a controversial appointment offered by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje into the position of Senior Mentoring Scholar and Visiting Full Professor of e-governance and International Affairs in the university on November 30, 2020. A statement by the Secretary to the Kano State Government (SSG), Alhaji Usman Alhaji also called for disciplinary action against the faculty member that stirred up the controversy which attempted to embarrass the governor and the good people of Kano state. He said that while the governor or any of the officials of his government has no reason to doubt the veracity of the letter sent by one of its faculty members, which was communicated using the university’s instrument of office, it equally did not at any time solicit for such appointment. ‘’We are deeply saddened by the uproar stirred up by this controversial appointment that attempted to embarrass the person of the governor and the good people of Kano state,“ the statement added. Alhaji Usman pointed out that Governor Ganduje obtained a National Certificate in Education (NCE) 1972, a Bachelor’s Degree in Science Education from Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria, 1975; two Master’s Degrees in Applied Educational Psychology from Bayero University, Kano (BUK) 1979; and Public Administration also from ABU 1985, as well as a Ph.D. which he obtained nearly three decades ago from the University of Ibadan in southwest Nigeria. The SSG said that given this background as an academician of repute, the Governor would be the last person on earth to have neither solicit nor accept fraudulently appointment into academic position in any university or institution of higher learning within and outside Nigeria. While wishing the university the best of luck, the statement expressed deep shock over the content of the letter from the Office of the Provost and Senior Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs of the University, admitting an error in conveying the message notifying the appointment.(Vanguard). By Tukur Muntari Kano - The Kano State Executive Council has approved the immediate removal of the Emir of Kano, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II. The Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Usman Alhaji, announced the unanimous decision of the council at a news conference on Monday in Kano. He said… March 9, 2020 In "Politics" By Tukur Muntari Kano - Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State has directed the state ministry of Justice to review the Penal Code to enforce death penalty on any person found guilty of Kidnapping in the state. Ganduje gave the directive in Kano on Thursday, while inaugurating the 16-member commission… October 31, 2019 In "Top Stories" Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano state and his wife Prof. Hafsat Abdullahi Ganduje have received their coronavirus test results. The results showed that the two tested negative for COVID-19. “We thank Almighty Allah for this result which shows negative. That is how He (Allah) wishes. All those whose results… April 2, 2020 In "Politics"