Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has declared the All Progressives Congress (APC) winner of the just concluded Imo North senatorial district bye-election but unable to return any APC candidate. The returning officer, Hakeem Adigun who announced the result said the APC scored a total of 36, 811 votes to beat his rival from the Peoples Democratic Party, Emmanuel Okewulonu who scored 31, 903 votes. According to the electoral body, the decision not to declare any candidate as the winner is due to several court orders authenticating the true candidate of the party in the bye-election. It could be recalled that 24 hours to the election, a Court of Appeal sitting in Owerri gave a judgment disqualifying Ifeanyi Ararume as APC’s candidate. On the same day, a Federal High Court sitting in Abuja also disqualified Frank Ibezim from contesting the election. Ibezim was disqualified on the grounds that he made false statements/declarations in the affidavit and documents submitted to the APC. Meanwhile, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, has reacted to the outcome of the election where INEC declared APC the winner of the election without returning any candidate. Speaking to journalists at the Government House in Owerri, Uzodinma thanked the people of the senatorial district for voting overwhelmingly for the APC, noting that the victory has shown once again that Imo is an APC state. Governor Uzodinma, however, said he will not join any issues with INEC, adding that with the recent Court of Appeal judgment and the statement from the APC National Executive Committee, Frank Ibezim is the authentic candidate. (Channels TV). The special panel of the Court of Appeal headed by Hon. Justice Uche Onyemenam delivered its judgment today (Friday) in the various appeals challenging the judgment of the Federal High Court, Owerri, that substituted the name of Frank Ibezim with that of Senator Ifeanyi Ararume as the APC candidate for… December 4, 2020 In "News" Daura    -       The Katsina State chapter of the All Progressive Congress, APC, has declared Alhaji Ahmed Babba-Kaita as the winner of the primary election for the Katsina North Senatorial District bye election. The News Agency of Nigeria, NAN, reports that the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC,… July 27, 2018 In "Politics" Senator Ifeanyi Araraume has been declared winner of the All Progressives Congress (APC) primary for Imo North Senatorial District. He was declared winner by the chairman of the APC Primary Election Committee for Imo North, Umar Gana Nguma on Thursday. According to Nguma, Araraume scored the highest votes of 22,944… September 3, 2020 In "Politics"