A 40-year-old jealous lover, Etifa Obukulubu, who set ablaze his estranged girlfriend and a pastor ablaze at the Igbogene area of Bayelsa State in October, narrated to newsmen yesterday that he caught both of them on a bed having a romp. Obukulubu, who was among 45 suspects of various crimes paraded by the Bayelsa State Police Command, said he acted in anger after peeping through the window to see the pastor on top of his girlfriend. The Guardian had first reported how the pastor, working with the New Baptist Church and a female assistant were burnt to death when Obukulubu set the home of the pastor on fire over suspicion of infidelity. Narrating to newsmen at the police command, the estranged lover said: “It was due to anger that I carried out the arson. We have been dating for four years and this year, between October 30 and 31, I realised that my girlfriend was always going to the pastor’s house each time I was not at home. “When I found out the affair between the pastor and my girlfriend, I became angry and all I could think of at the time was to set them ablaze. It was anger that made me set them ablaze. I caught them red-handed sleeping on the bed after I peep through the window,” he said. Among those paraded were five suspects arrested over their involvement in the last month invasion of the country home of the former governor of the state, Seriake Dickson, and killing of a police inspector at Toru Orua community of Sagbama Local Government Area. Also paraded was a 41-year-old worker of the state Ministry of Education, who was arrested over alleged rape of a lady that just completed her mandatory National Youths Service Corps (NYSC). The Commissioner for Police, Mike Okoli, while parading the suspects, said though crime could not be totally eradicated in the country, the police were on top of their game to checkmate and arrest perpetrators of such crimes. He said due to intelligence gathering and investigations, the police arrested the five suspects that invaded the home of the former governor in search for hidden money purportedly kept in a church in the residence. Okoli also said the command would have no mercy for suspects involved in rape and child defilement. On the repeated cult clashes in Yenagoa, the state capital, the police boss confirmed the arrest of two leaders of rival cult groups known as the Greanlanders and Bobos.  A Pastor of the New Baptist Church and his female assistant have allegedly been burnt to death by a 40-year-old jealous lover in Igbogene area of Yenagoa Local Government Area, Bayelsa State.     Obukulubu allegedly set the home of his girlfriend on fire over suspicion of cheating. The incident… November 2, 2020 In "News" [8:17 PM, 4/30/2019] Chidubem: 45-year-old Deji Adenuga who was alleged to have burnt nine members of his ex-girlfriend family where eight have been reported dead has confessed to the crime. Adenuga, a palm wine tapper who was popularly known as, “Davar Oluodo,” owned up to have brutally killed his ex-girlfriend,… April 30, 2019 In "Metro" Igbodigho community in Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State has been thrown into mourning following the setting ablaze of a family of nine by a middle age man identified Deji Adenuga. Adenuga, popularly known as “Davar” in the community where the incident occurred, was said to have set the… April 24, 2019 In "Metro"