Oyo State Deputy Governor, Mr Rauf Olaniyan; and former Majority Leader of the House of Representatives, Mrs Mulikat Adeola-Akande, have expressed disappointment in the way Governor Seyi Makinde is treating them and running the affairs of the Peoples Democratic Party in the state.  The aggrieved PDP leaders include former Minister of Power and Steel, Wole Oyelese; Alhaji Adebisi Olopoeyan, Alhaji Azim Gbolarumi as well as leaders of the party from Ibadan, Oyo, Ogbomoso, Oke Ogun and Ibarapa zones. Their complaints were contained in the report of PDP Elders Steering Committee after the committee’s meetings with some selected party leaders from the 33 local government areas of the state. The report of the committee headed by Dr Saka Balogun, which had Mutiat Ladoja and Chief Jumoke Akinjide, among others as members went viral on Monday. The report reads partly, “He (deputy governor) complained bitterly about being oblivious of the running of the government. He said the governor has completely forgotten about the promises he made to him during the election. He said that the governor has treated him in the most unfair, unjust and the unkind manner.” The report states that the party was also in disarray in Ibarapa East, which is the home base of the Speaker, Adebo Ogundoyin, until the committee stepped in and reconciled them. The former Majority Leader of the House of Representatives also complained that Makinde relegated her in the affairs of the party. The report read, “She (Mulikat Adeola) feels that the governor has exalted Segun Ogunwuyi above her in Ogbomoso and that is detrimental to her numerous followers She wants to know why the governor only listens and gives access to only Senator Halleluyah.” The media aide to the deputy governor, Mr Omolere Omoetan, when contacted to know if his principal made such complaint to the committee said he had not been able to speak with his boss to know if what he was quoted to have said was true. The former majority leader did not respond to the inquiry sent to her by our correspondent. However, one of the aggrieved party leaders, Olopoeyan, who alleged threat to his life in the report, said the governor had not done well at all. Olopoeyan said the governor might be the one who circulated the report. He said, “What is contained in the report is correct. That is what everybody said including the deputy governor. The committee went round and meet some selected leaders of the party and we bared our minds to them. The governor has. Not done well at all.”  Source By Yinusa Ishola Omuo-Ekiti -  A Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), faction, loyal to Sen. Biodun Olujimi has restated its adoption of Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State as the party’s Southwest zonal leader. The faction stated this in Omuo-Ekiti in Ekiti-East Local Government Area on Thursday at the distribution of… September 11, 2020 In "Politics" Says Oyinlola remains a strong pillar we want in PDP By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, on Monday extolled the virtues of a former Governor of Osun State and former National Secretary of party, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola, noting that the former Governor remained… February 5, 2020 In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has defended his recent inauguration of Caretaker Committees in the 33 Local Governments and 35 Local Council Development Areas (LCDAs). Makinde defended his action in a statement signed by Mr Taiwo Adisa, his Chief Press Secretary, on Friday in… January 3, 2020 In "News"