Kai Rooney, son of Wayne Rooney has signed for Manchester United.  The 11-year-old looks to follow in the footsteps of his father who is the most decorated player in at Old Trafford. He took to social media to post a photo of Kai signing a contract with the Red Devils on his Instagram handle. Rooney accompanied the image with the caption: “Proud day. Kai signing for @manchesterunited. Keep up the hard work son” Rooney’s wife Coleen also wrote on Instagram: “Special night….. congratulations Kai. I love you and I am so proud of you. Keep trying your best.” The 35-year-old will now be hoping his son would enjoy a strong start to life at United’s academy. Rooney won five Premier League titles, three League Cups, one FA Cup, one Europa League and one Champions League during his spell at the Theatre of Dreams. He remains the club’s highest goal scorer with 253 goals in 559 appearances for United, breaking Sir Bobby Charlton’s long-standing record in January 2017. The former England international is now caretaker manager at Derby County and is looking to earn the job on permanent basis. Derby were languishing at the bottom of the Championship table but since Rooney’s appointment, the club has gone on a six-match unbeaten run. A post shared by Wayne Rooney (@waynerooney) Source Abuja  -    Manchester United’s former England national football team captain Wayne Rooney on Sunday rejoined his boyhood club Everton on a two-year deal after 13 trophy-laden years at Old Trafford. Rooney, who has moved to Goodison Park for an undisclosed fee, spoke of his excitement at returning to a… July 9, 2017 In "Sports" Players to watch Ogenyi Onaze. The 21-year-old midfielder who plies his trade with Lazio in Italy’s Serie A just can’t stay out of the headlines. One minute he’s narrowly surviving a Boko Haram bombing in Jos; the next he finds himself used – unknowingly – by a Nigerian sports agent… June 11, 2014 In "News" Washington   -        English football star Wayne Rooney was arrested in December at Dulles Airport outside Washington, D.C. in the U.S. for public intoxication, according to local police. Rooney, who has played for U.S. football club DC United since last year, was booked into the Loudoun County… January 7, 2019 In "Sports"