Omah Lay and Tems, two fast-rising Nigerian singers, have regained freedom from detention in Uganda — about three days after they were arrested.  Bebe Cool, a Uganda singer, broke the news on Tuesday alongside documents confirming their release. In the documents, Okumu Jude Muwone, the presiding judge who is the chief magistrate of Makindye, directed that the singers be set free. The release order for Omah Lay reads: “Whereas the accused persons Stanley Omah Didia and Muyiwa Awoniyi were charged with the offence of neglect act likely to spread of infectious disease Section 171 of Penal Code Act. “The charges against the accused Stanley Omah Didia and Muyiwa Awoniyi has been withdrawn against them by Vide Withdrawal Form Serial No, 4292 dated December 15, 2020. “This is to direct you to release Muyiwa Awoniyi and Stanley Omah Didia the said accused persons from your custody forthwith unless held on other charges.” The two singers were arrested over their involvement in an unauthorised concert that held on Saturday night in Ddungu Resort in Munyonyo, Kampala City. The pair were thereafter remanded in police custody alongside four Ugandans after they were arraigned before a court. The Nation had earlier reported how Bebe Cool was accused of playing a role in the singers’ arrest after he had opposed their invitation to the concert. In a now-deleted post, the singer had wondered why the organisers of the concert would opt for the two Nigerian artistes when many of his colleagues in Uganda are struggling financially. Great news!!! They are free @Omah_Lay and @temsbaby pic.twitter.com/dKztHF3HKZ Singers, Omah Lay and Tems are currently trending on Nigeria social media platforms following the news that they have been remanded in prisons in Uganda. Both singers were arrested by the Uganda Police Force for flouting COVID-19 guidelines. They were arrested after their performances at The Big Brunch, which held… December 15, 2020 In "Entertainment" Fast-rising Nigerian singer Omar Lay, has now confirmed that he was arrested by the police in Uganda. He also gave a suggestion as to why he was picked up by the police. According to reports, the singer was arrested by Katwe Police in Uganda along side the Manager of the… December 14, 2020 In "Entertainment" Bebe Cool, a popular Ugandan singer has been accused of being the brains behind the arrest of Nigerian singers, Omah Lay and Tems. The Nigerian singers were arrested in Uganda on Sunday for violating COVID-19 protocols by performing at a crowded concert, a concert Bebe Cool had earlier ranted about… December 15, 2020 In "News"