Moves to concession Nigeria’s four major airports and the establishment of a national carrier are still on course and the results will materialise soon, the Federal Government said on Monday. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, stated this in his message on the commemoration of the 2020 International Civil Aviation Day, despite oppositions by lawmakers on plans by the government to concession airports. In November, the House of Representatives asked the Federal Government to suspend the plan to concession airports until all issues had been addressed. Four international airports were billed for concession to private operators and they included the Lagos, Abuja, Kano and Port Harcourt airports. The Chairman, House Committee on Aviation, Nnolim Nnaji, had argued that there were concerns by operators in the aviation sector against moves by government to concession airports. “Among the concerns were the lack of transparency in the exercise, labour issues, the Chinese loans, the legal issues that may arise from the existing concessions and the lack of proper valuation of the present status of the affected airports, among others,” the lawmaker had explained. But in a statement issued in Abuja on Monday by the spokesperson, Federal Ministry of Aviation, James Odaudu, the aviation minister stated that the concession of airports was part of the aviation roadmap currently on course. According to Sirika, the roadmap was developed to serve as a catalyst for a comprehensive overhaul of the aviation industry in Nigeria. The statement read in part, “The minister further asserts that the roadmap which includes the establishment of a national carrier, establishment of a maintenance, repair and overhaul facility, concession of some airports, establishment of an aviation leasing company, among others, will lay a solid and lasting foundation for aviation development in Nigeria.” He also assured Nigerians that the implementation of the roadmap, which was in line with the theme of the ICAD, remained on course. and that the results would become obvious in due course. Sirika appealed to industry players to join hands with government to ensure the realisation of the objectives of the roadmap for the benefit of all users of the nation’s airspace. Source Federal Government’s plan to concession airports has run into difficulties over an existing debt and pact with China to build four new terminals at the cost of $500 million. The “concession within concession”, according to the coalition of aviation workers’ unions, is untidy and not in the best interest of… November 17, 2020 In "News" By Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -    Three aviation unions on Tuesday gave the Federal Government 15 days ultimatum to halt its planned concession of the four viable airports in the country. The unions, which gave the ultimatum at a joint news briefing in Lagos, threatened to shut down the aviation… October 10, 2017 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje, The onerous task of ridding Nigerian airports of decayed infrastructure has remained the major concern of the Minister of State for Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, since his assumption of office. Sirika believes that as much as the beautification of Nigerian airports is desirable, the safety of passengers… February 6, 2017 In "Features"