Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has dismissed rumours that Governor Samuel Ortom would be going back to his former party, the All Progressives Congress (APC).  Speaking on Tuesday December 8 while commissioning road projects completed by Governor Samuel Ortom’s administration in Makurdi and Guma Local Government Areas respectively, Wike stated that the Benue governor will remain in PDP. He said; “One of the reasons I came today is to dispel the rumours that Ortom is going back. We will continue to stand together though we might be denied what is due us and intimidated but it will come to an end. “Today in this country, there is total insecurity, and people are saying Governor Ortom is going back to a party where he nearly died. No man digs his own grave. God brought him out of the wilderness and some people are saying that he is coming back. Coming back to where?” Wike also commended Ortom for remaining strong in spite of the challenges he has faced. He added; “That is why we share similarities whether anybody likes it or not. We must fight against injustice in this country. “Ortom is not one of the Governors who shy away from the truth. Whether you like it or not you will die the day God says you will die. If you don’t say the truth you will die if you say the truth you will die. So it is better to say the truth and die. “Governor Ortom stood firm when his people were being killed. The major objective of governance is the protection of lives and property. “If you cannot protect the lives and property of your people, your governance is zero. Because if you provide infrastructure there must be humans to use it.”  Source Governor Ayo Fayose of Ekiti state offers prayers at the graveside of the 73 persons killed by suspected herdsmen in Benue state The PDP describes the visits of Governors Nyesom Wike and Ayo Fayose to Benue state as commendable - Gani Adams, the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, decries the… February 8, 2018 In "Top Stories" Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has disclosed that he won't go back to the ruling All Progressives Congress after he defected to The Peoples Democratic Party before the 2019 governorship election. The Governor who won his second term on the platform of the PDP, said he declined the invitation of… November 20, 2020 In "Politics" …Orders Removal of APC Flag From  Govt House, Official Car Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Benue youths comprising over forty groups Wednesday waylaid Governor Samuel Ortom at the entrance of the Benue Government House stopping him from traveling to Abuja to attending a scheduled meeting with the All Progressives Congress, APC,… July 25, 2018 In "Top Stories"