Hotels in the suburbs of Nasarawa State may no longer be safe for visitors who intend to spend their yuletide break as men of the underworld have deviced a new means of tracing their victims to hotel premises to dispose them of their belongings. Guests and staff of a popular hotel located on Abacha road, Mararaba had a horrific experience Wednesday night as suspected armed robbers invaded its premises and headed straight to rooms where visitors lodged and started banging violently on the doors. According to an eyewitness, the invaders who were said to have driven into the hotel premises in a Keke Napep without the security stopping them at the gate swung into action after spending about 30 minutes inside strategising. Their actions aroused the attention of the hotel management who consequently raised an alarm triggering a panic moment which saw staff and visitors who came to enjoy themselves scrambling for safety with some scaling through the fence.  It took the boldness of some of the hotel staff who confronted the four armed men who had threatened to bring down the hotel to avert tragedy. They reportedly took to their heels afterward when an emerging crowd seemed to have overpowered them with each of them jumping on a motorcycle outside the hotel gate to escape before the arrival of Police. In an interview with our correspondent, some of the eyewitnesses recounted how a similar incident was recorded in a hotel in Nyanya about a week ago and another in Ungwar Zamani, Mararaba a few days ago, where lives were lost to the attack. All efforts to speak with the Nasarawa State police command on the incident were futile. The Nation Officers of the Lagos State Physical Planning Permit Authority (LSPPPA) are now at Murtala Muhammed International Airport Road locking banks, hotels and other businesses premises and asking for approval permit without prior notice. Business owners were shocked when they saw men dressed in LSPPPA Tee Shirts accompanied by armed police… July 22, 2020 In "News" Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, has barred the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and the Minister of Interior from meddling into the affairs of organisations or establishment that employ its own security guards. This is sequel to a suit no.FHC/ABJ/CS/1301/2019, filed by Reiz Continental Hotel against Nigerian… June 27, 2020 In "News" FOUR former employees of Signatious Hotel, Warri, Delta State, who were reportedly stripped on the order of the chairman of the hotel and former Minister of State for Education, Mr Kenneth Gbagi, have demanded N1bn compensation and public apology from him. The victims’ legal team, led by Mr Kunle Edun… September 24, 2020 In "News"