An order has been given for the sealing of the popular Queens Park Event Centre Oniru by the Lagos state government.  The event centre was accused of contravening the COVID-19 protocols of the state. The Lagos State Government through the Ministry of Tourism Arts and Culture also revoked the license of event centre. The Commissioner for Tourism. Uzamat Akinbile Yussuf who confirmed the sealing, added that the step to withdraw the license was taken in the best interest of the State. She, therefore, implored other event centres and venue owners to comply with the government’s laid down directives or risk losing their chances of doing business in Lagos. Akinbile Yussuf reiterated that the fight against the virus can only be successful “if we all follow the laid down public health and safety protocols.” The Director-General, Lagos State Safety Commission Mr Lanre Mojola, also said it became necessary to take such steps following an event that was held at the venue on December 26, 2020, that contravened all safety protocols laid down by the state. The DG, also warned all other event centres and venue owners flouting safety protocols in the state to desist forthwith or risk sanction, stressing that “it is not business as usual. As such, they should either fall in line with the state’s protocols or risk losing their license to operate in the state.” He further stated that the commission has begun a legal process against some recalcitrant business owners who removed the government seal and continued operations. Mojola stressed that the state maintains zero tolerance towards those that do not abide by the regulations, maintaining that people must take responsibility. He urged residents to co-operate with the government to effectively curtail the spread of the virus which is still ravaging the world and the state in particular. Source Thairu, who called on government to assist health workers, said the 22 critically ill patients were on oxygen. Recall that the Federal Government last week said the country had entered the second wave of coronavirus and strongly advised Nigerians to adhere to COVID-19 preventive measures. Also, following reports of a… December 28, 2020 In "Health" Lagos  - The Lagos State Government on Tuesday said that no fewer than 150 cases of sexual and physical abuse were reported in the state in the last one year. The Commissioner for Youth and Social Development, Mrs Uzamat Akinbile-Yussuf disclosed this at the ongoing state's ministerial news conference in… April 27, 2016 In "News" Lagos has put Nigeria on Guinness book of world record by celebrating the 60th Independence anniversary with 60,000 cupcakes to produce the largest anniversary logo in the world, made with cupcakes mosaic. With the initiative by Lagos State Government in conjunction with Fly Africa, Nigeria becomes holder of the world’s… October 2, 2020 In "News"