With the Premier League being the most competitive soccer league in the world, it is a league that receives plenty of attention.  This is particularly evident with the amount of money that people bet on this league from all over the world. And if you fancy a wager or two on the Premier League, why not check out canadabettingcodes.ca for a few bonuses along the way? Since we are now into the thick of another Premier League season too, now really is a great time to investigate the markets and promotions. You can explore all of these in more detail through this draft link. If we put betting and promotions aside, however, the current season has made us think about all of the legends we have seen on the Premier League pitches over the years. For that reason, we’d like to take a walk down memory lane and highlight some of the greatest legends to ever play in this league. We have a feeling these guys might remind you of a few special moments! Unrivaled geniuses Whether you are an Arsenal fan or not, it’s impossible to deny that Henry was one of the best we’ve ever witnessed in the Premier League. Not only was Henry insanely skillful with the ball, but his goal-scoring abilities were also out of this world. In total, Thierry Henry scored more than 200 goals for Arsenal during his career. It’s the fashion in which he would typically score goals that made him such a legend, however.To top it all off – Henry also has a World Cup title sitting in his trophy cabinet, which makes him one of the very best. Who could forget the early days of Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United? When Ronaldo first burst onto the scene under the guidance of Alex Ferguson, he was inexperienced and somewhat erratic. But after a few seasons, players could barely touch the ball when Ronaldo had it at his feet. He evolved into one of the best strikers, one of the most skillful players, and also one of the most influential players for his club.During his time at United, Ronaldo was also crowned as FIFA’s Player of the Year, a first for the Premier League. This really helped to seal the votes on Ronaldo as one of the greatest to ever play in the Premier League. Ryan Giggs was a superstar of the Premier League. And just like Ronaldo, Giggs enjoyed much of his success at Manchester United. Amazingly, Giggs stepped onto the pitch for Manchester United more than 670 times, during a Premier League career which spanned more than 20 years. Throughout his career, Giggs became a bit fond of racking up silverware too. He has won just about everything there is to win in English football, which makes him one of the most successful individuals in this league of all time.  Source