Lt Gen Muhoozi Kainerugaba, the first son of Uganda’s President, Yoweri Museveni has been reappointed as the head of Uganda’s Special Forces Command, an elite unit with the responsibility of protecting the president and first family.  Gen Kainerugaba has had a meteoric rise through the ranks of the army, having trained at the British academy Sandhurst and other military programmes in the US, Egypt and South Africa. He also serves as presidential advisor on special operations and regains his position as head of the special forces command, after more than a decade. The move is part of a wider reshuffle within security agencies. The former head of Uganda’s military operations in Somalia, Maj Gen Paul Lokech becomes Deputy Chief of Police. He has been credited for success in the fight against al-Shabab in 2011 and 2012. The man who oversaw recent violence in Kampala and the death of more than 50 people after the arrest of presidential candidate Bobi Wine, Maj Gen Sabiiti Muzeeyi, has been reassigned to army headquarters for redeployment. The reshuffle comes less than a month before what is expected to be a fiercely contested presidential election, in which President Museveni is looking to extend his rule to four decades.  Source JUBA- Uganda's army began evacuating citizens from inside neighbouring South Sudan on Thursday where fighting between forces loyal to the president and his rival has plunged the nation into its worst crisis since the end of a two-year civil war. After the civil war erupted in 2013, Uganda's forces also… July 15, 2016 In "Foreign" WASHINGTON    -      The United States is “gravely concerned” by reports of excessive force used by Uganda’s security forces against lawmakers and journalists in the northwestern town of Arua, a State Department official said on Monday after the country’s opposition called on Washington to suspend military support to Kampala. A group… September 11, 2018 In "Foreign" Kampala   -     The speaker of Uganda’s parliament has called for the arrest of security agents involved in the suspected beating and torture of 33 people, including a popular musician, over their alleged role in the stoning of President Yoweri Museveni’s convoy. Supporters of an independent candidate contesting a parliamentary by-election… August 28, 2018 In "Foreign"