Diane Russet, a former Big Brother Naija contestant and actress, has told her fans to stop sending nudes.  She advised her female fans to stop sending nude pictures of themselves to their lovers. Russet stated this during an interactive session she had with her fans, and shared on her YouTube Channel. When a fan disclosed that she had sent her nude pictures to her lover and the said lover was threatening to release them online, Russet said, “I am not going to judge you because you sent nude pictures to your boyfriend. “But, this is the twenty-first century, you should not send nudes to your boyfriend or husband. Let him see the real things. Why do you have to send the pictures? If it goes south, most people could be childish and want to post it online. “Why would I be so comfortable with you to the point where I share something so private with you and at the end of the day, because we had some disagreements, you want to post it online? The bottom line is that you should not share nude pictures with your lovers. That is my candid advice.” Counselling another fan who was discouraged about not achieving her goals, the Kaduna State-born entertainer said, “There are some things happening in my life now that I used to say jokingly before. “One day, I was in the living room with my mum and brother and I told them that I would be on this show (BBN) some day. They thought I would be the first person to leave (the show). But I told them I would go there and stay for long. I was on the show without having any connections. “Even now, I still have nobody but there are certain things I spoke into being in my life. You will get there. Just trust God and He would direct you.” Ex-Big Brother Naija housemate, Elozonam has revealed why his relationship with fellow housemate, Diane crashed. Speaking on Wednesday’s episode of the Big Brother pepper dem reunion show, the actor told the host, Ebuka Uchendu that he ended the relationship because Diane was disrespectful. Elozonam said although they had decided to… July 1, 2020 In "Entertainment" Salawat Ibiwunmi Abeni has been making waves in the Nigerian music industry since the ‘70s. Her music, through which she entertains her fans, informs and educates them about current affairs, has evolved over the years. In this chat, the singer famously known as Salawa Abeni opens up on her recent… August 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" •Uche Jombo ABUJA - Actress turned-filmmaker, Uche jumbo, is in the cross hairs of her fans. Reason: she posted a nude picture of herself, which has been heating up the Internet lately. Along with the picture came a statement from the obviously excited actress, promoting a new project: “Here’s #socialmediaslay… November 1, 2019 In "Entertainment"