Ramatu Tijjani, a resident of Kaduna, has decorated the house of Mobel Wuye, a reverend, with a Christmas tree.  Tijanni, a peace ambassador, said Christmas provides an opportunity for Muslims to demonstrate to their Christian neighbours that Islam is a religion of peace, love and tolerance. She explained that she made the move to spread the message of peace and harmony and to foster peace between adherents of both religions. “Christmas provide an opportunity for Muslims to strengthen the good relationship with their neighbor Christians and that is why I usually budget and save some amount of money to buy food and other materials to share with my friends and family,” Tijjani said in a statement.  “The reason for decorating the reverend’s house is also to beautify it with Tree and Light, wreaths, stocking, garment, ornament and the aim is to spread the message of peace and harmony. “I observed that the Christmas tree is very vital to the life of every Christian all over the world, and that is why I bought it to decorate the reverend’s house, as a sign of promoting unity, togetherness and to wish all Christians worldwide the best of the season and happy new year in advance.” Tijjani, who said she has been sharing Christmas trees with Christian leaders for 10 years, said ethno-religious and political crisis has caused serious damages and set-back to peace stability in the country.  She also spoke on the need for both Muslims and Christians to live harmoniously. Reacting to the gesture, Wuye said he is both happy and surprised by Tijjani’s gift as he had never received a Christmas tree from a Muslim woman. “My family is really happy with the gift and I pray that May Almighty God bless her abundantly for choosing to come and beautify his house with Christmas trees,” Wuye said. TheCable By Mohammed Lawal   Sabongari    -        Alhaji Fahad Ahmed-Chikaji, a Peoples’ Redemption Party (PRP) candidate for Kaduna State House of Assembly on Monday urged Christians to use the Christmas season to pray for peaceful 2019 General Elections. Fahad-Chikaji, who is contesting for the seat of Sabongari… December 24, 2018 In "News" Kaduna - No fewer than 150 Muslim youths and Imams worshipped together with Christians during Christmas service in Kaduna to strengthen peace, unity and religious tolerance in the state, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Pastor Yohanna Buru, the General Overseer of Christ Evangelical Intercessary Fellowship Ministry led the… December 25, 2015 In "News" By Mohammed Lawal Zaria (Kaduna State) - Members of Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN), popularly called Shiites on Wednesday attended a Christmas Church service at Church of the Advent, Samaru, Zaria.Speaking in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) shortly after the service, the leader of the team,… December 25, 2019 In "News"