…..Reiterates NASS’s desire to pass Electoral Reforms Bill first quarter 2021 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan said on Wednesday that the National Assembly remained committed to its Legislative Agenda which also prioritises Electoral Reforms Bill. Lawan made the remarks while declaring open a Public Hearing on a Bill for an Act to Repeal the Electoral Act No. 6  2010(as amended) and enact the Independent National Electoral Commission Act 2020. The event which held at the National Assembly complex in Abuja was jointly organised by the Senate Committee on INEC and the House Committee on Electoral Matters. The Senate President seized the occasion to reiterate his earlier promise that the National Assembly would work hard to ensure that the Electoral Reforms Bill is passed by the first quarter of 2021. “I said that about two weeks ago quite rightly and we mean it. People may chose to accuse us for any other thing but not what we do here.“We remain committed to all the issues we have considered important in our Legislative Agenda. “Without anybody holding us responsible, we have achieved most not those things that we have set as targets and Electoral Act amendment is one of those targets. “By the Grace of God, we will work so hard to pass it before the end of the first quarter of next year,” Lawan said. The Senate President said the much awaited Petroleum Industry Bill(PIB) would be accorded similar treatment by the National Assembly. Lawan said the target is to pass the PIB before the end of the second quarter of next year. “In the National Assembly here and particularly the ninth Assembly, we have set a Legislative Agenda in the Senate. They have one in the House. Although they are similar, we have consistently remained focused on the Electoral Act amendment and Constitutional amendment that may also refine the Electoral Act and the political environment generally in Nigeria,” Lawan said. •Says president has provided details of borrowing plan•PSC bill passage to generate additional N420bn for 2020 budget Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmad Lawan, yesterday said with sufficient information supplied by the federal government to back its request to borrow $29.9 billion, the Senate would approve… December 17, 2019 In "Top Stories" The confirmation of Prof. Mahmood Yakubu as the chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) might face new troubles. According to ThisDay, the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) caucus in the Senate is set to block Yakubu's confirmation for fresh five-year tenure. This is coming just as the National… November 24, 2020 In "Politics" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President of the Senate Ahmad Lawan says the National Assembly will begin debate on the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) and Electoral Reforms Amendment Bill and Amendment of the 1999 Constitution. He stated this at an interactive journalists in Abuja on the achievements of the Senate… December 16, 2019 In "News"