Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  In what will come across as a really startling development, seven cousins, Peter, Elias, Chibueze, Emmanuel, Simon, Patrick and Godwin all of Ebere family in Enyikpo Ulayi village in Ado Local Government Area of Benue state have been sentenced to death.They were sentenced to death by hanging by an Otukpo High Court. The septet were yesterday convicted by Justice Wilfred Kpochi for criminal conspiracy and culpable homicide punishable with death. At the hearing, the court was told how the convicts conspired and agreed among themselves to killed their brother, one Vincent Ebere with Cutlasses and sticks with which they bruised and matcheted him on the head on December 25, 2012 which led to his death. Delivery his judgement, Justice kpochi turned down the plea of allocatus by the defendants insisting that it was of no effect hence the punishment for the heinous crime was mandatory. He held that the prosecution had proved his case beyond all reasonable doubts and accordingly sentenced all the accused to death by hanging. Speaking shortly after the judgement, the prosecuting Chief State Counsel, Mr. Ada Ocholi who lauded the judgement said it would serve as deterrent to others since nobody was permitted to take the laws into his hands. On her part, wife of the deceased Mrs. Felicia Ebere and his brother Chukwuma commended the Court for the judgement and the judiciary for the manner the case was handled. They expressed happiness that justice had been served in the matter. A serial killer, Gracious David-West has been sentenced to death by hanging.   The man was sentenced by a Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt for the multiple murder of several females in hotels in different parts of the state.   Daily Post reports that David-West who was… October 9, 2020 In "News" An Osun State High Court sitting in Ikirun has sentenced two men to death by hanging for killing one Rofiat Adebisi, who at the time of her death was a student of the Osun State University, Osogbo. Giving his judgment on Thursday in the trial that lasted almost two and… April 3, 2020 In "News" An FCT high court today, sentenced one Mister Obinna Echanu to death by hanging for killing an Uber driver. Channels Television revealed that Obinna was standing trial alongside one Mister Everly Nnerun for allegedly conspiring to kill the Uber driver identified as Edwin Ali on December 26th, 2016 along the… February 6, 2020 In "Metro"