During an interview on Channels Television programme, Politics Today, the Governor refused to answer if he spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari on why he has not visited the school.  Instead, the governor asked the Channels Television presenter to go and ask President Buhari the question. See the conversation below: Channels Television Presenter: Governor, still staying with the visit to the President. I am sure you have seen a lot of questions coming from the President asking just why the President has not visited the school. Did you get any response concerning that. Governor Masari: You go and ask your President. I didn’t ask him that. You go and ask him. Channels Television Presenter: It was you that met with the President, Governor Masari and a lot of Nigerians will like to know if that came up. Governor Masari: Your correspondent is on the entourage of the President ask him to ask him. Channels Television Presenter: Why ask him, when we can ask you. On Friday last week, gunmen attacked Government Science Secondary School in the Kankara council area of the north-west state, kidnapping scores of students. At least 333 students are still missing since the attack which Boko Haram has claimed to be responsible for. -No Abducted Student Dead- Also during the interview on Politics Today, Governor Masari said no abducted student of the Government Science Secondary School in Ƙanƙara Local Government Area of the state is dead. “The children are alive and we have not received any report that anyone had fallen sick. So we assume that all is well with the children,” the governor said.  Source I am truly mystified by the recent fierce hectoring and bullying of a broadcast media columnist, Onoshe Nwabuikwu, by Channels Television. In her column, AIRTIME PLUS, in The Punch newspaper of last Sunday, December 2, she criticised some alleged unprofessional conduct by the television station. Channels Television reacted without restraints.… December 10, 2018 In "Opinion" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News" Abakaliki - Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has debunked the insinuation that South East Governors influence results to help President Muhammadu Buhari achieve 25 per cent of votes in states in the zone. Umahi made the declaration on Monday in Abakaliki while addressing newsmen, noting that the insinuation was unfounded… February 26, 2019 In "Politics"