 Former President Goodluck Jonathan has highlighted the importance of love as the world battles to overcome the coronavirus pandemic.  In his Christmas message on Friday, he appealed to the people to imbibe the spirit of the yuletide season to heal all that is broken in various countries across the world. Jonathan noted that December 25, in the calendar of Christianity, signified the day to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ. According to him, it is a celebration that connects the world to love, selflessness, sacrifice, and solidarity – the virtues that Christ clearly propagated. The former president believes Jesus Christ’s message of salvation speaks to the essence of both spiritual deliverance and earthly redemption. He described it as a constant reminder that humanity would have a more peaceful existence if people of the world should rededicate themselves to friendship, kindness, and compassion. Jonathan stated that people have been through a lot in 2020, especially navigating the traps of the deadly COVID-19 pandemic. He wished Nigerians and others across the world merry Christmas. Read the full text of the former president’s Christmas message below: COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON Christmas is the day, in the calendar of Christendom, that marks the birth of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. It is a commemoration that connects the world to love, selflessness, sacrifice, and solidarity; which are the virtues that Christ unambiguously propagated. Jesus’ message of salvation speaks to the essence of both spiritual deliverance and earthly redemption. It is a constant reminder that humanity will have a more peaceful existence if people of the world rededicate themselves to friendship, kindness, and compassion. People have been through so much in 2020, including navigating the snares of the deadly novel Covid19 pandemic. At Christmas the world needs love. This is the spirit we have to imbibe to heal all that is broken in our world. Merry Christmas to all our compatriots and the rest of humanity. – GEJ LAGOS - The Prelate of the Eternal Sacred Order of the Cherubim and Seraphim Movement, Most Rev. Lazarus Onyeleonu, on Sunday commended Nigerians for the  peaceful elections of March 28. Nigerians voted in Presidential and National Assembly elections on March 28. Onyeleonu, in his goodwill message to mark Easter Sunday… April 5, 2015 In "News" Abuja- Mr John-Kennedy Opara, the Executive Secretary, Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC), on Thursday, said 14,000 Christian pilgrims had so far been transported to Israel this year. He said this while addressing the last batch of pilgrims at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Abuja, before they left for the Holy… December 25, 2014 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Chaplain of Aso Rock Villa, Ven. Obioma Onwuzurumba, has expressed confidence that Nigerians would look for ‎President Goodluck Jonathan in no distant future. The President had conceded defeat last Tuesday to his main opponent in the March 28 presidential elections, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari by calling… April 5, 2015 In "News"