•Prof George Obiozor ENUGU – Imo State consensus candidate for the post of president general of Ohanaeze Ndigbo in the coming January election, Professor George Obiozor was Sunday carried out unconscious from the venue of the Imeobi meeting of the organization. Midway an expanded meeting of the Imeobi (the highest organ of Ohanaeze), Obiozor was said to be exhibiting unusual behavior. He was escorted out of the hall where the meeting was taking place at the Nike Lake Resort, Enugu. It was gathered that as he was being escorted out, he suddenly slumped and passed out. He was driven away unconscious to an unknown destination in an unmarked SUV. Obiozor’s dilemma happened in presence of Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo state, Ministers Chris Ngige and Ogbonnaya Onu, former Senate president, Anyim Pius Anyim, Senator Osita Izunaso, Chief Chekwas Okorie and the deputy governor of Ebonyi state as well as others. The Imeobi meeting, held for the second time within one month was in regards to the forthcoming elections of the apex Igbo sociocultural organization. Said to be the most peaceful since the inception of the organization, objections were raised to the constitution of the 40 member election committee. Minister of Labour, Chris Ngige opposed the chairmanship of the election committee which is occupied by Ben Obi from Ansmbra state. That was, however, resolved as Obi voluntary stepped down for peace to reign paving the way for a former president general of the organization, Gary Enwo Igariwey from Ebonyi state who was unanimously adopted. A clergy, Bishop Gordy Okafor was nominated as deputy chairman and was also unanimously adopted. It was also resolved that the January election will take place in Owerri, Imo state.And henceforth elections shall be held in the state whose turn it is to produce the president general. (The Nation) ABUJA - The Coalition of Igbo Organisations Worldwide will on Sunday, 13th December 2020 (today) hold a town hall meeting/interactive dession between Igbo citizens and the five presidential candidates seeking to replace the current leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. According to a statement signed by Austin Okeke and Mr. Gideon Adikwuru,… December 13, 2020 In "News" Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization Ohanaeze Ndigbo said it has not yet chosen any candidate to succeed Chief Nnia Nwodo as president-general in the forthcoming election. It dispelled a news item making the rounds that a candidate has been chosen to occupy the post. A statement by the president general, Nwodo,… November 23, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Press Release) - Our attention has been drawn to a highly fallacious and spurious letter purported to have been written by the Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, a Fulani socio-cultural organization, to the President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief John Nnia Nwodo.The said letter congratulated Chief Nwodo for his… December 1, 2020 In "News"