The Lagos-Ibadan rail line is a double-track standard gauge rail, the first of its kind in West Africa. It is the first part of a new 2,773km Lagos-Kano standard gauge line. The newly introduced train provides fully air-conditioned train services. It is important to note that wearing a face mask, and having an identification card – passport, national ID, work ID, or voters’ card – is compulsory to buy a ticket at the counter. Here are things to note about boarding the train; 3. The ticket details are as follows; Economy Class ticket – N2,500Business Class ticket – N5,000First Class ticket – N6,000 Direction: Go on the road from Ojuelegba through Tejuosho to burst out at yaba. Once you get to the end of tejuosho road, turn right and just keep going down like you are going to the end of the road. Keep looking at your right where you have the BRT lane, you would see Alagomeji bus stop. Right next to the bus stop is the entrance to the train station. Enjoy your ride! The Nation By Yemi Adeleye/Ngozi Njoku Lagos - The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) says Nigerians will soon enjoy hourly train services on the Lagos-Ibadan Standard Gauge rail line. The Lagos Railway District Manager, Mr Jerry Oche, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Saturday that more activities would soon… February 22, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has approved charges on the new Lagos-Ibadan rail standard gauge which would begin operations by January 2021. The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, made the disclosure during the inauguration of the Governing Council of the Chartered Institute of Transport Administration of Nigeria in Abuja on Friday. He… December 4, 2020 In "News" To most analysts, President Goodluck Jonathan’s name will be written in gold for his administration’s pragmatic efforts at reviving the Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) which has been comatose for nearly 30 years.They note that the feat is even more evident with the president’s recent inauguration of two Diesel Multiple Units… July 14, 2014 In "News"