Christiana Ayeni, a 37-year-old headmistress, has been sent to prison.  The woman landed in trouble while enforcing discipline by reportedly checking the private parts of four female students inside the school over virginity. According to P.M.EXPRESS, the headmistress was arrested, arraigned in Court and was remanded in Ilesa Correctional Centre for unlawfully and indecently assaulting the students. The incident happened at San Francesco Catholic College, Ejigbo, Osun State, where the victims were as boarding school students. The Police alleged that the headmistress, Mrs. Ayeni, unlawfully and indecently assaulted a set of students namely, Mariam Ismael (18), Martha Alfa (15), Adefehintoluwa Ademuleyo (15) and Raphael Olamide (14), by touching their private parts within the hostel vicinity at the college. Police Prosecutor, Inspector Elisha Olusegun, said the alleged offence contravened Section 360 of the Criminal Code, Cap 34, Vol. II, Laws of Osun State, 2002. She pleaded not guilty. The Defence Counsel, Mr. Oladipupo Olatubosun, pleaded with the Court to grant the defendant bail on most liberal term as she had credible sureties and will not jump bail. However, the application for bail was opposed by Prosecutor, Olusegun, on the ground that the suspect might jump bail. The Magistrate, Modupe Awodele, who ordered that the defendant be remanded in Ilesa Correctional Centre, then transferred the matter to the Ejigbo Chief Magistrate’s Court to determine on the issue of bail and adjourned the matter till 21st December, 2020 for mention.  Source A 37-year-old father, Okoro Odia, was Wednesday dragged before an Ogudu Magistrates’ Court sitting in Lagos State for putting ground pepper on his 10-year-old daughter’s private part. The police prosecutor, Ihiehie Lucky, told the court that the accused committed the alleged offence sometime in June and again in August. Ihiehie… August 10, 2016 In "Metro" Lagos- An Ogudu Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, on Wednesday remanded a 37-year-old father, Okoro Odia, in prison custody for putting grinded pepper on his 10-year-old daughter’s private part. Okoro is standing trial on a three-count of indecent treatment, attempt to commit murder and assault. Prosecutor Ihiehie Lucky told the court that… August 10, 2016 In "Metro" A secondary school teacher has been nabbed after he reportedly forced a female student to sleep with him.   A 28-year-old teacher, Idowu Daniel, was on Monday remanded in prison by an Ikeja Chief Magistrate Court for allegedly defiling a 17-year-old secondary school student, Daily Trust reports.  The chief magistrate, Olufunke… July 23, 2019 In "Metro"