A video showing the President Muhammadu Buhari visiting his cows in Daura Katsina State, barely hours after hundreds of boys were abducted by bandits has elicited criticisms from several social media users. The pupils of Government Boys Science Secondary School in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State were abducted by gunmen who came on motorbikes around 11 pm on Friday night. In a video posted on social media on Monday by Sahara Reporters with the time stamp December 12, 2020, however, Buhari is seen with his aides touring his ranch. The video comes barely a day after Buhari, who is also in Katsina State, failed to visit the school but rather sent a delegation from Abuja to visit the school and sympathise with the families of the victims. Sahara Reporters Publisher, Omoyele Sowore, said it was obvious that Buhari was not competent and it was time for him to go. “600 Students got kidnapped in Katsina and he ignored them instead the lifeless President went to visit his cows! The moment we get it that the Buhari regime can’t be redeemed we will come to the inevitable conclusion that #Buharimustgo,” Sowore tweeted. @TFatombi, “Cows with benefits. 600 lives meant nothing to him.” “Where a man’s treasure is that’s where his heart is,” tweeted @AdemolaAgunbia3. Another tweep wondered how Nigerians would ensure Buhari’s incompetence for the next three years. @iamscorefield tweeted, “Is this the president you want to rule till 2023? Remember we are still in 2020. We better focus on #BuhariMustResign not #Endsars.” @Thedarkhorse123 said the recent abduction of schoolboys could be worse than the kidnapping of Chibok girls in 2014 if urgent action is not taken. “It appears if we don’t do something in the next 24 hours, we may have another Chibok case in our hands. Anytime this happens and is ignored for two to three days the window closes! The state government is saying 300 (are missing) while Garba Shehu is saying 10 students. We are in a mess,” he tweeted.  Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News" A screenshot taken on December 14, 2020, shows a classroom block at the Government Science Secondary School, Ƙankara, Katsina State. A resident of Ƙankara Local Government Area has revealed why bandits abducted over 300 schoolboys in Katsina State. The man who does not want his identity revealed told Channels Television… December 14, 2020 In "News" Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III led Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), has described the abduction of hundreds of Government Science Secondary School (GSSS), Kankara’s students, as a slap on President Muhammadu Buhari’s face. The apex Islamic body in the North said that, the boldness of the bandits to… December 14, 2020 In "News"