A former Governor of Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, has opened up on his time in prison.  The Senate chief whip said he is happy he spent some time in prison. According to him, prison made him a better person. Kalu on Sunday opened up about his time in prison, revealing that it made him a better person and that he is happy he spent time there. According to the senator representing Abia North in the National Assembly, the prison experience was an eye-opener and something that revealed many secrets to him. He made the statement during a Thanksgiving session at the Love World Incorporated, otherwise known as Christ Embassy. “I am happy that I went to prison. I went to prison and I am out. I am happy because, going to prison has made me a refined, better and more forward looking man. I went to prison and discovered many secrets that I never believed that could happen,” he said. In December 2019, Kalu was convicted by the Lagos federal high court for money laundering to the tune of N7.1 billion but was released from the Kuje Correctional Centre in June 2020, after spending five months in prison.  Source Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, the Senate Chief Whip and former Governor of Abia State, has revealed how Pastor Chris Oyakhilome predicted what would happen to him. According to Kalu, that the Founder and President of LoveWorld Incorporated, also known as Christ Embassy, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, told him that he would… December 13, 2020 In "News" •Senator Orji Uzor Kalu Dee Kalu, There is nothing Igbos hate as when they find out that one of their own is playing a saboteur. And once they brand you a sell-out, it is very difficult for them to forget or forgive you. When you are on the side of… June 13, 2020 In "Opinion" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Sen Orji Uzor Kalu has been used to comfortable life and can't easily put up with certain life-style even in prison. He exhibited this even as he was taken to his small-space cell at Kuje prison. Senator Orji Kalu who upon conviction pleaded… December 10, 2019 In "Top Stories"