It has been revealed that Nigeria’s first lady, Aisha Buhari traveled to Dubai for medical check up.  The revelation was made by her aide, Kabiru Dodo. The aide stated that Aisha didn’t run away from the country because of rising insecurity. Mr Dodo who is a former All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in Taraba statted this in Jalingo during a presentation of toiletries to widows on behalf of Mrs Buhari’s Future Assured Foundation. He said the first lady left the country before over 300 students were kidnapped in Katsina State. “The First Lady travelled for her medical trip, she did not flee the country because of insecurity. “She left her children, her husband and family in Nigeria. “What people are saying is baseless and worth nothing to be considered. “I want to tell the whole world that I do speak to her on daily basis and she is ready to return to the country as soon as she is done with the medical treatment abroad,” Dodo said. The former member of the Taraba State House of Assembly added that the first lady did not leave Nigeria because of insecurity even when her husband was not the president. Source The First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has been flown out of the country to Dubai, in the United Arab Emirate. Although the office of the First Lady could not confirm the reason for her trip, there are strong indications that Mrs Buhari may be receiving medical attention in the Arab… August 8, 2020 In "News" The wedding ceremony between President Muhammadu Buhari's daughter, Hanan, and her groom, Mohammed Turad, on Friday had all the trappings of a fairytale nuptials. Apart from the opulence on display, SaharaRepoters reliably gathered that event planners for the wedding were flown in from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to add colour… September 6, 2020 In "Politics" By Reuben Abati Mrs Aisha M. Buhari, the wife of President Muhammadu Buhari is probably the most loved person in Nigeria today, especially by critics of her husband’s administration. She first came to our notice in this regard when in the course of her ailing husband’s medical vacation in London, she… January 23, 2018 In "Opinion"