It was serious panic that took over Owerri, the Imo state capital on Tuesday after some fleeing gunmen shot and killed two siblings.  According to The PUNCH, the victims, Ifeanyi Anyanwu, 47, and Tochukwu Anyanwu, 45, were shot dead at the back gate of the Imo State University, Owerri. It was gathered that two other persons, Kasim Rashidi, 22, and Salam Rashidi, 20, who were with the deceased were also shot but rushed to the Federal Medical Center, Owerri, where they are receiving medical attention. It was gathered that while Ifeanyi was an architect, his younger brother, Tochukwu, was a surveyor. A source disclosed that the siblings were killed after they had been robbed of their gray coloured Ford Edge with the number plate, BWR 809 BC. He said, “The deceased who were brothers of the same parents were living at plot 249 Area ‘A’ World Bank Housing Estate, Owerri. They were from Umuopara Omukwu, Onicha in Ezinihitte Mbaise LGA. “They were robbed of their ash-coloured Ford Edge car with registration number BWR 809 BC and both of them were shot dead by unknown gunmen at Imo State University, Owerri back gate mine. “One Salam Rashidi aged 20, and Kasim Rashidi aged 22, both of Okwu Uratta in Owerri North LGA, sustained gunshot injuries from the hoodlums during their indiscriminate shooting. “Corpses of the deceased have been removed and deposited at Aladinma mortuary and the gunshot victims taken to FMC Owerri for treatment.” When contacted, the Police Spokesperson in the state, Orlando Ikeokwu, confirmed the incident. He disclosed that the command had already commenced an investigation into the incident.  Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) has released names of 150 pro-Biafra agitators it alleged were killed by the Nigerian Army. In a report released on Tuesday, Intersociety said the massacre was carried out in September 2017… June 20, 2018 In "Local News" Some unknown gunmen suspected to be cultists have killed a former police officer and four others.   Gunmen suspected to be cultists on Thursday morning killed five persons in Ilile community, Ohaji/Egbema Local Government Area of Imo State, according to a report by Punch.  The incident occurred around 3am in the… August 22, 2019 In "Metro" It is a sad time for the family members of an Akwa Ibom State University student killed by suspected cultists. Gunmen suspected to be members of a secret cult shot dead one Emem Jimmy, a 200-level student of the Department of Political Science, Akwa Ibom State University, Punch has reported.… May 8, 2019 In "News"