A High court sitting in Abuja has suspended indefinitely the forgery case levelled against Edo state governor, Godwin Obaseki.  Recall that the All Progressives Congress (APC) and one Williams Edobor, a chieftain of the party had filed a suit against Obaseki, accusing him of forging his first degree certificate which he submitted to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to enable him contest the election. Ruling on Obaseki’s application for the case to be suspended indefinitely, the court held that it would be inappropriate to proceed with the suit considering the application for a stay pending at the court of appeal. The Judge Said; “What would be the meaning of the trial court’s action? The answer is not far fetched and that is it does not care about whatever decision the appellate court would take in relations to whether it grants stay of further proceedings or not. “If eventually, the appellate court in its wisdom decides to stay further proceedings in the lower court and by that time, proceedings have been concluded at the lower court, the order of stay made would have been rendered worthless. “While this uncertainty lasts, it is better and appropriate to tarry a while to allow the appellate court to carry out its jurisdiction on whether or not it should grant stay of further proceedings “Furthermore, it is the law as established by both the court of appeal and the supreme court that where a lower court is aware of an application for stay of either execution or proceedings, it would be wrong to ignore such application and proceed to hear the suit. “This court is not prepared to be on collision course with the court of appeal as far as this case or any case for that matter. This court is ready to abide by whatever directive the court of appeal would make or give this court including the order to conclude hearing this matter. “This suit is hereby adjourned sine die to await the decision of the first defendant’s application for stay of further proceedings.”  Source A Federal High Court in Abuja has adjourned indefinitely proceedings in the suit by the All Progressives Congress (APC) and a member, Edobor Williams, praying for the sack of Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki. The plaintiffs are querying Obaseki’s academic qualification and want the court to disqualify him. Justice Ahmed… December 16, 2020 In "Politics" Members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo, who filed a case against Governor Godwin Obaseki over alleged certificate forgery, have explained why they withdrew the suit. The case, suit No FHC/ABJ/CS /553/20 Edobor Williams and others VS APC & Obaseki, was withdrawn from the Federal High Court, Abuja,… June 29, 2020 In "News" Just before the Court of Appeal in Abuja on Monday nullified the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, it has been revealed that governors, who were opposed to Oshiomhole, at a meeting in Abuja, engaged in a shouting match with their colleagues supporting… March 17, 2020 In "Politics"