The All Progressives Congress, (APC), Enugu State chapter has announced the expulsion of Deacon Okey Ogbodo and four others from the party.  Announcing their dismissal during the swearing in of the new State Executive caretaker Committee members of the party, Dr. Ben Nwoye who was returned as the Caretaker Chairman of the party in Enugu State said their expulsion was as a result of their failure to withdraw the lawsuit against the party as directed by the National Executive Committee, NEC. “The state chapter of the APC acting on the directive of the National Legal Adviser of the party set up a disciplinary committee to commence and complete the process of investigating members found wanting. “Deacon Okey Ogbodo and his cohorts which includes; Barr. Chike Omeje, Rufus Nwagu, Rev. Onuorah, Ndubuisi Ani and Chinedu Okosisi in flagrant disregard to the resolution of the NEC failed to withdraw their cases at the appellate Court.”  Source The former National Vice-Chairman (South-South), All Progressives Congress, Hilliard Eta, has rejected his expulsion by the National Executive Committee of the party, which met at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Tuesday. He described the Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee as an illegal contraption, which had no constitutional… December 9, 2020 In "Politics" Enugu   -        A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Dennis Aghanya, has called on the party’s National Working Committee (NWC) to dissolve the two factions in Enugu State. Aghanya, a former media aide to President Muhammadu Buhari between 2009 and 2011 and Pioneer National… September 24, 2018 In "News" The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State has suspended the Special Adviser to the President on political matters, Senator Babafemi Ojudu and ten other big wigs of state chapter over alleged anti-party activities. The Nation gathered that the suspension followed the recommendation of a ten-member Disciplinary panel led by… September 24, 2020 In "Politics"