The French presidency has announced that President Emmanuel Macron has tested positive for coronavirus.  French President Emmanuel Macron has tested positive for COVID-19, the French Presidency said on Thursday. “The President of the Republic has been diagnosed positive for COVID-19 today,” a statement said. The diagnosis was made following a PCR test performed after he showed initial symptoms, though his symptoms were not listed. Macron will self-isolate for seven days, according to the statement, but will “continue to work and take care of his activities at a distance.” In light of the diagnosis, Macron has canceled all of his upcoming trips, including a scheduled visit to Lebanon. His office is also currently in the process of identifying those people with whom he may have been in contact. Macron attended a European Council heads of state meeting on December 10 and 11. Quarantine for other politiciansPrime Minister Jean Castex will also self-isolate after coming into contact with Macron. Castex has not shown symptoms, but will no longer be going to the French Senate on Thursday to outline the government’s vaccine strategy to combat the virus, his office said in a statement. Macron’s wife, Brigitte, has also entered quarantine but is showing no symptoms. Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez has said he will self-isolate until December 24. He met with Macron on Monday of this week. France has recorded over 2.4 million cases and 59,000 deaths since the start of the pandemic.  Source PARIS - French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday ordered stringent restrictions on people’s movement to slow the spread of the coronavirus, and said the army would be drafted in to help move the sick to hospitals. France had already shut down restaurants and bars, closed schools and put ski resorts… March 17, 2020 In "Foreign" Rome   -    Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte on Thursday confirmed his planned Friday meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron, a statement said, after a conciliatory phone call between the two politicians. Conte had considered pushing back the visit amid a diplomatic spat that broke out with France after Italy closed… June 14, 2018 In "Foreign" Paris -  French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday pressed Russia’s Vladimir Putin to do all he can to ensure the Syrian government puts an end to a deteriorating humanitarian crisis in eastern Ghouta and Idlib, the Elysee Palace said. In a telephone call, Macron told Putin it was imperative that… February 9, 2018 In "Foreign"