By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, has congratulated President Muhammadu Buhari on the occasion of his 78th birthday. In a birthday message signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Umar Muhammad Puma, Wase joined the millions of Nigerians and well-wishers globally in extolling the virtues of the President as not only the Father of the whole nation but as a true leader and democrat. He noted that in his five years in office, the President has been able to showcase true qualities of a good leader and have proven to have a listening ear as he is always ready to do the yearnings of Nigerians. “True to his words before assuming office, President Buhari has stayed faithful to the yearnings of Nigerians who had been yearning for good governance and improved standard of living in all the areas of their lives. “From the empowerment programmes to the infrastructural developments and poverty alleviation schemes, the President has consistently improved the lives of millions of Nigeria and have been able to cushion the effects of the current economic recession occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic. “As the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the President has also continued to deliver on the mandate of the delivery the much-needed change to Nigerians through his commendable leadership qualities from years of experience both as Head of State and in the current democratic dispensation.” The Deputy Speaker prayed Almighty God to protect, preserve and grant the President more years of fulfilled service and strength to continue leading Nigerians in his wisdom.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, has expressed sadness over the demise of the Senator representing Plateau South senatorial district, Ignatius Longjan, who passed away in the early hours of Monday in Abuja. According to the statement… February 11, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase has described the President of the Senate,Distinguished Senator Ahmad Lawan as a patrotic lawmaker, whose love for the nation is unquestionable. Wase's gave this description in a statement signed by… January 12, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase has enjoined Christians in Nigeria to emulate the lifestyle of Jesus Christ who lived and preached love, peace and harmony among human beings. In a message of felicitation signed by his… December 24, 2019 In "News"