A video showing Kaduna Chairman of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, Apostle Egoh Bako Bulus abducted by the terrorist group, Boko Haram has been released.  A twitter user, @bulamabukarti who shared the sad news wrote: “Earlier today, the Shekau faction of BH released a video of Evangelist Bulus whom they abducted after killing 7 people at Pemi on Xmas Eve. On the same day, they kidnapped 40 loggers at Wulgo forest after killing 3. They’re reported to be presently attacking 3 villages in Borno. Shekau is doing this to stop Christians from Xmas. Unarmed civilians are sadly at the mercy of one of the most vicious terrorist groups on earth. They’re killed and abducted and their property destroyed as if they aren’t humans. Governments need to do more to protect Nigerians.” Nigerians have lamented that the federal government feels unconcerned as the terrorists attack and kill innocent Christians in the North. Also condemning the abduction, Chairman of Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN, in Criss River State DR Lawrence Ekwok called the abduction of Apostle Egoh Bako on Christmas Day a callous and wicked act. “A situation, where preachers of the gospel of Jesus Christ, have become the target of kidnappers seeking for blood money to the extent of kidnapping a minister on a day recognised worldwide as a day of peace and joy must stop”. He said t kidnapping and armed robbery menace have become too worrisome and all people of good will should join efforts to stamp it out of the society. He warned that “Apostle Bako must be released immediately along with his wife and others unhurt for the kidnappers not to incur the wrath of the Almighty God ”The security situation in the country today is terrible, and no effort should be spared in setting the minister o God and others in captivity free immediately”. Dr Ekwok charged the government of Kaduna state and the security agencies to ensure the immediate release of the minister. In a new video released by Boko Haram, one of the abducted students has opened up how the bandits attacked their school, killed and abducted some of them. Recall that the incident happened last week Friday at the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. One of the students speaking… December 17, 2020 In "News" By Tim Lister There are many groups listed by the U.S. State Department as terrorists. But few fit the classic definition -- threatening and inflicting terror on a civilian population -- better than Boko Haram in northern Nigeria. What's more difficult to work out, beyond Boko Haram's hatred for everything… May 7, 2014 In "News" The communications director of a Catholic Diocese in Nigeria has confirmed that Martha Bulus, a bride-to-be, and all of the members of her bridal party were murdered by suspected Boko Haram insurgents at Gwoza on December 26, 2019. Father Francis Arinse told the Catholic News Service the group was on… January 1, 2020 In "News"