The wife of the President and First Lady of Nigeria, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has allegedly relocated to Dubai, United Arab Emirates, according to a report by SaharaReporters.  Aisha’s husband, President Buhari assumed office on 29 May 2015 after he defeated the then-incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan. Aisha is a cosmetologist, beauty therapist and author. According to SaharaReporters, she has not been in Nigeria for the past six months, as she reportedly stated that the Aso Rock Villa was not secure for her family. The media outlet went on to claim that her concern was triggered by a shooting incident which occurred in June and caused some panic among occupants of the Aso Villa. A source told SaharaReporters that the First Lady has now relocated quietly to the UAE for over three months, with no one being aware of when she plans on returning. The Presidency source said, “Aisha Buhari has relocated quietly to Dubai. She has been going to the UAE even before the daughter’s wedding. “Before the wedding, she also stayed there for months during lockdown, shopping and relaxing. But since the end of the wedding, she has been away owing to security concerns in the villa.”  Source According to SaharaReporters, it has been revealed that Nigeria’s First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari, is currently in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.   Aisha traveled to Dubai with her entourage ahead of the expected delivery of a baby by her daughter, Zahra.   This revelation is against widespread belief that Mrs… October 25, 2020 In "News" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, has claimed that First Lady, Aisha Buhari, has chased Garba Shehu, President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Assistant on Media and Publicity out of Aso Rock. This comes after Reno Omokri, former aide to ex-president Goodluck Jonathan also claimed that Garba… May 13, 2020 In "Politics" The wedding ceremony between President Muhammadu Buhari's daughter, Hanan, and her groom, Mohammed Turad, on Friday had all the trappings of a fairytale nuptials. Apart from the opulence on display, SaharaRepoters reliably gathered that event planners for the wedding were flown in from Dubai, United Arab Emirates, to add colour… September 6, 2020 In "Politics"