TOKYO (Sundiata Post) – Bank of Japan (BOJ) policymakers were divided on how far to go in tweaking its stimulus programme, with some calling for an overhaul of its strategy for achieving 2% inflation, a summary of views voiced at the December rate review showed. The policy examination will focus on tweaking the BOJ’s purchases of exchange-traded funds (ETF) and operations for controlling the yield curve, according to the summary of the Dec. 17 to 18 meeting released on Monday. BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has said the policy review will not lead to big changes to yield curve control (YCC) and instead focus on fine-tuning the framework to make it more sustainable. But some BOJ board members called for a more ambitious review as the hit to growth from COVID-19 stokes fears of a return to deflation, the summary showed. “The BOJ must conduct a renewed comprehensive assessment on what strategy it should take in achieving its price target,” one of the nine members said. “To avoid a return to deflation, the BOJ should assess its strategy, tools, and communication for achieving its price goal,” another opinion quoted in the summary showed. In December, the BOJ extended the deadline for steps to ease funding strains for firms hit by COVID-19. It also unveiled a plan to seek ways to make its policy more sustainable, as the pandemic pushes prices further away from the 2% goal. Some members said the BOJ could make its ETF purchases more flexible, so it can sustain the programme for a prolonged period and ramp up buying if markets turn volatile, the summary showed. Others saw room to tweak the YCC’s operations such as by seeking to control yields “more carefully” and allowing for a moderate steepening of the yield curve, it showed. Under the YCC, the BOJ guides short-term interest rates at -0.1% and 10-year bond yields around zero through massive bond buying. It also purchases huge amounts of ETFs and other risky assets, a policy that has drawn criticism from some investors for distorting pricing and drying up market liquidity. (Rauters) LONDON,  - European shares were on track for a fourth straight day of gains and the safe-haven yen broke below its post-Brexit low on Tuesday as easing political tensions in Britain and stimulus hopes boosted risk appetite. Europe's STOXX 600 rose 0.5 percent, helped by gains in Daimler and Unicredit,… July 12, 2016 In "Business" Title: Inflation and the Structure of Aggregate Output: Theoretical, Empirical and Policy Issues Author: Abraham E. Nwankwo Publisher: Adonis and Abbey Publishers Ltd, London, U.K Pages: 264   Reviewer: Mike I. Obadan, Professor of Economics, University of Benin and Chairman, Foundation for Education and Development, Benin City. Review presentation: At… July 7, 2017 In "Business" Shanghai   -      Asian stocks edged higher on Thursday, taking comfort from gains on Wall Street as Brent sweet crude rose to approximately 75 dollars. Asian stock was up after United States President, Donald Trump and European Commission President, Jean-Claude Juncker agreed to work toward eliminating trade barriers… July 26, 2018 In "Foreign"