Not less than two million Nigerian youths have been rendered jobless by the recent suspension of sale, registration and activation of SIM Cards by the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. Arewa Telecom Operators Agents and SIM card Dealers Association (ATOASDA), made the claim while addressing a press conference in Kaduna on Monday. The Telecom dealers who noted that, they were aware of the Federal Government’s intention to address security challenges through linkage of National Identity Number NIN with mobile numbers and suspension of new Sim cards registration, they fear that, rendering two million youths jobless might worsen the security challenges. Speaking on behalf of the dealers, its President, Hassan Yakubu said, as a registered association under corporate affairs commission of the federal republic of Nigeria with registration number CAC/IT/NO131761 and with Nigeria communications commission volume number as NCC/CAB/2019/VOL.1/011, we are fully in support of FG measures to protect the lives and properties of the citizenry. He however observed that, the federal government must trade carefully for the considering that, all available research works on the causes of insecurity across the country have been linked primarily to youth unemployment. He said that, the income of the telecoms business partners, staff and the agents, majority of whom are within the age bracket between 20 to 40 years in the value chain is determined by the number of activations /SIM registration carried out within the month. According to Yakubu, “the suspension of SIM card registration may trigger another worse form of insecurity especially in zones most affected by the insecurity, in fact, the growth in the Telecom sector is determined by the very sub-sector that was suspended and the much celebrated 17% contribution by Telecom sector on the GDP was as a result of the activities of the sub-sector under suspension. “We therefore wish to advise that, the federal government can still achieve the desired result as well as avoid creating more problems in an attempt to solve a problem if the suspension is revised immediately to avoid the danger the suspension may expose the youth.” The Nation The Federal Government has deepened the SIM card registration policy to now include the National Identification Number (NIN) from the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC). A statement made available to Business Hilights weekend from the office of the Technical Assistant (Information Technology) to the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy,… February 10, 2020 In "News" SPEECH BY THE EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN/CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF THE NIGERIAN COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION (NCC), PROF. UMAR GARBA DANBATTA, FNSE, FAEng., FRAES, FNIEEE, AT THE INTERACTIVE SESSIONWITH MEDIA CHIEFS AND NEWS EDITORS ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 2020   I am indeed very delighted to be with you at this exclusive first… September 9, 2020 In "Technology" Mobile Network Operators have been directed by the Nigerian Communications Commission to immediately suspend the sale and activation of new SIM cards to allow an audit of the Subscriber Registration Database. The Director, Public Affairs at NCC, Dr. Ikechukwu Adinde, in a statement on Wednesday, said it was absolutely necessary… December 9, 2020 In "News"