Nigerian artistes, Burna Boy and Wizkid won big at the 2020 Music of Black Origin, MOBO Awards.  The prestigious award held for the first time in three years after going on a hiatus in the year 2017. Wizkid was named the Best African Act while Burna Boy was named the Best International Act. Nigerian superstars, Davido and Tiwa Savage also performed at the event. Nigerian COVID-19 lockdown soundtrack, ‘Don’t Rush’ by Young T & Bugsey was named song of the year. Full List Of Winners At 2020 MOBO Awards Album of the year: Nines – Crabs in a Bucket Best male act: Headie One Best female act: Mahalia Song of the year (public vote): Young T & Bugsey – Don’t Rush (feat Headie One) Best newcomer (public vote): Aitch Video of the year: NSG – Lupita Best R&B/soul act: Mahalia Best hip-hop act: Nines Best grime act (public vote): JME Best international act (public vote): Burna Boy Best performance in a TV show/film: Michael Ward as Marco, Blue Story Best media personality: Chunkz Best album 2017-2019: Ella Mai – Ella Mai Best African act: Wizkid Best reggae act: Buju Banton Best gospel act: CalledOut Music Best jazz act: Ego Ella May Best producer: Jae5 Inspiration award: Steve McQueen Top Nigerian acts, Burna Boy and Rema have been nominated for the 2020 BET awards, as they continue to gain global prominence. As the nomination list was released by American media network, BET, on Monday, many Nigerians were eager to see which of their country stars made the cut. For… June 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Nigerian Afro-fusion singer, Damini Ogulu, better known as Burna Boy, has lost the Best World Music Album trophy to Beninese ace singer, Angélique Kidjo, at the 62nd Grammy Award. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards ceremony, acclaimed to… January 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerian singer and Grammy nominee, Burna Boy has won the award for the best international artiste at the Vodafone Ghana Music festival that held on Saturday, 29th of August 2020. The 29-year-old beat Davido, Teni, Rudebwoy, Mercy Chinwo, Big Trill and Sho Madjodzi to win the award. This is the… August 31, 2020 In "Entertainment"