The deadly coronavirus disease has reportedly taken the life of a popuar Nigerian public speaker.  According to LIB, popular Nigerian public speaker, Ubong King is dead. Late Ubong died in Lagos on Saturday, December 26 after a battle with COVID19. He is survived by his wife, Unyime Ivy-King, and four children. See reactions to his death on social media:Rest in Peace @ubongking . You were a mentor to many of us. You inspired many of us to leave our comfort zone. You told us “You are More than This” The next generation need to know about you…You put energy and vibes anywhere you enter. I miss you sir pic.twitter.com/So9FFkseS8 — Chimex -Enugu Projector Plug (@chimexvinlex) December 27, 2020The news of his demise is so heartbreaking. RIP Ubong King. What a year. 2020 pic.twitter.com/X5CW7jft4W — Victor (@AradGula) December 27, 2020*** It’s so painful to know about the demise of Ubong Thompson King; a man endowed with inspiring words. You’re dead but your inspiration lives on. RIP @ubongking *** If your demise is true then the earth was blessed to have you in it. Thanks for the videos, words, messages and all you left @ubongking . Reading these replies again made me happy for you cz you lived fulfilled. May God comfort your family. #Troublemaker #ubongkinglegacy Abuja （Sundiata Post）- Manager of Skye Bank Plc, Abak Road Branch, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State, Mr. Ubong Ekpe, is dead. It was gathered that Ubong, who was married with children, drowned along with his brother, Francis, at the Ibeno Beach, Iwuokpom community, in the Ibeno Local Government Area of the state.… April 11, 2018 In "Metro" India - A popular Bollywood actor, Kushal Punjabi, 37 has reportedly committed suicide after he was found dead at his residence.  According to local media reports in India, the body of the Bollywood actor was found hanging in his Mumbai home, India on the night of Thursday, December 26th.  His… December 27, 2019 In "Foreign" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - Mr Allen Onyema, the Chairman, Air Peace, has charged youths in the country to challenge themselves and strategically position their minds in a way to achieve success. The airline’s Corporate Communications Executive, Mr Stanley Olisa, said that Onyema gave the advice in a statement Olisa… January 30, 2020 In "News"