The Managing Director of the National Inner Waterways, Chief George Moghalu, has raised the alarm over ghost names on the Anambra State register of the All Progressives Congress.  Moghalu, who is one of the party’s governorship aspirants for the 2021 Anambra governorship election, urged the party leadership to use the fresh opportunity given by the national headquarters to produce a credible membership register. He spoke in Nnewi, Anambra State, during a meeting with his supporters and other party faithful. Moghalu said, “We must ensure the credibility of our membership register. You see thousands of names on the register, yet it doesn’t reflect in the number of votes cast during elections. “You gain nothing by injecting ghost names on the register. It’s either those names don’t exist, or they don’t believe in our party. It’s better we have few existing names that we are sure to vote for us at every election.” Also speaking during the event, the APC State Chairman, Basil Ejidike said, “It’s not going to be business as usual because of the crop of leaders we have in the party now. Source By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -   Dr George Moghalu, All Progressives Congress (APC) National Auditor and Anambra governorship aspirant, says the state has the potential to be the best in the country if well managed. He made this known in Abuja on Tuesday while speaking with newsmen on his desire… July 11, 2017 In "Politics" Vice president, Prof Yemi Osinbajo, has assured the members of the All Progressive Congress APC in Anambra State, that 2021 governorship election is a sure bet for the party His assurance came yesterday at the Prof Dora Akunyili Women’s Development center in Awka, Anambra, during the interactive round table meeting… July 26, 2019 In "Politics" Former Abia governor, Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu, has advised aspirants for the Anambra State governorship poll on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to, on their own, select a candidate. He said this at a meeting with the APC aspirants in Abuja on Thursday. The election is scheduled… June 23, 2017 In "News"