•Communications Minister, Dr Isa Pantami By JESSICA DOGO ABUJA – The Federal Government has said that issuance of National Identification Number (NIN) was at no cost to Nigerians as the cost of the registration was being shouldered by the government. The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, said this following complaints from some applicants who alleged that they were being asked to pay for the service. The Technical Assistant on Information Technology to the minister, Dr Femi Adeluyi, made this known in a statement on Saturday in Abuja. “The National Identity Number is completely free for all Nigerians and legal residents with Resident Permit from the Nigeria Immigration Service. “The National Identity Number is the right of every citizen, based on the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), Act 2007,” he said. The Minister said he had instructed the Director-General of NIMC to investigate the allegations with a view to bringing the perpetrators, if any, to book. “The Director-General will also provide a platform for such allegations to be reported,” Pantami added. He commended the sacrifice of the Management and staff of NIMC who have carried out their assignment conscientiously during, and even outside, working hours. He disclosed that the ministry was working to ensure the conditions of service and welfare of the staff were favourable. Pantami reiterated the ministry’s commitment to creating an enabling environment for all Nigerians and legal residents to obtain their National Identity Number. (NAN) Aiming to join other nations in achieving the United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 16.9 to provide legal identity for all, including free birth registrations by 2030, Nigeria is actively working towards increasing enrolment of its citizens in a digital identity database which will help economic development. The National Identity… October 24, 2020 In "News" The Federal government has ordered the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC ) and the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) to remove the 20 naira USSD fee imposed on subscribers for the retrieval of their National Identity Numbers (NIN). The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ibrahim Pantami gave the… December 18, 2020 In "News" Nigeria government said it has licensed 173 centres and 30 state government institutions to conduct the enrollment of the National Identity Number (NIN) across the country. “The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), has approved the licensing of 173 Agents and 30 State Governments/Public Sector Institutions… December 17, 2020 In "News"