16-year-old Marsai Martin has broken the Guinness World Record as the youngest Hollywood Executive Producer.  She was only 14 years old when she executive produced the 2019 film “Little,” in which she also starred alongside Regina Hall and Issa Rae. “It feels crazy, honestly,” Martin said in a video of her certificate presentation. “A world record? That’s insane.” Although Marsai is now 16 years old, she technically broke the record in 2019 but she wasn’t presented with this award and officially declared a record-breaker by Guinness until now. “To be able to create a film, to star in it and be with your favourite stars, and actually seeing that entire experience was so amazing,” Martin said during the certificate presentation. Marsai, who came to fame starring as Dianne on “Black-ish”, reportedly pitched the idea for the film herself to “Black-ish” producer Kenya Barris when she was 10. After the pitch was accepted, Martin signed a deal with Universal Pictures, developing scripted projects, last year. The record makes sure to note that she was only 14 and 241 days old when “Little” was released. “She is not only tremendously talented in front of the camera, but offers a unique perspective as a creator and producer that will resonate with all audiences,” Peter Cramer, president of Universal Pictures, said in a statement to CNN. Martin will appear in the 2021 edition of the physical Guinness World Records book and in the meantime, her production company, Genius Productions, is currently working on another film, “StepMonster.”  Source London - Nail-biting action scenes and blasts are a regular feature in James Bond movies. But the franchise's latest offering, "Spectre", has scored a world record for the largest stunt explosion in a film, Guinness World Records said on Tuesday. Actor Daniel Craig, who reprises the 007 role for the… November 11, 2015 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja    -      Nigeria’s Ayobami ‘AY’ Makun and Omoni Oboli will make their debut in a Hollywood animation film, “Elliott: The Littlest Reindeer”. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that though the characters AY and Oboli would voiced in the film scheduled to premiere on Dec.… November 28, 2018 In "Entertainment" The year began with rap making history at the Grammys as Childish Gambino’s “This is America” became the first hip hop track to win the ceremony’s top record and song of the year accolade. At the Oscars, “Green Book” took best film while Briton Olivia Colman beat presumed favourite Glenn… December 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"