An official of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Daniel Kokorifa, has recounted the tragic murder of his son, Innocent, aged 17, over three years ago in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, by men of the Anti-Vice Unit of the Bayelsa State Police Command. Innocent was killed by the police in August 2016 along Airforce Road at Okaka-Epie in Yenagoa Local Government Area of the state. Kokorifa, attached to the Port Harcourt, Rivers State Command of the FRSC, told the Bayelsa State Judicial Panel of Inquiry investigating police brutality and extrajudicial killing that the murder of his son terminated his dream of becoming a lawyer. He said his son met his untimely death on a fateful day while running an errand for his mother in a nearby street. Kokorifa, an indigene of Okpotowarie community of Southern Ijaw Local Government Area of the state, in the petition dated November 4, 2020, No. EAA/PI/BYS/240/2020 through his counsel, E. A. Aluzu Esq, said his son was shot from behind at about 11.30 am by one Police Corporal Vincent Kohamowei without provocation. Another petitioner, 81-year-old Chief Lucky Amakiri, in his petition before the panel said his grandson, Blessing Amakiri, was shot dead by the men of state police command based on mere suspicion of belonging to a cult group in the state. Chief Amakiri said his grandson, who was 19 then, was shot dead by the men of Ekeki Police Division while on an errand at the former Oyoyo market in Ovom area of the state capital. Also dragging the authorities of the Bayelsa and Delta State police commands before the judicial panel were families of two police personnel allegedly shot dead on June 14, 2020, in Ughelli, Delta State by men of the FSARS while on special duty alongside five other policemen. In their separate petitions, the families of Sergeants Ondogha Oyindineni and Philip Seikpo insisted that the mysterious killing of their children alongside five police officers in Ughelli was suspicious and without any justifiable reasons. The families of the deceased Sgt. Ondogha Oyindineni (F/N 47818) and Sgt. Philip Seikpo (F/N 477880) insisted that the policemen were on special duty before they were killed and without proper explanation to them. The panel’s Chairman, Justice Young Emmanuel Ogola, after preliminary hearing and appearances made on the 18 petitions received has adjourned until January 6 and 7, 2021 for further hearing and appearances of witnesses. The Nation No fewer than 12 persons were on Thursday burnt to death following a fatal road accident along Tombia-Amassoma road in Yenagoa local Government Council Area of Bayelsa State. While nine persons were reportedly burnt to ashes on the spot following an explosion that accompanied the accident, four others later died… July 9, 2020 In "News" By Igbaugba Ehigimetor   Benin   -     A 35-year old man suspect, identified as Uwaila, on Sunday shot dead his wife and two sons in Edo, accusing her of infidelity. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the incident happened at Ovbiogie village in Ovia North East Local Government Area… January 13, 2019 In "Metro" The attention of the Federal Road Safety Corps has been drawn to a trending video of an unfortunate road traffic crash that occurred in Ibadan recently which claimed the lives of a staff of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Oluyole Unit Command in Ibadan, Oyo state and one (1) other… November 24, 2019 In "News"