Nigerian singers, Omah Lay and Tems have returned back home to Nigeria.  The Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, took to her Twitter account to announce that Nigerian singers, Omah Lay and Tems, have indeed arrived in Nigeria. Both singers were arrested in Uganda for flouting COVID-19 rules. They were arrested after their performances at The Big Brunch, which held at Speke Resort, Wavamunno Rd, Kampala, Uganda. Abike Dabiri-Erewa tweeted, “Stanley Omah Didia (@Omah_Lay), Temilade Openiyi (@temsbaby), Muyiwa Ayoniyi and others just landed at the MMIA Lagos from Uganda via Ethiopia Airline at about 12:35 pm local time. We are glad they are finally home. All is well that ends well. Gratitude to Min@GeoffreyOnyeama, our mission in Uganda and the @GovUganda for a quick resolution.” Breaking:Stanley Omah Didia (@Omah_Lay), Temilade Openiyi (@temsbaby), Muyiwa Ayoniyi and others just landed at the MMIA Lagos from Uganda via Ethiopia Airline at about 12:35 pm local time.We are glad they are finally home  Omah Lay and Tems have been welcomed at the Nigeria High Comission in Uganda after they were released from police custody in the country. Recall that Tems and Omah Lay were arrested on Sunday, following a Saturday night performance at The Big Brunch, a concert, that held at Speke Resort,… December 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Singers, Omah Lay and Tems are currently trending on Nigeria social media platforms following the news that they have been remanded in prisons in Uganda. Both singers were arrested by the Uganda Police Force for flouting COVID-19 guidelines. They were arrested after their performances at The Big Brunch, which held… December 15, 2020 In "Entertainment" The federal government is working hard for the release of singers, Omah Lay and Tems arrested in Uganda for breaking COVID-19 regulations. The revelation was made today by Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chairman/CEO, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM) on Twitter. In a series of tweets, she wrote: "It has just been brought… December 14, 2020 In "News"