Sunday Asefon, the new President of the National Association of Nigerian Students, has vowed to shut down all private universities in the country.  He vowed to shut down the private universities should the nine-month strike embarked on by members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities continue. The NANS president said this while speaking on a PUNCH Online interview programme, The Roundtable. He lamented that the ongoing strike is the longest industrial action embarked on by the university lecturers. According to him, NANS would engage the Federal Government representatives and ASUU leaders to find a lasting solution to resolve the stalemate in negotiations between the two arms. The NANS president said after consultation with the two parties and should the strike not be called off as soon as possible, NANS would move in and shut down all tertiary institutions in the country. Details later…  Source Abuja(SundiataPost)- While ASUU asks the university undergraduates students to go home due to the strike, another group of lecturers from Obafemi Awolowo University have ask the students to stay on campus for receive lectures. The ASUU chairman, OAU chapter, Adeola Egbedokun while addressing journalists yesterday, November 6, 2018, maintained that… November 7, 2018 In "Education" Abuja(SundiataPost) -Some undergraduate students in Nsukka, on Thursday appealed to the Federal Government (FG) and the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to shift grounds in order to resolve their issues. The students told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in separate interviews that they were tired of staying at… January 3, 2019 In "Education" By Hilary Akalugwu Nsukka  - Some students of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka (UNN) have appealed to the Federal Government to urgently look into grievances of striking lecturers to forestall incessant strikes in universities. The students made the appeal in Nsukka on Tuesday while reacting to the ongoing warning strike… November 22, 2016 In "Education"