Ahead of 2023 presidency, former Vice president, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has inaugurated Atiku Support Groups across the 36 states of the Federation. The Atiku Support Group was launched in Abuja under the leadership of Alhaji Abubakar Kabir Babawo as Director General and Atiku Aminu Mohammed as Chairman of the organization.  The mission of the Organization is to project the former Vice-President’s visionary idea of sustainable national development as he prepares to formally declare his intention to contest the 2023 Presidential election. The North-Central coordinator, Hon Anngu Orngu said, he accepted the appointment whole heartedly to join the Atiku Support Organization (ASO) because of the Visionary mindset the former vice president has for the country and Nigerian Youths.  Orngu said: “Improving the livelihood of Nigerians is of utmost priority to Atiku Abubakar. He has demonstrated this in numerous capacities which is why we the Nigerian youth want him to be president come 2023. “We will not rest till he is elected the president of Nigeria. If he is elected as the president of Nigeria, he will be pro-active in addressing the insecurity challenges facing the country, attract foreign investments and give support to millions of small and medium scale enterprises in addition to 40% youth inclusiveness in government”. Orngu further lamented on the poor state of economy, insecurity and hardship witnessed by Nigerians under the Buhari government. Those who emerged as state Coordinators and Zonal Exco’s includes: North Central Zonal Coordinator, Hon.Comr. Orngu Anngu, Deputy Zonal Coordinator, Hon Isiaka Mogaji, Women Leader, Hon Mabe Ameh, Benue State Coordinator, Comr. George Odoo Ezekiel, Niger State Coordinator, Hon. Hassana Shuaibu Dada, Kwara State Coordinator, Hon Segun Olawoyin, Kogi State Coordinator, Hon Ocheni Titus Okayi, Nasarawa State Coordinator, Hon. Abubakar Agwai, FCT Coordinator, Hon. Agajo Daniel, Plateau State Coordinator, Hon. Solomon Ballason Shitnan. The Nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group under the auspices of Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, (CAGG) has called on former Vice President and business mogul, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar to shelve any ambition he might be nursing for the presidency in 2023. Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, pointed out… August 23, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Atiku Abubakar ABUJA - A broad-based political alliance involving eminent leaders and chieftains of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) across the six geopolitical zones is being put together with a two-pronged agenda, one of which is to neutralise the hold of former Vice President and presidential candidate of the… December 1, 2019 In "Politics" Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar has broken his silence over reports that he's considering contesting for the 2023 presidential election. He enjoined the leadership of All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Presidency to seek ways of solving the problems they created for Nigerians instead of focusing on him. The former… November 27, 2020 In "Politics"