Health Minister of the northern Indian state of Haryana Anil Vij, who was given a trial dose of a Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine in November, tested positive for the virus on Saturday. Vij, who is the holding charge of several ministries including health, said on Twitter that he had contracted the virus. He urged people, who came in contact with him in recent days to undergo a test. “I have been tested COVID-19 positive. “I am admitted in civil hospital Ambala cantonment. “All those who have come in close contact to me are advised to get themselves tested for COVID-19,” Vij wrote. In November, 67-year-old Vij was administered a trial dose of a COVID-19 vaccine as part of the third phase trial of Bharat Biotech’s Covaxin.  He had earlier announced that he would be the first volunteer in his state for the vaccine. Haryana state has so far reported 240,841 cases of COVID-19 and 2,539 related deaths. On Saturday morning, the federal health ministry said the number of COVID-19 cases in the country has reached 9,608,211 and the death toll has risen to 139,700. India is in the grip of the ongoing COVID-19 and globally it is the second worst-hit country by the pandemic. Xinhua Doubts have been raised about the coronavirus vaccine tipped to be the ‘front runner’ in the fight against COVID-19, after a trial in monkeys found the jab is ‘only partially effective.’ The vaccine, developed by Oxford University, is currently being tested in humans, with the promise of 30 million doses… May 19, 2020 In "Foreign" Moscow - President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that Russia had become the first country in the world to grant regulatory approval to a COVID-19 vaccine after less than two months of human testing, a move hailed by Moscow as evidence of its scientific prowess. The development paves the way… August 11, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 on Monday revealed that coronavirus patients will be used as part of the global trial test of the vaccines developed for the treatment of coronavirus disclosed on Monday. Already, Nigeria has informed the World Health Organisation (WHO) that it wants to be part… May 5, 2020 In "Health"