Nigerian actress, Eniola Badmus has cried out begging trolls to stop bullying her.  The Nollywood star who is seriously exercising to lose weight has become constant pick for online bullies who are always bodyshaming her. Having had enough, the actress in a series of post shared on her Instagram page this afternoon, asked the bullies to stop already. “Na chubby I Chubby, I no steal your meat…..The bully about being plus size is huge…y’all are the reason why a lot of people go into depression and so quick to put up RIP on their pictures…laughing at me becaue I be Coconut head, I do my things my own way…y’all need to see the amount of body shaming I receive everyday of my life… The pressure is unbearable, friends, family, society as whole, you all need to chill….allow me to live and let me run my race….The same body you hate is the same body that puts food on my table and brings joy and laughter to you when watching it on TV…Members of the public, do not send me to my early grave” she concluded.  Source Popular Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus has assured all that she's alive, hale and hearty. She took to her Instagram page to reveal this following fears that she might have fallen victim to the shooting at Lekki toll gate yesterday night. In a three-minute video, the actress urged her friends, family… October 21, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Ibukun Ogunbamerun Abuja - Getfitng Technologies, a weight loss company, on Tuesday accepted the challenge by Eniola Badmus, popular Nigerian actress, to use her to prove its claim on weight loss pills. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Badmus on Monday threw the challenge to the company.… February 25, 2020 In "Entertainment" Eniola Badmus has shared an Instagram post addressed to weight loss pill vendors over their adverts on different platforms. The Nollywood actress told weight loss pill vendors to use her as a project if the products they advertise really works. Eniola Badmus also urged them to stop using people already… February 25, 2020 In "Metro"