Edo State Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu, has urged a former Governor of the state, Adams Oshiomhole, not to subvert the will of the people and jettison the plan to overturn the victory of Governor Godwin Obaseki at the September 2020 governorship election through the judiciary.  Shaibu, during an empowerment programme for Afemai Youths in Ogbona and Jattu respectively at the weekend, reaffirmed confidence in the judiciary and the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to protect the nation’s democracy and the collective will of Edo people. The deputy governor said Oshiomhole was instrumental to the Supreme Court victory of Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State and alleged he was ready to do the same to upturn the popular victory of Obaseki in Edo State. He said, “The Nigeria Judiciary is known to be among the best in the world, therefore, Oshiomhole’s utterance is a mere crying of a beaten baby and he must be made aware that Edo is not Imo State. “Now that he has vowed to test the collective will of the good people of Edo State by attempting to subvert their will through a questionable judicial arrangement, he will obviously not to be tolerated by the managers of our judiciary. “The victory of Governor Godwin Obaseki is a victory for Nigeria’s democracy and it was the first election in Nigeria where all political parties came together to vote for one candidate for the overall development of the state.” Source Philip Shaibu, the running mate to Governor Godwin Obaseki in Edo state and incumbent Deputy Governor, has mocked the former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, after he knelt to beg some traditional rulers for forgiveness. Oshiomhole on Sunday night in Benin City, begged for forgiveness… July 30, 2020 In "Politics" Comrade Philip Shaibu, the Deputy Governor of Edo State, Comrade Philip has indicted the former Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Adams Oshiomhole of convincing him to join in the move to impeach the present governor, Obaseki. Speaking to newsmen on Thursday August 6, Shaibu said he begged Oshiomhole… August 7, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No fewer than 11 governors under the platform of the All Progressives Congress stormed Benin, the Edo State capital, on Saturday for the flag-off of the party’s campaign ahead of the September 19 governorship election in the state. This was as the Peoples Democratic Party has… August 9, 2020 In "Politics"