•Eastern Security Network operatives The leadership of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has faulted the position of South-East governors and other stakeholders who described the recently launched Eastern Security Network (ESN) by the leader of the group, Nnamdi Kanu, as illegal. IPOB in a statement issued on Saturday by its leader (Kanu) through the Publicity Secretary, Comrade Emma Powerful, said contrary to the positions of the southeast governors, that the security network is legal. IPOB had last week announced the inauguration of a security outfit; “Eastern Security Network” which it said was primarily targeted at checkmating the activities of criminal herdsmen in “Biafraland”. But the southeast governors led by Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi had reportedly distanced the governments and people of the area from the IPOB security arrangement, an action that IPOB lambasted them for taking such decision. IPOB in the statement titled “In Nigeria, SELF DEFENCE is LEGAL” quoting Sec. 59, Penal Code to justify their action states “Nothing is an offence of which is done in the lawful exercise of the right of private defence. “Sec 32, Criminal Code states ‘It is not a crime to RESIST actual & unlawful violence’. #EasternSecurityNetwork is LEGAL! “Any move we make is backed by the LAW. Take a look at some of these headlines emanating from Ebonyi State over the years, is it not justification and validation enough for the existence of #ESN? “Anybody from Ebonyi State foolish enough, like Dave Umahi, to inform against #ESN will pay a heavy price for it. There will be no mercy,” warned IPOB. (The Nation) A security outfit to protect the Southern region has been launched by the Indigenous People of Biafra. The leader of IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu made the announcement via his Facebook page and called the group, the Eastern Security Network (ESN). According to Kanu, during a live Facebook post, ESN was… December 15, 2020 In "News" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu has come under intense attack from the Governor of Ebonyi state, David Umahi. Umahi attacked Kanu for creating a new security outfit. Umahi is also the Chairman of Southeast Governors Forum. Nnamdi Kanu had in a statement released a few… December 21, 2020 In "News" The newly launched security outfit by Indigenous People of Biafra leader, Nnamdi Kanu to protect the south has caused ruckus in the region. The Youth wing of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo yesterday while distancing itself from the group, said they were not consulted before the forming of the security outfit named… December 17, 2020 In "News"