President Muhammadu Buhari has spoken on the successful rescue of the abducted Kankara students by the Nigerian Army.  The president, in a video released on Twitter, said he has called the Katsina State Governor to congratulate him on the release of the boys. He said: “I spoke with the governor, I congratulated him and I congratulated the army that organized the operation and settlement of the abductors and getting the children. “The military is well trained. I think they are sufficiently motivated. The governor, he has been up and doing since it happened and I congratulated him that the children have been successfully recovered.” He continued: “We have a lot of work ahead of us and some of the things we may not say. I don’t want to compromise the security and the efforts being put by the law enforcement agencies. “But, really, we are acutely aware of our responsibilities. Our responsibility is to secure the country, so we have a lot of work to do.” Watch him speak in the video below; President Muhammadu Buhari has spoken on the successful rescue of the abducted Kankara students by the Nigerian Army. The president, in a video released on Twitter, said he has called the Katsina State Governor to congratulate him on the release of the boys. He said: “I spoke with the governor, I congratulated him and I congratulated the army that organized the operation and settlement of the abductors and getting the children. “The military is well trained. I think they are sufficiently motivated. The governor, he has been up and doing since it happened and I congratulated him that the children have been successfully recovered.” He continued: “We have a lot of work ahead of us and some of the things we may not say. I don’t want to compromise the security and the efforts being put by the law enforcement agencies. “But, really, we are acutely aware of our responsibilities. Our responsibility is to secure the country, so we have a lot of work to do.” Watch him speak in the video below; By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has commended the nation’s intelligence agencies, the military and Police Force over the release of the kidnapped students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Buhari who gave the commendation in a statement released by his Senior Special Adviser… December 18, 2020 In "Top Stories" A former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr. Obadiah Mailafia, has urged the Nigerian Army to stop making ‘reassuring noises’ and do everything possible to secure the release of the schoolboys abducted last Friday from the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Bandits had stormed the… December 14, 2020 In "News" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News"