ABEOKUTA – Four policemen were on Saturday kidnapped by hoodlums in Ogun State and a Divisional Police Officer (DPO) was also shot. However, the State Police Command later rescued three out of four abducted by hoodlums at Aba Tuntun community in Ijebu Igbo, Ijebu North Local Government Area of Ogun. The Public Relations Officer of the command, Mr Abimbola Oyeyemi, made the disclosure while speaking with newsmen in Abeokuta on Saturday. Oyeyemi said that a Constable, Mr Emmanuel Gene, was still being held captive by the hoodlums. The spokesman said that the police had deployed operatives to the area to rescue the missing policeman. He said that three suspects had been arrested in connection with the abduction and that they were helping the police in investigations. According to Oyeyemi, the village head has sent a petition to the police that some hoodlums were in possession of dangerous weapons in the village. “The Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in Ijebu Igbo, led his team to the place on Thursday with vigilantes and recovered six single barrel guns, 16 Dane guns, 16 cartridges and arrested the suspects. “While taking the suspects and the weapons to the station, some hoodlums ambushed them and abducted four of the policemen. “They shot the DPO in the arm and freed the suspects. “We have rescued three of the policemen abducted. We don’t know the whereabouts of the constable among them. “We have arrested three suspects and they are helping us in the investigation,” Oyeyemi stated. (NAN) It was serious pandemonium that broke out recently at the Aba Tuntun village, Ijebu-Igbo in the Ijebu -North Local Government Area of Ogun State. Pandemonium broke out when some villagers waylaid some police officers, abducted four of them and then shot the Divisional Police Officer. Our correspondent gathered that the… December 5, 2020 In "Metro" Two suspected cultists have allegedly shot dead a member of the Oodua People’s Congress in Ogun State, Kolawole Ajomale, in the presence of his pregnant wife. The suspects, identified as Korede Pariosho and Jide Afolabi, allegedly shot Ajomale in the head and stomach, and he died on the spot. The… April 9, 2020 In "News" By Abiodun Lawal   Abeokuta -   The Ogun Police Command on Wednesday arrested one Adegbite Taoreed for allegedly robbing one Mr Wale Okeyingbo of his car. Taoreed was arrested with one other accomplice, Taiwo Raheem, in Soyoye, a suburb of Abeokuta. Mr Abimbola Oyeyemi, the Ogun Police Public Relations… August 15, 2018 In "Metro"