By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC on Saturday, December 19, 2020 received an award from Interpol’s National Central Bureau, NCB, for her contributions in combating crime and criminality in Nigeria. The Commissioner of Police in charge of NCB, Garba Baba Umar, in his speech commended the EFCC for being a strong partner in tackling transnational organized crime, adding that the EFCC has made the job of Interpol easy though exchange of intelligence and joint operations. This was contained in a statement released via twitter handle of the anti-crime agency. He said the partnership has helped in protecting the interest of the country against criminals and fugitives. Receiving the award on behalf of the Acting Chairman of the Commission, Mohammed Umar Abba, the Director of Operations, Umar Mohammed Hadejia, thanked Interpol for recognizing the efforts of the Commission and assured of closer collaboration in achieving set set objectives of fighting corruption and securing the country against the threats of illicit financial flows, violent extremism and other acts of criminality. The event which took place at the Transcorp Hilton Hotel, Abuja had in attendance stakeholders from paramilitary establishments, the military, international organizations, and the diplomatic corps. Mr Mohammed Umar, the Director of Operations, Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has been picked to oversee the affairs of the agency in the absence of Magu. A top official of the commission disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja on Tuesday. The source, who… July 8, 2020 In "News" Port Harcourt - A 40-year-old Nigerian man identified only as Mike has been nabbed in Port Harcourt, Rivers State for his alleged connection in a network of internet scammers, popularly known as ‘yahoo yahoo’, stealing around £45m (USD 15.4 million). Mike, believed to be the head of an international criminal… August 1, 2016 In "Metro" By Mustapha Sumaila   Abuja   -      The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) has commended the International Criminal Police Organisation (INTERPOL) for it contributions toward combating human trafficking in the country. Ms Julie Okah-Donli, the NAPTIP’s Director-General made the commendation when the agency hosted participants of… September 25, 2018 In "News"