Boko Haram terrorists suspected to be responsible for recent attacks in parts of Borno and Adamawa States have been killed at the ‘S’ Region in the heart of the Sambisa forest. The air interdiction conducted by the Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole, was carried out after series of Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) missions, revealed that the terrorists responsible for recent attacks in Borno and Adamawa States had originated from the location. According to a statement by the Coordinator Defence Media Operations Major General John Enenche, “Air interdiction missions being conducted by the Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE have continued to deal decisive blows on terrorist elements in the North East of the Country. “The latest of these was achieved yesterday, 28 December 2020, at the ‘S’ Region in the heart of the Sambisa Forest in Borno State. “The air strike, which was executed employing a force package of Nigerian Air Force (NAF) fighter jets, was carried out after series of Intelligence; Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) missions revealed that the terrorists responsible for recent attacks in the Southern part of Borno and Northern part of Adamawa State had originated from the location. “Accordingly, the NAF attack aircraft engaged the target area in successive passes, leading to the destruction of some of their structures and logistics stores, including a suspected anti-aircraft gun station as the terrorists fired at the NAF aircraft. Several insurgents were also neutralized in the process.” The Nation By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has obliterated a terrorists’ camp at Alafa ‘C’ in the heart of Sambisa forest in Borno. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, who made this known in a statement on Friday in Abuja, said the… March 6, 2020 In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has dislodged some Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) and destroyed some of their facilities at a location referred to as the “S” Region in the heart of the Sambisa forest, Borno. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of Public Relations and… February 29, 2020 In "News" By SUMAILA OGBAJE The Nigerian military has destroyed Boko Haram terrorists leaders’ locations in separate air strikes at Parisu and Bula Bello in Sambisa forest area of Borno. Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, said in a statement on Monday that the locations were destroyed in air interdictions… July 6, 2020 In "News"