Ondo State Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has said the state will employ more persons into the Amotekun Corps and give them equipment needed for successful operations in the fight against crimes. He spoke while receiving members of the Ifon Progressive Union led by its President, Chief Femi Awani. The governor said the worsening insecurity across the country was worrisome. He said arms and ammunition got into the wrong hands in the aftermath of the #ENDSARS protest. Akeredolu said the good virtues of Oba Israel Adeusi, the Olufon of Ifon, who was killed by suspected kidnappers, would not be forgotten. He described the deceased as one of his strongest supporters, calling for more collaborative efforts between the government and the people in providing security in rural areas. The governor said the Amotekun Corps would comb the forest at Ifon, but urged the people to support the security agency. Awani said the governor’s visit helped to douse tension that gripped the town after the killing of Oba Adeusi. He said the late monarch had been at the forefront of the campaign to combat crimes. A group in Ondo State that supported the re-election of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, the Soji Ehinlanwo Group for Akeredolu Second Term (SEGFAST), has hailed the judiciary for its testimony to the candidature of the governor on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). It said Akeredolu was destined to turn the state around. The group, under the leadership of the United Kingdom (UK)-based ICT consultant, Prince Soji Ehinlanwo, said God has always been supporting the moves by Akeredolu to govern Ondo State despite some minor distractions. SEGFAST said the APC structure at the national level followed necessary guidelines and provisions to pick Akeredolu as the candidate for the August primary election. The Nation By Ayodeji Alabi Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Wednesday signed the Ondo State Security Network Agency, otherwise known as Amotekun Corp, Bill 2020 into law. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the corp, which was coordinated by Development Agenda for Western Nigeria (DAWN), was… March 4, 2020 In "Politics" Akure - A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, Mr Nuel Elehinle has lauded the state Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu for his initiative at setting up the Western Nigeria Security Outfit codenamed “Operation Amotekun”. He said the new security outfit has helped in preventing crime in… August 17, 2020 In "News" Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has kicked against the idea of states funding community policing in the country. Speaking during an interview on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily on Wednesday, Akeredolu said the idea would not work. He disclosed that his colleagues under the aegis of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum will… August 26, 2020 In "News"