Mr Sabo Nanono, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, says there is the need for Nigerians to accord agriculture its prime position a good replacement for the dwindling crude oil.  Nanono gave the advice on Owerri at a one-day workshop organised for maize growers and processors by the Maize Growers, Processors and Marketers Association of Nigeria. The minister, who was represented by Mr Chris Iwuchukwu, the State Director in the ministry, said that crude oil was failing the country and a reason why agriculture should be given more priority in the nation’s affairs. He said the ministry was making efforts to see that farmers were encouraged and that maize would become “self-sustaining and available for export”. “Crude oil is failing the country, so we need to give agriculture its prime place in the country. Since 2011 till date the Federal Government has been doing its necessary best to boost agriculture. “There is a need to make agriculture have a face by making the rural community comfortable for the youth to farm. “There is need for the South-East and South-South to begin to export maize. There is a need for the farmers to manage the crop well in order not to suffer losses,” he said. Dr Edwin Uche, the National President of the association, urged the people to embrace agriculture, especially the cultivation of maize to ensure food security. “We need to embrace agriculture as a people. We need to strengthen its value chain in our communities, environment and society. “We need to accept the fact that technology in agriculture has come to stay and that agriculture is the sector that can boost our economy and make life more meaningful to the people,” he said.  NAN By Chidinma Ewunonu-Aluko Ibadan - Harvestplus, an international agricultural organisation, says the upcoming the 2019 Nutritious Food Fair (NFF) is aimed at tackling the malnutrition in the country. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the 2019 NFF with the theme: Nutrition is Everyone’s Business will hold from Nov.… October 18, 2019 In "News" By Naomi Sharang, It is an incontrovertible fact that petroleum (crude oil) has contributed substantially to Nigeria’s revenue, ever since its discovery in 1956 and the country’s oil revenues reached its peak during the oil boom era of the 1970s. Petroleum has since been the mainstay of Nigeria’s economy, as… March 18, 2016 In "News" By Itohan Abara-Laserian, When President Muhammadu Buhari-led government came into power in 2015, its desire is to revive the economy through diversification from dependence on crude oil into the non-oil sectors. With this drive, the government focuses on agriculture among others, apparently because the sector inherent many potential, including foreign… April 14, 2016 In "News"