Minister of Youth and Sports Development in Nigeria, Sunday Dare, has said that his ministry would work with the Nigeria Football Federation to review remunerations for the national youth football teams. Dare was miffed about the free-fall of age-grade teams under the current dispensation even more so after the Ladan Bosso-led Flying Eagles crashed out of the U-20 AFCON qualifiers WAFU B in Benin Republic last week. The Flying Eagles will miss out on next year’s U-20 African Cup of Nations in Mauritania and the 2021 U-20 World Cup in Indonesia. Speaking in Lagos on the margins of his inspection visit at the National Stadium in Surulere on the on-going renovation of the main bowl, Dare noted with emphasis that the ministry would review remunerations for the junior teams. “We are going to work with the NFF to do a review of the age grade competitions,” declared Dare, `”We would also work with them to review the lack of remunerations as it is because I think it is important; we have seen what has happened to the U-20 side (Flying Eagles), the U17 (Golden Eaglets) starts in January. “We are going to do a total review and we hope we can return to the regime where we pay good attention to their welfare. “We need to fix a few things and we are going to have that crucial conversation.” Dare said that the ministry would also tackle age cheating in the junior teams, adding that age fraud is as bad as doping and the ministry would not tolerate it anymore. He said: “Beyond that we are going to look at the question of age cheating which is a problem; some information has come to me from the media about the MRI which is coming back. “Age cheating is as bad as doping. Both ruin any sport and we are going to pay very close attention to these vices,” he noted. The Nation Abuja   -       The Executive Committee of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) led by Chris Giwa, has appointed Dr Emmanuel Ikpeme Acting General Secretary of the football house following corruption allegation levelled against former General Secretary, Dr Mohammed Sanusi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that… July 18, 2018 In "Sports" By Georgina Adegbie Abuja - Biyi Odunlade, former Commissioner for Sports in Osun, has urged the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) to set up academies for all national teams to enable them to excel in future competitions. Odunlade gave the advice on Friday in Abuja while reacting to the early exit… June 7, 2019 In "Sports" Lagos, The newly appointed Assistant Coach to Manu Garba in the U-17 Golden Eaglets of Nigeria, Nduka Ugbade, has called for more programmes for the development of age grade teams. Ugbade made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Lagos. He spoke… July 21, 2016 In "Sports"