An operative of the Nigeria Civil Defense and Security Corps (NSCDC) has confessed after killing two youths on Christmas day in Benue state.  According to him, he said he was only warming the air and didn’t intend to kill the youths. A certain Jennifer Robert and another young man were killed while seeking fun in Otukpo on Christmas Day. While many had claimed they were killed while trying to touch one of the invited artistes, other version of the report claimed they were shot by fellow cult members on Ochacho Avenue, venue of the star-studded carnival ground. There were reports that the security personnel, who was not part of the show, had killed one Jennifer Robert and a young man whose identity could not be ascertained at the moment. Speaking after his arrest in a video published by IDOMA VOICE, the suspect who is currently in custody, said he was only trying to warm the air. He said, “I was only on patrol with my team when I decided to warm the air. “After that, I was told one person died and one other injured. It was not intentional” Source The Nigerian cattle breeding communities of Fulani ethnicity that are mostly indigenous to the semi-arid Sahel states of North-West Nigeria often move their herds to the lush green vegetative belt of the Benue valley and highlands of the Plateau in search of greener pasture. The Benue-Plateau axis of central Nigeria… June 28, 2018 In "Opinion" This is the same Bo­ko Haram that they told us had been "tec­hnically defeated" two years ago and who­se leader, Abubakar Shekau, they claimed to have killed a nu­mber of times over the last three years but who keeps popping up all over the pl­ace like a bad coin. This… March 6, 2018 In "Opinion" Lagos- The Lagos State Police Command says it has yet to arrest any management staff of Paulson Hotel, Ketu, where twin brothers and their friend were murdered by a drunk policeman. The Deputy Commissioner of Police, State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) Panti, Yaba, Mr Abiodun Odude, made the disclosure in… December 30, 2015 In "News"