…..At least another 100 all-electric charging stations to open in next 5 years Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The UK’s first station solely for electric cars has opened, ahead of a larger rollout of green energy infrastructure over the next five years. The site, which has 36 charging points, opened in Braintree, Essex, on Monday. Gridserve, the company which built the forecourt, intends to open at least another 100 all-electric stations in the next five years as part of a £1 billion project. The chargers are carbon neutral as all the energy comes from solar power, according to the start-up. The forecourt in Braintree also has shops and facilities including meeting pods and electricity-generating exercise bikes for those waiting for their vehicles to charge. Toddington Harper, the founder and CEO of Gridserve, suggested the initiative will help “move the needle on climate change” by “updating the traditional petrol station model for a net-zero carbon world”. James Cleverly, the cabinet minister who is MP for Braintree, praised the opening of the all-electric forecourt, claiming it is “the most advanced charging facility in the world”. The launch of the site comes a month after the prime minister pledged to ban sales of new diesel and petrol vehicles by 2030, a decade earlier than initially planned. The government also plans to reduce carbon emissions by 68 per cent by 2030 with the aim of reaching net zero by 2050. Although this move has been welcomed by campaigners, some have called on the government to be more ambitious. Last week, John Sauven, executive director of Greenpeace UK, said Boris Johnson was doing the right thing by setting out “one of the most ambitious climate targets in the world”. “But given the urgency of the climate crisis and the rapid advances in zero carbon solutions, ambition can be pushed even higher over the next decade,” he added. Mr Sauven also said action was now needed on “homes, roads, farms and power sources” to help the UK reach its environmental target. (Channels TV). By Andreas Cremer BERLIN - Audi has drawn up blueprints for a wider range of high-performance electric cars to help it take on German rivals and U.S. firm Tesla Motors if the market picks up, according to sources at the carmaker. Consumers have largely shunned battery-powered vehicles because of their… June 19, 2014 In "Business" Global sales of electric cars are more than four years behind expectations,  Carlos Ghosn  of Renault-Nissan said, as he admitted that the industry leader would miss its targets for the new generation of vehicle. Mr Ghosn , speaking to the Financial Times, conceded that the market was failing to live… November 10, 2013 In "Business" (Reuters) - German carmakers are shifting their focus toward high-end electric vehicles such as the Audi R8 e-tron and away from cheap city cars, in the latest effort to revive environmentally-friendly but unpopular zero-emission vehicles. At the Geneva auto show, Audi unveiled an emission-free version of its 165,000-euro ($184,619) R8… March 5, 2015 In "News"