Not less than nine armed bandits were on Monday killed by security operatives along the Kaduna-Abuja highway on Monday night. Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal security, Samuel Aruwan, who confirmed the development in a statement on Tuesday, said the incident was made possible as troops acted on intelligence that the bandits were attempting to cross over from the eastern part of the Kaduna-Abuja road to the western part, with a large herd of rustled cattle. According to the Commissioner, “the Kaduna State Government has been informed by the military securing the Kaduna-Abuja Road general area that troops neutralized nine armed bandits following a firefight late on Monday night into the early hours of Tuesday. “According to the operational feedback, troops acted on intelligence that the bandits were attempting to cross over from the eastern part of the Kaduna-Abuja road to the western part, with a large herd of rustled cattle. “The herders whose cattle had been rustled from the eastern part of the route alerted the military for immediate action. “An ambush was successfully laid by the troops, as the bandits walked into the killing zone and were welcomed with a hail of bullets. “After the firefight, a search of the area yielded the following: One empty magazine, one set of complete army camouflage, one set of desert boots, seven blankets, two Tecno Mobile phones, one caftan outfit and ropes for tying cattle. “At first light this morning, a further search revealed the corpse of one bandit, 16 dead cows and three wounded cows. “Furthermore, seven more bandits died from ferocious gunshot wounds sustained in the ambush, as their bodies were mutilated. “Troops, as of the time of this update, are still conducting vigorous search patrols in the general area. “In a separate feedback, troops and police this morning foiled another attempt by bandits to cross the Kaduna-Abuja highway with rustled cattle, this time around the Greenfield University. “The troops, guided by some local volunteers who pointed them in the direction of the bandits’ movement, engaged the criminals in a firefight. Sadly one of the local volunteers lost his life. “One bandit’s corpse was found, along with several rounds of 7.62mm special ammunition. “Governor Nasir El-Rufai on receiving the feedback congratulated the security agencies on the successful operations, and urged them to sustain the tempo in the ongoing offensives against bandits. He sent his condolences to the family of the volunteer who lost his life, and prayed for the repose of his soul. “The Governor also appealed to locals to always raise alarm in all cases and not only when they are directly affected, as banditry ultimately affects everyone. “Furthermore, locals in villages around Jakada-darabi, Gwanto, Kasarami, Kankomi, Chikwari and neighbouring locations in Chikun and Kajuru local government areas are enjoined to report any person found seeking medical attention for suspicious wounds,” he said. The Nation Some notorious kidnappers have been given a tough time by men of the Nigerian army during a recent encounter. According to the Kaduna State Commissioner for Internal Security and Homeland Affairs, Samuel Aruwan in a statement on Monday, soldiers successfully rescued 39 persons kidnapped on the Kaduna-Zaria highway after engaging… December 1, 2020 In "News" Gunmen have killed three persons in separate attacks in Kaduna. They killed a driver and caused accidents, which left many injured on Monday night. The bandits were however repelled by security operatives from kidnapping any of the travellers. But they regrouped around 2:00am on Tuesday and descended on Maigiginya community… November 24, 2020 In "News" GENERAL UPDATE ON ARMED FORCES OF NIGERIA OPERATIONS FROM 22 TO 29 OCTOBER 2020 1.   In line with our weekly schedule, this morning I will be briefing you on operations of the Armed Forces of Nigeria in conjunction other security agencies across the Country from 22 to 29 October… October 30, 2020 In "News"