A former Director-General of the Department of State Security, Mike Ejiofor, has advised the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to change the service chiefs. Ejiofor said this while speaking on Channels Television on Monday. The former DSS DG expressed the belief that changing the service chiefs, tactics, equipment and approaches would lead to progress in the fight against insecurity. He said, “I expect that Mr President should take Nigerians by surprise, change the service chiefs; and Nigerians, their attitude to security agencies, should change too. “I think by the change of tactics, equipment, attitude, service chiefs, and approaches, we’d make some progress, I believe very strongly.” READ ALSO: Oshiomhole can’t subvert people’s will through judiciary –Shaibu It had earlier been reported that the Senior Special Adviser to the President, Garba Shehu, described the clamour for the sacking of the service chiefs as “out of place.” ‌Shehu who spoke on Arise TV said the decision to sacking the service chiefs solely lied with the President. He had said, “I am not aware that the tenure of service chiefs is subjected to any law or regulation that is clearly stated. They serve at the pleasure of the president and (if) the president is satisfied with their performance, he keeps them. The buck stops on his table —with due respect to the feelings of Nigerians. “The clamour for the sack is out of place considering that the president is not subject to the opinion of opposition political party which has clamoured for this all the time. It is entirely his own determination; he decides who he keeps as his service chiefs and for how long.” Punch By Ismaila Chafe Abuja-  President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Yusuf Magaji Bichi, as new Director-General of the Department of State Service (DSS). The new Director-General replaces Mr. Matthew Seiyefa, who has been acting Director-General since the sack of Lawal Daura, the former boss of the secret service… September 13, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja,  -    The Presidency has described the reported resignation of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari and the Director-General of the Department of State Services, Lawal Daura, as “mere distraction and pure mischief’’. Malam Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President… April 23, 2017 In "News" The Senate on Tuesday again asked the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to sack the service chiefs over their failure to secure Nigerians. The upper chamber of the National Assembly, which said security situation had deteriorated to a level, where Boko Haram mounted roadblocks in some parts of Borno… December 2, 2020 In "Politics"