The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), on Wednesday, ordered the immediate reopening of four land borders.  The Presidency made this known in a tweet today. “President Buhari has directed the immediate opening of four land borders: Seme, Illela, Maigatari, and Mfun,” @NGRPresident tweeted. Nigeria had in August 2019 closed its land borders to curtail illegal importation of drugs, small arms and agricultural products into country from neighbouring West African nations. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, had last month hinted on the reopening of the nation’s borders. Ahmed had said the presidential committee set up on the matter had completed its job and had recommended the reopening of the borders. The minister, on Wednesday, after a Federal Executive Council meeting, disclosed the reopening of Seme Border in Lagos State, Illela Border in Sokoto State, Maigatari Border in Jigawa State, and Mfun Border in Cross River State. ‌ According to her, other borders would be reopened before December 31, 2020. Details later…  Source The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved the reopening of four land borders with immediate effect, while others will be reopened subsequently. The Minister of Finance Budget and National Planning Mrs Zainab Ahmed, who disclosed it after the week’s virtual FEC meeting, also said restriction on the importation of some… December 16, 2020 In "News" The nation’s land borders that have been closed since August 2019 may be reopened soon. The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, gave this indication during an interview with State House correspondents on Wednesday. Ahmed said the presidential committee set up on the matter has completed its… November 25, 2020 In "News" By Cecilia Ijuo Abuja - Sen. Hope Uzodinma, has commended President Muhammadu Buhari over the closure of Nigeria’s border with Benin Republic and other neighbouring countries to check rice smuggling. Uzodinma, who spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja, said it was evident of… August 31, 2019 In "News"