By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, has charged APM Terminals to allow China Civil Engineering Construction Company (CCECC) the Contractor handling the Ebuta Meta – Apapa seaports railway extension access to ensure its completion by January, 2021. Amaechi who was speaking during an inspection of the terminal, said the January date for the commissioning of Apapa Extention 2 railway alongside that of Lagos-Ibadan remains sacrosanct, hence the appeal for cooperation from all stakeholders. This was contained in a statement signed by the D (PPR), Eric Ojiekwe made available to Sundiata Post. “We have already told the President, that we are commissioning in January. Now, I am working towards that time. We must achieve that time”, Amaechi said. The Minister further said, “the moment we begin movement of cargo from Lagos to Ibadan, then the Lagos gridlock will reduce drastically and that’s my objective in January”. Earlier, the Country Manager of APM Terminal, Klaus Laursen, showed the Minister the monitoring station which gives real time information on what is happening in all sections of the terminal, saying ” the essence is to have it here to control and monitor cargoes coming in and going out of the terminal.” According to him, they decided to introduce one in Nigeria as it is the trend in Shanghai and other global towns where similar operations take place. While acknowledging the fact that the terminal is not where it is supposed to be, Laursen, said they were putting the right facilities in place to encourage productivity.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Transportation, Rt Hon. Chibuike Amaechi has disclosed that the Eastern rail line which connects Port Harcourt – Bonny to Maiduguri will commence soon subject to approval by the Federal Executive Council. This, the Minister said will commence upon completion of the… September 17, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government has approved passengers' charges on the new Lagos Ibadan rail standard guage which would begins operations by January. The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, made the disclosure during the inauguration of the Governing Council of the Chartered Institute of Transport… December 4, 2020 In "News" By Kazeem Akande   Lagos - The Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi, says the ongoing construction of Lagos-Ibadan Standard Gauge rail lines will end the lingering chaotic Apapa gridlocks, when completed. Amaechi made the disclosure on Thursday while inspecting construction works at the various sections of the projects at… January 3, 2019 In "News"