Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Former Lagos State Governor and Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu has commierated with former Kano State Governor, Rabiu Kwankwaso, over the death of his father, Alhaji Musa Saleh. Saleh, who was the District Head of Madobi, died in the early hours of Friday. Tinubu in a statement titled, ‘Commiserating with Kwankwaso over Father’s Passing’, described the late Saleh as “an excellent human being, a deeply religious man and the district head of his people in Madobi who provided them exemplary leadership”. He further said, “The passing of our parents can be painful indeed. No matter how old they may be, we never wanted them to leave. I have been through this and so I know how hurtful it is. “I also know how close you were to Baba and the remarkable influence he had on you. “We must, however, thank Almighty Allah that Baba lived to an advanced age, served his people, Nigeria and humanity meritoriously.” “We are glad Baba left behind wonderful children including you who have also gone on to serve the state and the country well in various capacities. “May Almighty Allah also reward the elder Kwankwaso of his good deeds, forgive his shortcomings, and grant him Aljanna Fridaus,” the former Lagos State governor added. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Musa Kwankwaso, the father of former governor of Kano State, Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, has died at the age of 93 years. Elder Kwankwaso died in the early hours of Friday, December 25, 2020. His death was made known in a statement to newsmen… December 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Kano State Governor, Rabiu Kwankwaso, on Sunday, led the Hausa community in Lagos, in a visit to the National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu. Although the visit was for the group to plan for the forthcoming election, the Kano State Governor used the occasion to… March 16, 2015 In "News" By Louis Odion‎ For a myth that took so long to construct, how sad that it took just a fleeting moment Monday for Kwankwasiya to be finally dismantled. Sadder still, unlike the loud song and wild dance witnessed at its christening years ago, there was no ceremony - much less the customary… March 17, 2016 In "Opinion"