Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President Muhammadu Buhari has demanded justice for a Nigerian who was killed in Ireland. Buhari, through the Chairman and CEO of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Mrs. Abike Dabiri-Erewa also condemned the killing of Mr George Nkencho. It was gathered that Nkencho, a 27- year old Nigerian resident in Ireland, was killed on Wednesday, 30th December. Dabiri-Erewa in a statement issued on her behalf by Abdur-Rahman Balogun, NIDCOM Head of Media and Public Relations, described the death of the young Nigerian by a Police officer as callous and wicked. Dabiri-Erewa who said she was disturbed by the killing of the young Nigerian, called for a full, thorough and fair investigation into the matter. She appealed to the Nigerian community in Ireland to exercise patience and await the outcome of investigations into the unfortunate incident. Dabiri-Erewa condoled with the family of Nkencho and the Nigerian community in Ireland over the killing of the deceased. By Maureen Okon Abuja - Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chairman/CEO Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM) on Saturday expressed satisfaction over the justice meted out to the police officer that killed a Nigerian in South Africa. In a statement by the Head of Media and Public Relations Unit of the Commission, Abdur-Rahman… November 30, 2019 In "News" By Maureen Okon Abuja - Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM) on Wednesday assured 485 Nigerians who voluntarily returned from South Africa of its commitment to fast track their reintegration in Nigeria. The Chairman of NIDCOM, Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa, made this known at the signing of an MOU with the Small… November 27, 2019 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigerians living abroad under the umbrella of Nigerians in Diaspora Organisation (NIDO) have flayed the antics of the Chairman/ Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa. They have accused her of using her position to cause division among… May 11, 2020 In "News"