A woman who decapitated an owl and shared the video online has died.  It was gathered that the 21-year-old Colombian woman sparked outrage after posting a gruesome video of herself decapitating an owl on social media. She has now been assassinated. Mileydis Aldana, 21, dubbed ‘Owl killer’ was assassinated by a motorcycle rider outside her residence in the town of Corozal in the state of Sucre on Sunday afternoon. Two men on a motorcycle showed up outside the entrance of her home in the Luis Carlos Galán neighborhood. One of the men then got off a motorcycle and shot her six times before fleeing the scene. According to reports, three bullets hit her, in the left arm, two in the left leg, and another in the chest. She was rushed to a nearby hospital by family members but was pronounced dead on arrival. Her death comes six months after Mileydis was dubbed the “Owl Killer” for beheading a live white barn owl in a graphic video she posted online, which went viral across Latin America and sparked outrage from animal-lovers and activists.   A rapper who shared his 'billionaire lifestyle' with fans online has been found tortured to death by burglars. David Mota, known as Mota Jr, was found dead after he was reported missing over two months ago. The Portuguese musician went missing on March 15, when it is believed he was… May 22, 2020 In "Entertainment" A Chinese court made a rare move to calm public outrage this week over a controversial murder case involving a young woman killed by her husband and in-laws. The 22-year-old Chinese woman had only been married for six months when her husband and in-laws beat her to death, because she… November 21, 2020 In "Foreign" A girlfriend has been left thoroughly embarrassed after her proposal to her boyfriend went terribly wrong in Warri.   A video has emerged on social media showing the moment a Nigerian woman was left embarrassed after she proposed to her boyfriend. Trouble started when she proposed and the boyfriend refused to accept… May 28, 2019 In "Entertainment"