LAGOS (Sundiata Post) – All Progressives Congress National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has mourned the death of Leadership newspaper publisher, Mr. Sam Nda-Isaiah, who he described as a courageous and conscientious journalist and columnist.In an emotional statement issued by his Media Office and signed by Tunde Rahman, Asiwaju Tinubu said he had a cordial relationship with Nda-Isaiah.He said: “I’m deeply shocked and saddened by the news of the death of Leadership Newspaper publisher, Mr. Sam Nda-Isaiah.“He was a friend and associate. We had a built cordial relationship between us long before we founded the APC together with others and before he contested for the presidential ticket at the primaries of our party in 2014.“As a journalist and columnist, he was bold, courageous, and conscientious. A pharmacist, he made an audacious move when he founded the Leadership newspaper in 2001.Nda-Isaiah was not only a newspaper publisher, he was also an entrepreneur with varied business interests.“His death is a blow to the journalism profession, which he served with all his heart. Perhaps, his last major appearance was last Tuesday’s Annual General Meeting of the Newspaper Proprietors Association of Nigeria held in Lagos. My condolences to the NPAN. I commiserate with the management and staff of Leadership newspaper.“I mourn in particular with his wife, children, and relations. May Almighty Allah comfort them and give them the strength to cope with this sudden death of their patriarch. I also extend my condolences to Etsu Nupe, His Royal Highness, Alhaji Yahaya Abubakar, Governor Abubakar Sani Bello, the government and people of Niger State for the loss of their illustrious son. I pray that the soul of our friend, Nda-Isaiah, find eternal rest.”  ABUJA - The Publisher, Leadership Newspapers, Sam Nda Isaiah, has died. He was aged 58 years. Reports reaching The Boss say the leading political columnist, pharmacist, entrepreneur and journalist, may have died from complications arising from COVID-19. He reportedly died at the Gwagwalada Isolation Centre. “Nda-Isaiah was born in Minna,… December 12, 2020 In "Top Stories" It was a short post from Isiaq Ajibola, former COO of Media Trust, on the WhatsApp platform of the Northern Media Forum, that drew attention to the passing of Sam Nda-Isaiah, just a few minutes past midnight, today, Saturday, 12th December, 2020. To say that I was stunned, was to… December 12, 2020 In "Opinion" Amatu gave the charge at the wedding ceremony of Gov. Rochas Okorocha of Imo, Ujunwa Okorocha and Dr Uzoma Anwuka which took place at St. Joseph’s Catholic Chaplaincy, Imo State University (IMSU), Owerri. The groom is the son of the Secretary to the Imo Government. Amatu, who was the officiating… October 13, 2014 In "News"