Following the discovery of a new strain of COVID-19 in the UK, the Nigerian government has been urged to bank flights from the country to avoid the unnecessary loss of human lives.  Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar made the plea in a statement he released on Sunday as he urged the Federal Government to emulate the European countries by banning flights from the United Kingdom. He said this in a statement titled: ‘An Ounce of Prevention Is Better Than a Pound of Cure’, which he signed in Abuja, on Sunday. Atiku said, “We must face the reality that our health sector is not sufficiently prepared to handle a sudden and unpredictable surge of this pandemic. We have already lost lives needlessly. We need not lose more. “Already, prudent nations are taking prompt action, and Nigeria must take necessary precautions, due to the volume of air traffic between Nigerian airports and London, where this new strain has erupted. “The reason Nigeria took a harder than necessary hit during the first wave of the COVID-19 virus is that the Federal Government failed to heed the warnings of well-meaning Nigerians, like myself and others, to shut down our borders once the virus became a pandemic. “Hindsight is 20/20. Nevertheless, we must learn from history, or we stand the risk of repeating it. “The new strain of COVID19 that has erupted in the United Kingdom, and specifically, London, can add to Nigeria’s health emergency if we do not act with an abundance of caution and temporarily halt all flights to and from the UK until this new strain is brought under control. In the case of this virus, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.” Source By Yunus Yusuf Ikeja - Rep. Nnolim Nnaji, Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, has advised the Federal Government against using foreign airline to evacuate stranded Nigerians from Canada. Nnaji, representing Nkanu East/West Federal Constituency of Enugu State, said in a statement in Lagos on Sunday that the House… May 24, 2020 In "Politics" There are strong indications that the vice president and governors may be in palpable fear following report of self-isolation of the Bauchi State governor, Bala Moham­med, over the coronavirus pandemic. Such fears may have be­come rife following contact between the Bauchi gover­nor and son of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar,… March 24, 2020 In "Politics" •Atiku Abubakar Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar says his son has tested positive for the coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Abubakar disclosed this in a tweet on his verified Twitter handle on Sunday night. He did not mention the name of which of his sons was infected but revealed that the Nigeria… March 23, 2020 In "News"