THE House of Representatives is proposing compelling a new President or governor to constitute his cabinet within 30 days after inauguration or risk impeachment by the National Assembly or state House of Assembly.  The Transition and Assumption of Office Bill, 2020, sponsored by Mr Kpam Sokpo, in which the proposal is being made, was introduced at the House on Wednesday. The bill also seeks to establish a special fund for the presidential transition committee and to also compel state governors to also name their cabinets within the same time. It reads in part, “Subject to Sections 147 and 302 of the constitution, the President shall on assumption of office, appoint ministers within 30 days from the date he took the oath of office.  “The President shall constitute and appoint all boards of government agencies and parastatals that are due for constitution and appointment within two months from the date of his assumption of office. “Where the President fails to comply with the provisions of this section without any justifiable reason, he shall be guilty of misconduct as provided under Section 143(2) (b) of the constitution.”  Source ENUGU - The Enugu State House of Assembly on Thursday adopted a resolution to investigate the Deputy Governor, Mr Sunday Onyebuchi’s, reply to the notice of impeachment against him. The Speaker, Mr Eugene Odo, said that by the virtue of the support for the investigation by 20 lawmakers, the next… July 31, 2014 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   President Muhammadu Buhari has declined assent to Electoral (Amendment) Bill 2018 due to “some drafting issues” that remain unaddressed following the prior revisions to the Bill. Sen. Ita Enang, the Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters (Senate), made this known… September 3, 2018 In "Politics" By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja -   The House of Representatives on Thursday passed for second reading a bill that nomination for appointment of ministers should not be later than 30 days from when the president takes oath of office. The bill also seeks to provide that nomination for appointment of… December 8, 2016 In "News"