A mob has been prevented from attacking two ladies by officers attached to Onireke police station, Lagos state, on Friday. The mob charged at the women who were arrested for allegedly selling a three-day-old baby to a soldier but were rescued by the police. The women, said to have come from Onireke market, Ojo, Lagos state, stormed the police station, chanting war songs against the two suspects. Speaking with NAN, one of the women leaders identified as Mama Dada, alleged that the mother of the three-day-old baby had been encouraged by her elder sister whom she was staying with, to sell the baby as no one had claimed responsibility for fathering the child. Mama Dada claimed that the elder sister sold the baby to a female soldier for N200,000, before the mother regained consciousness after childbirth. “The sister had been telling the mother of the baby that since they could not cater to the needs of the baby, they’d sell her. And she went ahead to sell the baby to a female soldier at the Ojo army barracks opposite the market,” she said. “The sister, who accompanied the expectant mother to the hospital where she was delivered of the baby, took the child from the nurses on duty before the mother regained consciousness from childbirth and sold to the solider for N200,000.” Beatrice Uzokwe, another trader who was at the station, said the child’s mother had raised the alarm over the issue on December 9, 2020, adding that the police had also arrested the elder sister in connection with the incident. The police, however, said a statement would be issued on the matter after investigation.  Delta State - General Overseer of Liberation Ministry, Pastor Sunday Chinedu (33), has told operatives of the Inspector-General of Police (IG) Special Intelligence Response Team (IRT) how he became part of the syndicate selling unborn babies in Delta State. Chinedu was arrested along with Madam Isioma Uko, Mr. Adagbo Samuel… November 15, 2019 In "Metro" Giving bizarre reasons such as using the proceeds to buy smartphones to the absurd like using them as collateral, no fewer than 15 parents sold out their babies between February last year to June this year. The proceeds realized from the sales, as captured in this report, amounted to N5.4… July 7, 2019 In "Metro" A pastor and his sister have been arrested for conniving to steal an 8-months-old baby in Lagos state. The Police on Friday arraigned the Pastor, Stanley Maduka, 40 and his sister, Glory Uma, 50 in an Ikeja magistrates’ court for conniving to steal an 8-months-old baby boy. Maduka was charged… November 15, 2019 In "Metro"