A new license categorisation for payments systems has been approved by the Central Bank of Nigeria.  This was made public in a circular signed by Mr Musa Jimoh, Director, Payments System Management Department of the apex bank, on Thursday. He said the new framework offers clarity for new and existing market participants. “Given the significant evolution and innovation in the Nigerian payment system, all payment service providers and stakeholders are invited to note the following in this regards: “Payments system licensing has been streamlined according to permissible activities in four broad categories. “The categories are Switching and Processing, Mobile Money Operations (MNOs), Payment Service Solutions (PSSs) and Regulatory Sandbox,” he said. Jimoh explained that only MMOs were permitted to hold customer funds, adding that companies with licenses within any of the other categories were not permitted to hold customer funds. He said the companies seeking to combine activities under the switching and MMO categories were only permitted to operate under a holding company structure with subsidiaries clearly delineated. “Payments system companies in the PSS category may hold any of the PSSP, PTSP, and Super Agent licences or a combination of the licences thereof. “All payment service providers and stakeholders in the payments system are required to ensure strict compliance with these requirements and all other payment system regulations,” he said.  Source Katsina- The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) said on Tuesday in Katsina that mobile money operating companies recorded transactions worth over N430billion between 2012 and date. Mr Musa Ibrahim, the Head, Payment System Policy and Oversight Division of Banking and Payments System Department, said this at Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation… December 3, 2014 In "Business" ABUJA - The Central Bank of Nigeria  (CBN) has named weak risk management framework and security issues  among the major challenges affecting electronic payment system in the country. The CBN Governor,  Mr Godwin Emefiele, made the disclosure as a keynote presenter at the 8th Annual Conference of the Chartered Institute… September 23, 2014 In "Business" ABUJA - The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in collaboration with Western Union Company and First Bank Plc, on Friday, launched out-bound remittance service to enable Nigerians to transfer money around the world. At the ceremony in Abuja, CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele, said that the project was in line… August 17, 2014 In "Business"