By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Musa Kwankwaso, the father of former governor of Kano State, Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, has died at  the age of 93 years. Elder Kwankwaso died in the early hours of Friday, December 25, 2020. His death was made known in a statement to newsmen by the ex-governor Kwankwaso’s principal private secretary, Muhammad Ali. Ali said the funeral prayer will be conducted on Friday by 3 p.m. at the residence of the former governor, Miller road, Bompai in Kano metropolis. The statement reads in part, “It is with a heavy heart and reverence to Allah (SWT) that we announce the passing away of our father Alhaji Musa Sale Kwankwaso the Majidadin Kano/Makaman Karaye at the age of 93 in the early hours of the morning Friday 25th December 2020 in Kano. “The late Makaman Karaye Alhaji Musa Saleh Kwankwaso was the father to senator Rabi’u Musa Kwankwaso the former governor of Kano state. He left behind two wives, 19 children (9 male & 10 female) and many grandchildren. “The burial rites will be held at 3 pm on Friday 25th December, 2020 at Miller road, Bompai, Kano. ”Due to the security alert as raised by security agencies; the family is urging sympathizers especially those from other states not to travel for the funeral rites. It is our hope you pray for the repose soul of our late father from your home state. “May Allah (SWT) rest the departed soul of Alhaji Musa Saleh Kwankwaso in eternal peace in Jannah and give us the fortitude to bear this monumental lose – Ameen.” Naija News reports that Kwankwaso was a village head before he was elevated to district head of Madobi Local Government Area and Majidadin Kano by the late Emir of Kano, Ado Bayero. He was recently appointed Makaman Karaye by the Emir of Karaye, Ibrahim Abubakar ll, one of the emirs of four emirates created by Governor Abdullahi Ganduje. By Ikenna Onyekwelu RIGHT from the moment Jonathan-bashing became a meeting point for some radical politicians and false progressives, immediate past Governor of Kano State, Alhaji Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, emerged as a prominent subset. Even in recent times, the new senator representing Kano Central in the Senate retains national attention… June 21, 2015 In "News" The 2023 Presidential election will be a do or die affair, the All Progressives Congress has been warned. The warning was given by Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, a former governor of Kano state who said there will be no room for inconclusive election in 2023. In a report by Premium Times,… December 21, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Commissioner for Works, Transport and Housing in Kano, Abba Kabiru Yusuf has been declared winner of People’s Democratic Party (PDP) governorship primaries in Kano. Abba, a son-in-law to former governor and senator representing Kano Central, Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso, won the PDP primaries… October 2, 2018 In "Politics"