By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senate on Wednesday confirmed the nomination of Chief Onuemuche Nnamani as a Member of the Police Service Commission (PSC). Nnamani’s confirmation was sequel to the consideration of a report by the Committee on Police Affairs, chaired by Senator Halliru Jika. Jika in his presentation noted that the nominee possesses the requisite legal requirements specified under the provisions of section 2 (a) and (b) of the Police Service Commission (Establishment) Act, 2001. According to the lawmaker, there is no legal petition or adverse security report before the committee against the appointment of the nominee.In a related development, the Senate also on Wednesday confirmed Mrs. Saratu Mama Shafii (North Central) as Chairman, alongside six others as Members of the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission Tribunal.The other nominees confirmed as members of the Commission include: George Chukwuma Mbonu (South East); Barr. Thomas E. Okosun (South South); Dr. Umar Dauda Duhu (North East); Mr. Ibrahim El-Yakubu (North West); Sola Salako Ajulo (South West); and Kenneth Tersoo Gyado (North Central). The confirmation of the nominees followed consideration of a report by the Senate Committee on Trade and Investment. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Francis Adenigba Fadahunsi, in his presentation said that all the nominees screened satisfied the requirements of Section 156 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999, as amended; Section 40 subsection (1) of the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Act, 2018; and 121 of the Senate Standing Orders 2015, as amended. The Senate, on Wednesday, confirmed the appointment of Chief Onyemuche Nnamani as a member of the Police Service Commission (PSC). This followed the presentation of the report of the Senate Committee on Police Affairs chaired by Senator Dauda Haliru Jika (Bauchi Central) on the floor of the Senate. Jika said… December 16, 2020 In "News" …Forwards Buhari’s request for confirmation of INEC chair, others to relevant Committees By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday confirmed the appointments of seven nominees to the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission. This was just as the Upper Chamber rejected Mrs. Yinka Osoba Akpata as Executive Commissioner… November 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -   The Senate has confirmed the appointment of former Inspector-General of Police, Alhaji Musiliu Smith as the Chairman of the Police Service Commission (PSC). It also confirmed six others as members of the commission. Confirmation of their appointments followed the consideration of the report of… July 17, 2018 In "Metro"