The Police have arrested a man, Adeniyi Stephen, and his wife, Adetola Adeyinka of Agosasa area of Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun state for siphoning 32,651 litres of diesel from the mast of the telecommunication service provider, Globacom Nigeria unlimited. The diesel so far stolen from the mast by the couple is valued at N8, 162,750. Also arrested along with the couple is one Ojo Sulaimon. The suspects were arrested on Wednesday following information by Joseph Gaul Ekanem at the Ipokia Police Divisional Headquarters that thieves have been coming with a Passat car marked BNS 261 AAA to siphon diesel from the mast situated in Agosasa.  The Divisional Police Officer for Ipokia Division, Adebayo Akeem, it was learnt, detailed detectives who investigated the case and arrested the vehicle being used to steal the diesel.  The suspects using the vehicle to perpetrate the theft were subsequently traced and three persons – husband, wife and one other person were arrested. The Police Public Relations Officer for Ogun State Command, Animals Oyeyemi, who disclosed this in a release, said the suspects had admitted committing the crime, stressing that they also confessed to have siphoned 32,651 liters of diesel valued at N8,162,750 million ( Eight million, one hundred sixty thousand, seven hundred and fifty naira). Preliminary investigation revealed that Adeniyi Stephen is a staff of the company and mastermind of the operation. The Commissioner of Police Edward Ajogun has ordered that the suspects be charged to court as soon as the investigation is concluded. The Nation By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt, June 16, 2019 (NAN) Rivers Police Command has arrested six suspected mast vandals in Rumuokoro, Obio/Akpor area of Rivers. The suspects allegedly specialised in vandalising telecommunication mast, and in the process steal pieces of valuable equipment therein. The Rivers Police Command Spokesman, DSP Nnamdi Omoni,… June 16, 2019 In "Metro" The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Odumosu, may have tightened up security of lives and property in Lagos following the arrest of an Anglican Church Knight, Sir Peter Uche, who led a 7-man robbery gang to invade MTN mast to steal batteries and he was arrested by Police… November 27, 2019 In "Metro" Officers of the Nigeria Customs Service have been accused of shooting and killing a 15-year-old girl identified as Miss Sekinat Agbelade while chasing a rice smuggler in Agosasa community in Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun State. Agbelade who died at a private hospital in the community on Saturday March… March 30, 2020 In "News"