On Thursday, December 17, the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG) stormed the streets to demand the immediate rescue of the hundreds of students kidnapped from Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in the state.  The protest was led by some national leaders of the group, as the protesters were seen carrying placards with inscriptions such as “BringBackOurBoys;” “government must speak out;” and “We want our children back” amongst others. The Board of Trustees Chairman Nastura Ashir Shariff said it is already in touch with parents of the abducted school children and assured them of support through this hard time. Spokesperson of CNG Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, said, “It will be unreasonable to expect any northerner and well-meaning Nigerians to fold their arms and watch the North, a significant component of the country abandoned to the mercy of bandits and kidnappers” He added that “the police in Katsina is seen in a massive reinforcement around the state which calls for caution on the part of authorities against attempts at suppressing legitimate protests that will be conducted peacefully.” See Video Below; #WATCH:Coalition of Northern Groups begin protest in Katsina State,demands immidiate rescue of abducted Kankara Students.       AuthenticVoice:#KankaraStudents pic.twitter.com/dMbfkSJyKp Source There was a protest in Kastina State on Sunday over the abduction of many schoolboys from the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in the Kankara Local Government Area of the state. The protesters demanded the prompt rescue of students abducted by bandits on Friday night. The protest was led by… December 13, 2020 In "News" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - Barely four months after the chairman of its Board of Trustees (BoT), Mr. Nastura Shariff, was arrested and detained by the police in Abuja for organising a protest over insecurity in Katsina State, the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG), yesterday vowed to commence today a wave of marches… October 15, 2020 In "News"