Bring Back Our Girls convener and human rights activist, Aisha Yesufu has lambasted the founder of the Deeper Christian Life Ministry, Pastor W.F.Kumuyi, for keeping mute about the alleged molestation of a schoolboy, Don Davis, in the school owned by the church in Uyo.  11-year-old Don Davis, a pupil of Deeper Life High School in Uyo, the Akwa Ibom State capital, was allegedly ill-treated and starved by the senior pupils of the school. The mother of the student had in the previous week called out the management of the school for trying to cover up the alleged abuse of her son who just enrolled in the school. According to her, the boy bed wetted and was reportedly moved to senior dormitory on the instruction of the principal for urinating on his bed. The principal has since been suspended. Mrs Okezie alleged in another video posted on social media that she was attacked at the office of the Akwa Ibom Commissioner for Education Enobong Mbobo who had invited her and her son for questioning. Aisha Yesufu has now berated Kumuyi for not speaking against the ill-treatment experienced by the boy. She wrote on Twitter; “Dear Pastor Kumuyi @pastorwf_kumuyi If it was Buhari’s issue, we would have heard your voice loud and clear. A vulnerable child needs your voice but it has been silent. Why? A shepherd is supposed to protect its weakest, not strongest. #JusticeForDonDavis.” ng Thelma Malaka, the Education Secretary of the Deeper Life High School, has addressed the alleged sexual assault of Don Davis, a student of the school in Akwa Ibom. The mother of the JSS1 pupil, Deborah Okezie had called out the management of the school over the alleged sexual assault on… December 30, 2020 In "News" Nigerian Soldier Shoots Civil Servant In Public May 10, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Sunday Bassey Uyo - The International Election Observers, Pan African Women (PAN) Projects that monitored the 2019 Presidential and National Assembly elections in Akwa Ibom on Saturday, decried have alleged snatching of ballot boxes in polling units across the state. Ms Mphoentie Keitseng, the Publicity Secretary of PAN Projects,… February 27, 2019 In "Politics"