A Kira division court in Uganda on Friday, December 11 sentenced a maid to four years behind bars for feeding her boss’s baby with her urine. Vicky Abiria reportedly confessed to the inhumane act after she was confronted by the baby’s mother, Hope Chicha. Following the discovery, Chicha took the baby for check up only to discover that her daughter has been infected with syphilis. “I found my baby’s bottle full of urine and when I asked her she confessed that she was feeding my baby with her urine,” she said. Chica added that: “When I took my daughter to the hospital, the doctors found out that my baby had syphilis. I am now trying to treat my child and make sure that she doesn’t get other complications.” She further added that she always saw these kinds of acts on social media and television and didn’t really think that they were true. “I have always heard that house helps do these kinds of things, now that it has happened to my child, I even fear maids. I don’t ever want to hire one. I have always treated this girl well but I don’t know why she decided to do such a thing,” she said. Kampala Metropolitan Police (KMP) Spokesperson Patrick Onyango had on Thursday, December 10, confirmed that they arrested Abira and charged her with spreading dangerous diseases after tests on the child proved that it had been infected by a urinary tract infection. The Nation Vicky Abiria, a wicked Ugandan househelp, has been sentenced to prison. She was sent to jail for feeding her boss's baby with her urine. Abiria was sentenced to four years imprisonment by Kira division court on Friday, December 11. Hope Chica, the mother of the baby told the police that… December 13, 2020 In "News" Argungu (Kebbi State) - A five months old infant delivered after seven months of pregnancy in rural community of Kebbi State has miraculously survived after the mother was guided to apply a Kangaroo Mother Care (KMC) method. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that KMC is a method of… January 30, 2020 In "Health" A woman goes to babysit for her son-in-law. But she ends up carrying, in the deal, two babies for the same man: one in her arms and the other in her stomach. It’s a story with various angles and tangles to it, a tragedy of immense proportion, with many loops… January 25, 2020 In "Metro"