As reactions and counter-reactions continue to trail his Christmas message, Bishop of Sokoto Catholic Diocese, Matthew Hassan Kukah, has denied calling for a coup. Bishop Kukah at a media conference with selected journalists held at St Bakhita Secretariat in Sokoto on Monday night urged Nigerians to get the accurate statement rather than relying on different lies being peddled about in his name. He emphasised that the message was based on his love for the country and has no political or ulterior motive. “I am pained and very sad that my emergency critics never see that many innocent lives are being lost on a daily basis. The loss of lives in the last ten years, even before the advent of this administration, calls for concern. “The reactions are a reflection of every citizen that make up Nigeria. It is sad that when you drop something in Nigeria, everybody goes back to their enclave and abandon the larger picture. I am someone who never takes offense to what people say about me. “What I said was my opinion based on evidence and what has happened in Nigeria, and if you looked into the records, there is evidence that justifies that statement, and if anyone thinks I am wrong, they should come out with a superior position. “It is unfair for a journalist or news medium to report that I called for a coup while expressing my personal view about Nigeria,” he noted. To those calling him to drop his priesthood cassock and join the political fray, the outspoken cleric said if he was to join politics, it would have been during the time of late Aminu Kano and not now. “I have no plan and will never play partisan politics for any reason. Those who link my message to partisan politics are only playing to the gallery. ‌“Take, for instance, brilliant Nigerian youths making comments about Chelsea or Arsenal and have never been to England, does that make them players of such club sides? “So, why will someone think because Bishop Kukah is speaking therefore he is a politician? People who make this argument are totally ignorant of elementary politics and ignorant of the role of a Priest. “The truth is that a lot of us have not seen a priest saying what I am saying. The truth of the matter is, we are all in politics, but party politics for me, no. I am not a member of any political party and I cannot be. If it comes to voting, I do my right. “Whatever I said can please or displease anyone, but that is my own opinion and doesn’t stop others from saying their own opinion. If you think my motive is wrong, say yours. “I have no problem with Muslims, Christians, or any other religion but what I don’t like is when someone is using a religious issue to play politics, it is wrong.” Punch Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government hit back at the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Dr. Matthew Kukah on Saturday for suggesting that there would have been a military coup or a war in the country if a non-Northern Muslim leader had practised a fraction of the alleged nepotism… December 27, 2020 In "Top Stories" Former Kogi Senator, Dino Melaye has warned the Presidency against the arrest or embarrassment of Sokoto-based clergyman, Bishop Kukah, over his Christmas day message which has sparked uproar. In the message, Bishop Kukah said there would have been a coup if a non-northern muslim president practiced nepotism like Buhari. The… December 29, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja {Sundiata Post} -  Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Dr  Matthew Hassan Kukah,  has decried how lives are being aimlessly and mindlessly wasted in Nigeria by enemies of the nation.   Speaking when he led other members of the Catholic Church to Gandi town where he donated… July 31, 2018 In "Top Stories"