Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Police held the journalists for several hours, according to sources quoted by CPJ and social media posts by journalist Moussa Nguedmbaye.Chadian authorities should refrain from conducting police raids on news outlets and should thoroughly investigate allegations that journalist Blaise Noubarassem was assaulted by police and intimidated by a government official, the Committee to Protect Journalists said today. On November 27, in Chad’s capital, N’Djamena, police raided the office of privately owned broadcaster Radio FM Liberté while the outlet was hosting a media training for journalists from various news outlets, fired tear gas, and arrested at least 70 people, including at least 20 journalists, according to media reports, a press release by the broadcaster, and Noubarassem, a Radio FM Liberté reporter, who spoke to CPJ via messaging app. Police held the journalists for several hours, and then released them without charge, according to those sources and social media posts by local journalist Moussa Nguedmbaye. Police officers beat Noubarassem on the head and back with their guns while they arrested him, and the director of Chad’s General Intelligence organization singled him out and made menacing remarks, according to the journalist and a report by German public broadcaster Deutsche Welle, where Noubarassem also works as a correspondent. Noubarassem told CPJ he did not sustain any serious injuries from the attack, but on December 8 filed a complaint with the public prosecutor about the official’s remarks, which CPJ reviewed. “Authorities in Chad should be ensuring journalists can work safely, not intimidating them with blunt police tactics and threats,” said Angela Quintal, CPJ’s Africa program coordinator, from Durban, South Africa. “The press in Chad have for years operated under difficult conditions, including the persistent threat of arrest and prolonged disruptions to social media access. The use of these tactics to harass and pressure the media must end.” Noubarassem, who is also known as Blaise Dariustone, told CPJ that the police arrived at Radio FM Liberté to arrest an activist and mistook the media training for a “citizens forum” that had been banned the day before, allegedly due to the country’s COVID-19 restrictions. During the raid, the director of Chad’s General Intelligence organization, a national agency run by the presidency, singled out Noubarassem, pointing to the journalist and saying, “I will take care of him personally,” according to the complaint. When the journalists were released, the official again singled out Noubarassem and said, “he and me, we will meet again,” the complaint said. The complaint characterizes the official’s remarks as threats, and refers to him as the General Intelligence director but does not name him. Noubarassem identified the director to CPJ as Sougour Abdelkerim Deby.(Premium Times) DAKAR - The New York-based press freedom watchdog, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) on Monday said authorities and journalists should work together to tackle the problem in Ebola-stricken countries. ``The Ebola crisis in West Africa is unrelenting. ``While journalists on the frontline of reporting on the virus are caught… October 20, 2014 In "News" Istanbul - The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) on Friday, called on Turkey to reverse its decision to close down no less than 20 television and radio stations. CPJ Deputy Executive Director Robert Mahoney said the government has already silenced a large segment of the media that has been critical… September 30, 2016 In "News" The Nigerian bank account of Sahara Reporters, owned by embattled journalist and activist Omoyele Sowore, was frozen without advance notice in October, Committee to Protect Journalists said. “Sahara Reporters’ Nigeria-based account with Guaranty Trust Bank was frozen without warning in October, La Keisha Landrum Pierre, Sahara Reporters’ chief operating officer,… December 11, 2019 In "News"