The National Youth Service Corps NYSC, has confirmed the killing of Bomoi Suleman Yusuf, a serving corps member, who was shot on his way home from the orientation camp in Ede, Osun state.  Suspected kidnappers attacked the vehicle Bomoi boarded and shot him dead. It was alleged that the kidnappers also abducted other corpers. In a released statement, the leadership of the scheme confirmed the killing of the corps member but denied reports that 16 corps members travelling with him were abducted. The statement in part reads; ”The true position is that, indeed, 17 Corps Members that completed the 2020 Batch Batch “B” Stream 1B Orientation programme at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Ede, Osun State, on Tuesday, 22nd December, 2020 boarded vehicles heading towards the northern part of the country. Tragically, along Jere-Abuja Expressway, they were accosted by a gang of armed robbers whose sporadic gun shots unfortunately felled Corps Member Bomoi Suleiman Yusuf. It is imperative to state that the 16 other Corps Members were never abducted. The death of any Corps Member is a big loss, not just to his family, but to the Scheme and the entire nation at large. Sadly, it is always the darkest moment in the life of the Scheme. Management wishes to convey its deepest condolences to the family of Late Corps Member Yusuf and prays God to grant them the fortitude to bear the painful loss.” Source By Olajide Idowu Osogbo - The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Osun has called on transporters and the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) in the state to help prospective corps members, posted to the state, locate the corps’ camp and not surcharge them. The State Coordinator of… March 26, 2019 In "News" By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The Katsina State Police Command says it has succeeded in killing six kidnappers and rescued 18 passengers including 13 prospective corps members abducted on their way to NYSC orientation camp in Zamfara. The Commissioner of Police, Mr Sanusi Buba, said those rescued were kidnapped along… March 12, 2020 In "News" By Olajide Idowu Ede (Osun) -   The Director-General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Brig.-Gen. Suleiman Kazaure, has advised corps members in Osun to remain neutral and apolitical while serving as ad hoc staff for the Sept. 22 governorship election. Kazaure gave the advice on Tuesday while addressing corps members… September 11, 2018 In "Politics"