Singers, Omah Lay and Tems are currently trending on Nigeria social media platforms following the news that they have been remanded in prisons in Uganda.  Both singers were arrested by the Uganda Police Force for flouting COVID-19 guidelines. They were arrested after their performances at The Big Brunch, which held at Speke Resort, Wavamunno Rd, Kampala, Uganda. The African Giant, Burna Boy has taken to his Twitter platform to urge the Ugandan government to release the singers. He wrote, “Uganda…Pls we need our people home and safe #freetems #freeomahlay“ Ace rap artiste, Olamide had also lent his voice to the release of the singers. “@PoliceUg @StateHouseUg Free Omah lay and Tems,” the singer posted on his Twitter page. Jaywon took to his Instagram page where he posted a picture of both artistes in court. The singer used the caption section to appeal to the Ugandan government to release his colleagues. He wrote, “Uganda are positioning themselves in the wrong view, with this nonsense act of theirs.. or you telling us their immigration didn’t ask Omah Lay and Tems what they came to do in their country. #Freeomahlay #FreeTems.” Rave-of-the-moment artiste, Fireboy DML, went on his Twitter platform to ask the Ugandan police why his peers were being mistreated. “What is going on? @PoliceUg Why are Omah Lay and Tems being mistreated?! #FreeOmahLay #FreeTems everyone please let’s create more awareness on this, it’s no longer funny!” the singer queried. Popular disc jockey, DJ Spinall, took to his Twitter platform to inform the Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri that two of his colleagues are detained in Uganda. “@abikedabiri, Two of our music stars @Omah_Lay & @temsbaby where arrested in Uganda. Please do something. Thank you. #FreeOmahLay #FreeTems @MFANIGERIA,” he posted. The funnyman, Mr Macaroni, apparently does not see anything funny about the current predicament of Omah Lay and Tems as he urged all Nigerians to raise their voice against their detention which in his view is a setup. He wrote on Twitter, “This is a set-up and we all must join voices together!! Did Omah Lay and Tems invite themselves to Uganda?? How do you arrest Nigerian artistes in your country over a show that they didn’t organize?? Why didn’t they just postpone or cancel the show if shows weren’t allowed?” Fast-rising Nigerian singer Omar Lay, has now confirmed that he was arrested by the police in Uganda. He also gave a suggestion as to why he was picked up by the police. According to reports, the singer was arrested by Katwe Police in Uganda along side the Manager of the… December 14, 2020 In "Entertainment" Bebe Cool, a popular Ugandan singer has been accused of being the brains behind the arrest of Nigerian singers, Omah Lay and Tems. The Nigerian singers were arrested in Uganda on Sunday for violating COVID-19 protocols by performing at a crowded concert, a concert Bebe Cool had earlier ranted about… December 15, 2020 In "News" The federal government is working hard for the release of singers, Omah Lay and Tems arrested in Uganda for breaking COVID-19 regulations. The revelation was made today by Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chairman/CEO, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM) on Twitter. In a series of tweets, she wrote: "It has just been brought… December 14, 2020 In "News"