Ondo State first lady, Betty Akeredolu, has lambasted Channels TV Benue reporter, Pius Angbo after he physically assaulted his wife.  This came after Ifeanyinwa, the medical doctor wife of Angbo, accused him of battery. She showed her battered face and stated that Angbo tried strangling her, even though she just had a baby through caesarean section, 4 weeks ago. However, the coupled were reconciled by Governor Samuel Ortom on Monday with no punishment announced yet for the wife-beater. Although, Channels TV noted that investigation is ongoing. Angbo has also reportedly apologised to his wife but Mrs Akeredolu noted that “wife-beating no matter the circumstance is UNACCEPTABLE.” The governor’s wife also attributed Angbo’s action to poor parenting and urged mothers to raise their sons properly. Betty Akeredolu said: “ON BENUE DOMESTIC VIOLENCE GONE VIRAL: Nigerian Mothers, it is your responsibility to raise your sons to respect womanhood. Counsel them not to turn somebody’s daughter a punching bag. Wife beating no matter the circumstance is UNACCEPTABLE! IT IS A NO-NO FOR ME AND PEOPLE WITH A SENSE OF DECENCY! “REAL MEN DON’T BEAT THEIR WIVES!!!”  Source By Ojo Oluwafemi   Akure    -     The Wife of Ondo State Governor, Mrs Betty Akeredolu, has assured non-indigenes in the state of continued support of the state government, Mrs Akeredolu gave the assurance while receiving a delegation of Ebira community members living in Ondo State during a courtesy visit to… December 18, 2018 In "News" By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure -   Mrs Betty Anyanwu-Akeredolu, Wife of Ondo State Governor, has called on nursing mothers to embrace exclusive breastfeeding for their children in the first six months of life. Anyanwu-Akeredolu made the call on Thursday in Akure during the 2018 World Breastfeeding Day Symposium with the… August 2, 2018 In "Health" By Oluwafemi Ojo Akure - The Ondo State Governor’s Wife, Mrs Betty Anyanwu-Akeredolu, has lauded the Yoruba culture, which allows a woman to rule a community as a regent. The first lady made this known on Monday in her reaction to the prevailing culture in Aaye community in Ifedore Local… April 22, 2019 In "News"