Juventus forward, Cristiano Ronaldo has been named the Player of the Century.  The award was given to him by Dubai’s Globe Soccer Awards. The Juventus forward outshone Lionel Messi to take home the award. Ronaldo has secured the award with 33% of the vote, whilst Barcelona great Messi had 20%. Just six players ended up with a vote of 2% or more, in chronological order they were; Ronaldo, Mohamed Salah, Messi, Ronaldinho, Robert Lewandowski and Zinedine Zidane. The Globe Soccer Awards are a creation that are now brought forward with backing by the Dubai Sports Council, and on this occasion are powered by car manufacturer Audi. Ronaldo has previously won Globe Soccer’s Player of the Year award six times, whilst Messi has won it just once. “Being here with great champions such as Robert Lewandoski, Gerard Pique and Iker Casillas is amazing,” Ronaldo said. “Iker is an incredible example for everyone, when he had his problem, he made us understand that we need to value what we have. I am 36, but I still love football, my life and my family,” he added. “This award is giving me motivation, it’s amazing to be part of this event, this is a big honour for me. I hope the pandemic will be over next season and more people will be here. Thanks for his trophy, I am really happy. I hope I can continue to play for a few years.” Meanwhile, Bayern Munich’s Hans Flick has won the Coach of the Year award ahead of Gian Piero Gasperini of Atalanta. Cristiano Ronaldo has outshone his fierce rival Lionel Messi after being awarded the Golden Foot award. The Juventus striker has had yet another standout year at the top of world football, winning Serie A with the Old Lady whilst taking home the competition’s top goalscorer award, the Capocannoniere. Despite Messi… December 21, 2020 In "Sports" The Portugal International and Real Madrid attacker, Cristiano Ronaldo has been crowned the 2014 Fifa Ballon d'Or ahead of Barcelona forward Lionel Messi and Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer, scooping up the prestigious individual award for the third time in his career. Ronaldo who enjoyed a very successful 2014, guiding… January 12, 2015 In "Sports" Lionel Messi insists that he has no interest in competing with Cristiano Ronaldo for the title of the world's greatest player. Having claimed the last six Ballon d'Or awards between them, the pair are regularly compared to one another, with their respective merits discussed at length by players, pundits and… October 2, 2014 In "Sports"