The ‘Livespot Xclusive Concert Experience’ show slated for December 19th and 20th which features afrobeat giants, Burna Boy, Wizkid and other artistes has been postponed due to the second wave of COVID-19 in Nigeria.  According to the organizer Darey Art Alade, the rise in COVID-19 cases in the country is the main reason why the show had to be postponed indefinitely. Announcing on social media, he wrote; ”Within the last few days, we have observed an aggressive increase in the number of COVID-19 and we are strongly convinced that it is our collective interest to postpone the Livespot Xclusive Concert Experience slated for this coming weekend 19th and 20th of December. Regardless of the thorough health and safety protocol (for which we already had official approval) that we have put in place, we know that this is the right thing to do at this critical time in our fight against the virus. And we salute all the government and health care workers doing all they can to keep us all safe. We believe you will receive from official sources in the coming days, regarding how to keep safe this festive period, and beyond.” A post shared by Darey (@dareynow) It's been an amazing year all round and celebrities are planning to reward their fans with shows and concerts this December It's the end of the year again and the fun never stops. There's virtually an event for each day so you can be rest assured that December 2018 will… December 5, 2018 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Some Nigerians have began the Grammy nominations campaign for Nigerian artists featured on Beyoncé’s ‘Lion King: The Gift’ album. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the album, which dropped on Friday, features Wizkid, Tiwa Savage, Yemi Alade, Tekno, Mr Eazi and Burna Boy alongside… July 19, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja - As the Corona Virus (Covid-19) continue to spread across the globe, the Nigerian entertainment industry is beginning to bear the brunt. Nigerian artistes with international engagements initially began to cancel such engagements, but recently, most of them also cancelled their local engagements. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… March 20, 2020 In "Entertainment"