Cable News Network (CNN), the popular American media house, has shunned a summons by the Lagos panel probing EndSARS killings. The media house rejected the summons issued on it to appear before the Lagos State Panel of Judicial Inquiry probing the alleged killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate, Lagos on the night of October 20. The foreign media house contended that it does not fall under the territorial jurisdiction of the retired Justice Doris Okuwobi-led panel to warrant being summoned to appear before the panel. The CNN had, in a two-part report backed with pictures and video clips, implicated the Nigerian Army in the alleged killing of peaceful protesters at the Lekki tollgate. But the Federal Government condemned the CNN report, describing it as irresponsible, while the Nigerian Army denied shooting at or killing protesters. In an objection filed through their lawyer, Olumide Babalola, the CNN, its reporter, Stephanie Busari, and her team, said the November 28 summons issued on them was invalid as they were not within the geographical territory of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and do not have any physical or business presence in Nigeria. “We submit that since the objectors are not ‘persons in Nigeria’ as envisaged by the provision of Section 5(c) of the Tribunals of Inquiry Law Of Lagos State, Cap. T6, then this Honourable Tribunal is, with respect, bereft of territorial jurisdiction to compel their attendance to give evidence before it. “We rely on the decision in Joshua Dariye v Federal Republic of Nigeria (2015) LPELR-24398(SC), where the Supreme Court of Nigeria held that: Territorial jurisdiction implies a geographical area within which the authority of the court may be exercised and outside which the Court has no power to act,” Babalola said. The lawyer urged the panel to withdraw the summons issued on his clients and to instead, watch the CNN report on the Lekki shootings. He said, “The objectors respectfully refer the tribunal to the link for the published version of the story as reported on their website, ‘How a bloody night of bullets quashed a young protest movement’ to aid the tribunal’s fact-finding mission.” Also speaking with The PUNCH on Saturday, Babalola said on the invitation of the panel to its private hearing room at the Lagos Court of Arbitration in Lekki, met the panel and reiterated CNN’s objection to the summons. He said the panel eventually agreed to excuse CNN from appearing to testify before it, noting that it would record the objection in its final report. Mr Adesina Ogunlana, an #EndSARS protesters’ lawyer, has asked the Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry to summon Mr Babatunde Fashola, the Minister of Works and Housing, The PUNCH reports. The panel is probing the alleged killing of protesters by soldiers at the Lekki tollgate on October 20. Ogunlana told… November 27, 2020 In "News" Amid threats of sanction from the Federal Government over its investigative report on the shootings at Lekki toll plaza during the #EndSARS protests, CNN has released a second report on the incident. The Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, had last week described CNN’s report on the Lekki shootings… November 24, 2020 In "News" In an updated tweet, CNN Africa has now come out with a clarification on the number of lives lost during the protest. CNN Clarifies Its Tweet About ''38'' Nigerians Being Killed During The EndSARS Protests Cable News Network, CNN has clarified its tweet on the number of deaths recorded in… November 27, 2020 In "News"