Bishop Matthew Kukah of Sokoto Catholic Diocese has debunked claims made by some Nigerians that his Christmas day message was a call for a coup to overthrow the Buhari-led administration.  Kukah in his Christmas day message said that Nigeria would have suffered a military coup or be thrown into a war if a non-northern Muslim president was in power and has done a fraction of what Buhari has done since assuming office in 2015. Kukah accused President Buhari of nepotism and others. The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum has since called for his arrest and prosecution. According to them, the clergyman was calling for a coup against the Buhari administration. At a press conference held on December 29, Bishop Kukah stated that he never called for a coup. In His Words; ‘I am pained and very sad that my emergency critics never see that many innocent lives are being lost on a daily basis. The loss of lives in the last ten years, even before the advent of this administration, calls for concern. The reactions are a reflection of every citizen that make up Nigeria. It is sad that when you drop something in Nigeria, everybody goes back to their enclave and abandon the larger picture. I am someone who never takes offense to what people say about me. What I said was my opinion based on evidence and what has happened in Nigeria, and if you looked into the records, there is evidence that justifies that statement, and if anyone thinks I am wrong, they should come out with a superior position. It is unfair for a journalist or news medium to report that I called for a coup while expressing my personal view about Nigeria.”he said Kukah dismissed calls for his to drop his priestly garment and join politics to effect the changes he so desires to see in ”I have no plan and will never play partisan politics for any reason. Those who link my message to partisan politics are only playing to the gallery. Take, for instance, brilliant Nigerian youths making comments about Chelsea or Arsenal and have never been to England, does that make them players of such club sides? So, why will someone think because Bishop Kukah is speaking therefore he is a politician? People who make this argument are totally ignorant of elementary politics and ignorant of the role of a Priest. The truth is that a lot of us have not seen a priest saying what I am saying. The truth of the matter is, we are all in politics, but party politics for me, no. I am not a member of any political party and I cannot be. If it comes to voting, I do my right. Whatever I said can please or displease anyone, but that is my own opinion and doesn’t stop others from saying their own opinion. If you think my motive is wrong, say yours. I have no problem with Muslims, Christians, or any other religion but what I don’t like is when someone is using a religious issue to play politics, it is wrong.”he said. Source Former Kogi Senator, Dino Melaye has warned the Presidency against the arrest or embarrassment of Sokoto-based clergyman, Bishop Kukah, over his Christmas day message which has sparked uproar. In the message, Bishop Kukah said there would have been a coup if a non-northern muslim president practiced nepotism like Buhari. The… December 29, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Federal Government hit back at the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Dr. Matthew Kukah on Saturday for suggesting that there would have been a military coup or a war in the country if a non-Northern Muslim leader had practised a fraction of the alleged nepotism… December 27, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Dr. Mathew Kukah, yesterday deplored what he called nepotism by the Buhari Administration and accused the government of institutionalizing northern hegemony while reducing other parts of the country to second class status. Kukah in his Christmas message entitled “A nation in search of vindication”… December 26, 2020 In "News"