The federal government has been condemned for using Miyetti Allah to organise the release of abducted schoolboys.  The Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, Afenifere while condemning the act on Friday said Nigeria is finished. Recall that the students were abducted from their school in Katsina and later released yesterday. Afenifere’s National Public Secretary, Yinka Odumakin said the use of Miyetti Allah in the release of the students was an indication that Nigeria was finished. Odumakin, in a statement faulted the accounts of the Katsina State Governor, Aminu Masari on the abduction and release of the students. Gunmen had last week abducted some students of the GSSS in the Kankara area of Katsina State. Though Boko Haram claimed responsibility for the abduction but Masari dismissed it, saying bandits were responsible for the kidnap. However, the students were last night released from the gunmen. Masari had claimed that his Advisers, Miyetti Allah, military and police officers were responsible for negotiating the release of the students. Reacting, Odumakin said Masari’s remark was an indication that the government was relating to those causing problems for Nigeria. In the statement titled: “Kankara Boys: Now Nigeria is finished,” Odumakin said: “This time around those who celebrated Chibok to the hilt in 2014 are now in power and fumbled like amateur comedians in a big revelation that what is called terror in Nigeria is most likely a big scam being played at our expense. “The height of stupidity in governance was when it officially came out that another terror group called Miyetti Allah was the front for negotiation confirming our suspicion that this government rolls with all that troubles this country. “Even when the boys were cheekily released and there was an official lie of rescue Governor Masari in the boldest official cover-up for the terror enveloping Nigeria said he needed a third party to tell him who abducted and released them. “We call on all Nigerians, especially the enlightened north to rise and speak up at this mad season as we can’t continue to allow this practical joke to roll over us. It is time to rescue Nigeria from this malady and we must rise above any primordial sentiments.”  Source Oby Ezekwesili, a former Minister of Education, has again, called for the release of girls kidnapped by Boko Haram. The former minister renewed her demand for the release of schoolgirls kidnapped in Chibok and Dapchi after 344 abducted Katsina schoolboys were freed on Thursday. The PUNCH reports that hundreds of… December 18, 2020 In "Entertainment" Hundreds of schoolboys abducted last Friday from Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, have arrived Katsina State. The students were escorted into the state capital by heavily armed security operatives. Some of the schoolboys were still clothed in their school uniforms. Governor Aminu Masari had on Thursday night confirmed the release… December 18, 2020 In "News" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News"