Customers of Access Bank Plc can now receive cash in dollars or money paid directly into their domiciliary accounts following the recent policy change by the Central Bank Nigeria (CBN).  The CBN had directed that recipients of international remittances can now receive their funds in cash in dollars or to have funds paid directly into their domiciliary accounts. Executive Director, Retail Banking, Access Bank Plc, Victor Etuokwu, said the nationwide dollar payment was part of the bank’s promise to create value and meet the needs of its customers. “We are happy to announce that our customers can now receive funds sent from the Diaspora in dollars at any of our branches nationwide. The funds will be available as cash pick-up or direct transfer into customers’ domiciliary accounts,” Etuokwu said. He noted that Access Bank’s promise to deliver “more than banking” services is even more critical at this time as customers are looking for convenient products and services that facilitate their lifestyle adding that the bank’s remittance services are available to both customers and non-customers of the bank. “We encourage Nigerians in the Diaspora to take advantage of this season of giving, to send funds home for their loved ones, who in turn can receive either by opening an Access Bank domiciliary account or reactivate their inactive domiciliary account and the funds will be paid directly to their accounts or visit any of our 500 branches nationwide to receive their funds in dollars cash.” Source By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma Lagos - Access Bank Plc has rewarded 10 customers with one million naira each and 28 female customers with N100,000 each in its DiamondXtra monthly draw. Mr Victor Etuokwu, the bank’s Executive Director, Retail Banking, said in a statement on Saturday that the draw was held at… May 16, 2020 In "News" Lagos  -  Airtel Nigeria on Thursday said it has partnered Access Bank to introduce the 'Smart Savers' initiative, aimed at deepening financial access in the country. In a statement in Lagos, the company said initiative would enable Airtel customers open bank accounts directly from their mobile phones, without the bureaucracy… January 28, 2016 In "Business" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Finance) – Access Bank Plc has upgraded its Mobile and Internet banking platforms to provide an Omnichannel experience alongside a range of new and exciting features. The Omnichannel experience simply means customers of the 2017 Karlsruhe Outstanding Business Sustainability Award winner would enjoy a seamless and… December 10, 2017 In "Business"