The factional Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, Anselm Ojezua and some of his supporters, have joined their benefactor, Governor Godwin Obaseki, in the governing People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo.  Ojezua, Wednesday evening in Benin, cited loss of confidence in the national leadership of the APC and alleged disobedience to the party’s constitution, as his reasons for his long-expected defection, having opted to work for Obaseki and refusing to support the governorship candidate of APC, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, during the September 19 election in Edo. The defected factional chairman and some of his supporters took the decision at an “enlarged meeting” of the State Executive Committee (SEC) of APC, which was attended by members of the State Working Committee (SWC), the self-acclaimed chairmen of the party (APC) in the 18 local government areas of the state and Edo “leaders” of the party. The resolutions, signed by 22 members of the SWC of the APC in Edo, led by Ojezua, and chairmen of the party (APC) across the 18 LGAs of the state, claimed that their over 150,000 supporters had concluded plans to defect with them. When a call was put across to Ojezua, through his MTN line at 8:12 p.m., he said: ” it is true. We held a meeting earlier today. Those were our decisions.”  Source Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features" All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State on Tuesday dispelled rumour that the State Working Committee (SWC) is set to expel former National Chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. The party however said the Committee will be meeting on Thursday to review the entire electioneering campaign; the election and… September 22, 2020 In "Politics" By Deborah Coker (08035927476 Benin - Mr Anselm Ojezua, factional Chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo, says he will not be leaving the party with the governor. Ojezua is leading a faction of the APC loyal to Gov. Godwin Obaseki before his resignation on June 16 from the party.… June 16, 2020 In "Politics"