The organisers of the maiden edition of a Kaduna sex party has been arrested by the police in the northern state. The youths who have advertised the event on social media platforms revealed that the sex party was billed to take place on December 27, 2020 in an undisclosed location in the state capital. The party invite explained that participants, male and female, are expected to be naked as no clothes will be allowed at the venue. Also, the party which was slated to start at 8 pm would last till daybreak to allow for participants who are interested in having sex during the party to do so. The IV stated that interested participants will have to pay 2,000 naira (for the popular side) and 3,000 naira or 5,000 naira (for VIP). However, piqued by this development, the state government directed the police to find out the venue and arrest those behind it. Speaking on this development, Special Assistant to the Governor on Media, Abdullah Yunus said the police have responded and made some arrests. He said this was made possible through the advertisement sent on social media platforms. His words: “When we got to know of this development, the government was disturbed so the governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai informed the police.” Police pokesperson, ASP, Muhammad Jalige confirmed the development saying, police were able to trace the venue and made some arrests, stating that more details on the arrest would be given shortly. “When we got to know of this development, the government was disturbed so the governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai informed the police,” he said. Source: Whirlwindnews.com Some residents of Kaduna, Friday evening, were seen scampering home when they heard of the invitation sent by the police to the governorship candidate of  the All Progressives Congress in the state, Nasir El-Rufai, and other party bigwigs. Most shops at the busy Ahmadu Bello Way and central market hurriedly… March 27, 2015 In "News" The Kaduna State Police Command on Friday summoned the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in the state, Nasir El-Rufai, and two other bigwigs of the party to report for questioning in their offices. Summoned to appear along with Mr. El-Rufai are Suleiman Hunkuyi and Lawal Yakawada. Mr. Hunkuyi… March 27, 2015 In "News" Three weeks after he breached the interstate travel ban to perform at an Abuja concert, controversial Nigerian singer, Azeez Fashola, also known as Naira Marley, is yet to be arrested or prosecuted. None of the organisers of the concert has also been arrested or prosecuted. The concert was put together… July 5, 2020 In "Entertainment"