National Examinations Council (NECO) has said it will investigate reported cases of infractions at one of the examination centres, Fabian Kings and Queens International School, Kaduna. The examination body noted that the centre located in Kabala West, Kaduna with Centre Number (0140721) may have allegedly indulged in malpractice during the just concluded 2020 SSCE (Internal). An online news platform, Signature Television, had in a video exposed alleged malpractice in one of the centres during the just concluded examination. NECO, in a statement by its Head of Information and Public Relations Division, Azeez Sani, said it has flagged the centre, identified and isolated all the candidates’ scripts for scrutiny. The examination body also said it has constituted an Administrative Committee to investigate the allegation in order to enable it to take appropriate actions. The statement reads: “The Authorities of Signature Television had on Wednesday 2nd December 2020 alerted the National Examinations Council (NECO) of some infractions at one of the examination centres, Fabian Kings and Queens International School, Kabala West, Kaduna with Centre Number (0140721) that may lead to malpractice during the just concluded 2020 SSCE (Internal).  “Based on the Council’s zero tolerance for examination malpractice, it swung swiftly into action by flagging the centre, identifying and isolating all the candidates’ scripts for scrutiny. “Following this action, the council constituted an Administrative Committee to investigate the allegation in order to enable the council to take appropriate actions. “If found culpable, the entire results of the candidates will be cancelled, the school will be derecognised and those examination officials involved in the act will be prosecuted in accordance with the Examination Malpractice Decree 33 of 1999. “The council wishes to commend the authorities of Signature Television for their interest in ensuring the sanctity of public examination and enjoins stakeholders to emulate this gesture.” The Nation ….Delists 9 CBT Centres over Irregularities Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The names of 195 candidates who were allegedly caught cheating during the just concluded 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination, UTME,  have been released, the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) said. JAMB also said it had delisted nine Computer Based… April 21, 2020 In "Top Stories" Kaduna, -  The Kaduna State Government says it will sanitize the operations of the private schools operating in the state, to ensure delivery of quality education to students. The state’s Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Dr Shehu Adamu, stated this while briefing newsmen in Kaduna on Monday. ``We have… April 4, 2016 In "News" Lagos  -   A total of 25,781 candidates registered for this year's National Common Entrance Examination (NCEE) in Lagos. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the examination was for admission into the 104 Unity Colleges across the country. The Lagos State Zonal Coordinator, National Examinations Council (NECO), Mr… April 16, 2016 In "News"