Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mohammed Adamu, has approved the deployment of the five newly promoted Deputy Inspectors General of Police (DIGs) to various departments of the force. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Abuja. He said the deployment followed the recent promotion of senior police officers by the Police Service Commission (PSC). “The newly promoted DIGs and their postings include – Usman Baba, Force Criminal Investigations Department; Ibrahim Lamorde, Force Intelligence Bureau (FIB) and David Folawiyo, Information Communication and Technology (ICT) Department. “Others are Joseph Egbunike, Finance and Administration Department and Dan-Mallam Mohammed, Training and Development Department,” he said. Mr Mba said Moses Jitoboh, a newly promoted Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG) was redeployed from the Border Patrol Section to the Department of Research and Planning. He said the I-G had congratulated the officers, who by their promotion, had become members of the force management team. The spokesperson said the redeployments were with immediate effect. By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Mr Mohammed Adamu has ordered the redeployment of the recently promoted Commissioners of Police to the rank of Assistant Inspectors General (AIG). The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO),  DCP Frank Mba disclosed this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja.… November 9, 2019 In "News" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the posting and redeployment of senior police officers in line with the recent presidential approval for the re-organisation of the force.The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on… July 4, 2020 In "News" By Joseph Edeh Abuja - The acting Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mr Mohammed Adamu has ordered the posting of the newly promoted Assistant Inspectors-General of Police (AIGs). A statement by the Force Spokesman, ACP Frank Mba disclosed this on Wednesday in Abuja, He said AIGs Wilson Inalegwu was posted to… February 6, 2019 In "Metro"