Pierre Buyoya, a former President of Burundi has died.  The man died in Paris of Covid-19 at the age of 71, several close relatives told AFP on Friday. “President Pierre Buyoya died last night in Paris. He had Covid-19,” a member of his family told AFP, requesting anonymity. Several other relatives confirmed the death of Buyoya, who served as special envoy of the African Union to Mali and the Sahel from 2012 until November this year. Buyoya “had been hospitalised Wednesday last week in Bamako where he was placed on a respirator,” the family member said. “He was evacuated to Paris yesterday afternoon. His plane made a stopover and arrived in France in the evening. He died as the ambulance took him to hospital in Paris for treatment,” the source said. Buyoya resigned as AU envoy in late November after being sentenced to life imprisonment in Burundi the month prior over the 1993 assassination of his successor, which he denounced as politically motivated. Buyoya, an ethnic Tutsi, first came to power in Burundi, one of the smallest countries in Africa, in a coup in 1987.  Source Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday urged the people and Government of Burundi to explore dialogue in resolving the current political differences in the country. The president stated this when he received the former Burundian President, Mr Pierre Buyoya, at the State House, Abuja. He assured that Nigeria would… April 5, 2016 In "News" Burundi president has become the first head of state to die of COVID-19, according to medics at the hospital where he was flown to following his death. The revelation comes at a time government officials insisted that he died of heart attack. The country's government had announced Pierre Nkurunziza's cause… June 15, 2020 In "Foreign" BUJUMBURA - A prominent Burundi human rights activist who openly opposed President Pierre Nkurunziza's controversial bid for a third term in office was shot and seriously injured on Monday, a family member and witnesses said. Pierre Claver Mbonimpa, who heads the Association for the Protection of Human Rights and Detained… August 4, 2015 In "Foreign"