The Peoples Democratic Party, on Thursday, knocked the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), for his failure to secure lives and property in the country in the last five years.  According to PDP National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, Buhari has nothing to tell Nigerians and that could be responsible for his reported boycott of a joint National Assembly sitting today. “Mr President is afraid of the obvious, he knows he has nothing to tell Nigerians on the security situation in the country. That is why he is running from the National Assembly. He also failed in every area of governance including security,” Ologbondiyan stated on Thursday. The spokesperson of the opposition party also said there was no plan by the PDP caucus in the House of Representatives to embarrass the president at the sitting today. “There is no plan of any sort by any member of the House of Representatives elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party to embarrass Mr President. Mr President is only afraid of his own shadows,” Ologbondiyan said on Thursday while featuring on a television programme in Lagos. The House of Representatives led by the Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila, had last week invited Buhari over the rising insecurity and the killing of over 43 farmers in Borno State. READ ALSO: Nobody in charge in Nigeria – Soyinka An aide to the President, Lauretta Onochie, had also revealed that Buhari would appear before a joint session of the National Assembly on Thursday. However, reports began to filter in on Tuesday that the President had decided not to attend the meeting any longer. The PUNCH had also reported Wednesday that the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), said the National Assembly lacked the power to invite the President to speak on security matters.  Source By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja - Mr Yekini Nabena, a Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC),has called on the party’s national leadership to set up mechanisms for the zoning and selection of preferred principal officers for the incoming 9th National  Assembly. He made the call in a statement on Saturday… March 2, 2019 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja （Sundiata Post）- The Peoples Democratic Party（PDP）has applauded the decision of the National Assembly to launch an independent but full legislative invitation as to the possible remote and immediate cause of the adoption of about 110 school girls in Dapchi, Yobe state.   The  Party urged the… March 1, 2018 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko   Abuja (Sundiata Post) - National Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party, (PDP) Prince Uche Secondus has called on the United Kingdom to expel President Muhammadu who is hiding in that country to plan the undermining of democracy in the country.   The National Chairman who said… August 7, 2018 In "Top Stories"