The Caretaker/ Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressives Congress on Wednesday appointed, Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, as chairman of its South-South reconciliation committee. The was disclosed in a communique signed by the Secretary of the committee and an APC Chieftain from South-South, Lucky Imasuen shortly after a meeting of the party leaders from the geo-political zone in Abuja. The communique also named other members of the committee as: Lucky Imasuen, secretary; Chief Sunny Jackson, Dr. Mrs. Maryam Ali, Dr. Sam Jaja, Senator Clever Ikisikpo and Chief Emmanuel Nsan.  The communique read in part, “The meeting applauds Mr. President for the tremendous work he is doing under very difficult circumstances. Consequently, a vote of confidence was passed on the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari.  “The meeting resolved that leaders must work together in harmony in the interest of the party and our people. “The meeting condemned the divisions amongst the leaders and urged on the need to foster unity in the zone. “The meeting resolved to set up a committee of six persons of integrity to handle reconciliation and issues from the various states. “The meeting called on leaders to use the membership revalidation, and update exercise as a tool for ramping up our support base and for unification of the party in the region.” The Nation BODE OLAGOKE takes a look at how Governor Mai Mala Buni-led National Caretaker Committee has fared in its task of restoring peace and genuine reconciliation to the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) after the exit of Adams Oshiomhole. Background The birth of governor Mai Mala Buni-led All Progressives Congress (APC)… November 12, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the South East geopolitical zone of the country yesterday in Enugu called on the national leadership of the party to review the zoning of the leadership of the 9th National Assembly in order to make for equity and… April 28, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Mogbede Abuja -  National Chairman, Action Democratic Party (ADP), Alhaji Yabagi Sani, said appointment of Alhaji Bola Tinubu as Chairman, All Progressives Congress (APC) Reconciliation Committee, would not address crisis within the party. Sani stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday… February 7, 2018 In "Politics"