By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Minister of Transportation,  Rt. Hon. Rotimi Amaechi, on Friday inspected the Tin Can Island alongside  the Managing Director of Nigerian Port Authority,  Hadiza Usman and Executive Secretary of Nigeria Shippers Council, Barr. Hassan Bello, in order to solve the lingering congestion at the port. During the meeting, Amaechi reiterated the need for an urgent solution to curb trucks blocking access roads to the ports towards achieving the clearing of goods on time with less human contact. He, however, said he would meet with all relevant agencies on January 19 to find a permanent solution to the challenges. Speaking, the NPA boss said that by January 2021 an electronic clearing system for cargoes would be introduced that would resolve the issue gridlock at the Port. According to her, the agency is working with Lagos State government to create truck parks at designated areas. She said that the Lagos State government plans to give a designated truck park at Orile where trucks will park until their cargo is cleared electronically before they can proceed into the port. “We are planning to deploy an E-call-up system in January 2021. We will provide an electronic call-up system within the Ports and designation truck parks. No more trucks parking randomly on the road, we are going to have a designated trucks park; when you are called upon you can enter the Port. “The electronic call-up system will be across all platforms on phones. You can monitor when the consignment arrives and when you have been assigned to pickup  your  cargo. The E-call up will also remove human intervention and eliminate corrupt practices.” She said that the only thing that would be needed for clearing is the barcode that would be scanned at the entrance of the port to enable them enter the port. However,  Hassan Bello said that everyday the council have tried to proffer temporary solution to the gridlock at the Port. He said that with the festive period a lot of goods is expected to be imported into the country which calls for urgent actions. By Aisha Cole Lagos. -. The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) said on Tuesday that it would begin automation of the call-up system in August. Mr Adams Jatto, NPA’s General Manager, Corporate and Strategic Communication, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. According to… April 9, 2019 In "News" Comptroller-general of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) Col. Hameed Ali (retd.) stirred the hornet’s nest, last week, by directing customs area controllers at Tin Can Island Port, Apapa, Lagos, to ensure that containers intended for dry ports are first unsealed and examined in Lagos. Non-examination of foreign cargoes destined for… October 31, 2019 In "Opinion" By Folasade Adeniran Lagos - Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Saturday said the Federal Government was committed to building more ports across the country to decongest the gridlock in and out of the Apapa ports. Osinbajo made this known in an interview with newsmen after inspecting the Lilipond transit truck… June 22, 2019 In "News"