An Army Corporal, Charles Thomson who ran away from the theatre of operation in the North-eastern part of the country, has confessed killing his own mother. Corporal Thomson was among the 82 suspects paraded by the Kaduna State Police Command for various criminal acts in Kaduna on Thursday. The 30 year-old suspect, who confessed to the alleged culpable homicide of his mother, told The Nation, that he stabbed his mother to death because she was a witch, adding that, his mother use to turn to a serpent at night. According to him, “I was arrested for culpable homicide, because she died in my hands while fighting with her. We were fighting as a result of spiritual dispute; I saw her turning to a serpent severally at night, so, it angered me.  “She was even appearing and disappearing. And when I went into her room, I saw her with a 10 year-old boy running around her. That was what led to the fight,” he said. Asked about his father, the young Thompson said, his father abandoned him and his only brother with their mother about 20 years ago. “I am presently on sick leave, because am incapacitated, I was injured, I fell during an attack in Maiduguri. I am not a dismissed soldier, I am still serving.” Thompson also blamed the incident on lack of love between him and late mother, saying that his mother use to speak ill of him in the midst of people. “We had always had problems, there was no love. She didn’t have love for her children. So, I want to advise parents to always give assistance to their children and speak well about them in the public,” the suspect said. Meanwhile, the police said their investigation has revealed that, Thompson is on AWOL, that is Absence Without Leave, contrary to his claim that, he is on sick leave from the Army. The Nation The people of Gaya town in Kano have been reeling from shock since detectives from Homicide Section of Kano State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) of the State Police Command, arrested 25-year-old Mohammed Musbahu on the charge of filicide, the deliberate act of a parent killing his child. Musbahu, a messenger… January 11, 2020 In "Metro" Osun State - Pastor David Daley-Oladele, whose daughter, allegedly by one Owolabi Adeeko; his mother, identified simply as Mrs Adeeko; and the pastor of a white garment church, Segun Philip, in the Ikoyi-Ile area of Osun State, has stated that the dismembered body of the victim was buried on the church… December 30, 2019 In "Metro" A Nigerian woman arrested for assaulting and locking a 10-year-old boy inside dog cage has confessed why she did it.  .A 24-year-old lady, Onyinye Mbadike, who was arrested by the Lagos state police command over the viral video showing her assaulting and locking a 10-year-old boy, Chibike Eziamaka, in a… August 15, 2019 In "Entertainment"