The mother of Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, Madam Abigail Makinde, was, on Friday, interred in Ibadan, amidst emotional tribute from the governor. Makinde, in his tribute during the funeral service, held at St. Peter’s Anglican Cathedral, Aremo, Ibadan, said that he and his other siblings would forever remember their late mum. He said that the deceased thought him how to be disciplined and contented, even though it was tough at the time. “I used to be a truant in my primary school because I had thought that I would be a professional footballer. But the discipline my mum inculcated in me made me become what I am today. The governor, while stating that he inherited many traits from his late mother, said that she thought him to love God and to always bring best gifts to Him. On his political career, Makinde said that his mum didn’t want him to go into politics but that he decided to follow his heart. “I remember that day in 2007 when I contested for senator, she cried because police men invaded my house and I had to be rescued by the army. She told me that she had warned me not to go into politics but that I would not listen,” he stated. Makinde, who betrayed emotion towards the end of the tribute, declared that his late mother was irreplaceable. See photos below; The Nation IBADAN (SundiataPost) - Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has described the late industrialist and successful entrepreneur, Chief Bode Akindele, as a legend and role model for development.Governor Makinde, who stated this while speaking at the burial ceremony of the late Business mogul, said that Akindele will live forever because of… July 31, 2020 In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The Minister of Sports and Youth Development, Mr Sunday Dare, a former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala and Sen. Abdulfatai Buhari (APC-Oyo North) have wished Gov. Seyi Makinde quick recovery as he tested positive to the coronavirus. The trio expressed their sympathy in separate… March 31, 2020 In "Sports" Oyo state Governor Seyi Makinde on Monday said the state government would immortalize the late Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources, Mr Kehinde Ayoola The Governor made the disclosure during a special valedictory executive council session in honour of the late former lawmaker. While extolling the virtues of Ayoola, the… May 18, 2020 In "News"