MAIDUGURI – Two vehicles blew up on Improvised Explosive Device between Ngala and Dikwa in Maiduguri on Friday, killing four persons and injuring eight others, according to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), Nigeria delegation. “Five of the most seriously injured victims are now being treated by my colleagues from the ICRC surgical team at the State Specialist Hospital, Maiduguri, while another was referred to University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH),” the ICRC Head of Delegation in Nigeria, Mr Eloi Fillion, disclosed in his tweets shared by ICRC Public Relations Officer, Aliyu Dawobe. ICRC, Nigeria delegation, said it is treating five persons wounded in the car explosion. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ICRC has given surgical care to no fewer than 9,150 patients in Maiduguri in 18 months. According to ICRC fact sheet, no fewer than 7,700 received surgical care from the ICRC surgical team in 2019. It stated that more than 350 pardons were placed on admission for surgery, just as the team carried out more than 1,450 surgical interventions between January and June, 2020 “Out of those received in the period, 11 critical patients were referred to UMTH,” it stated. Some team of ICRC Surgeons performing surgery on one of the Monguno attack patients at ICRC Surgical Ward, Maiduguri Specialist Hospital By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) Nigeria delegation says it received 10 wounded patients from the Monguno attack for treatment at its Surgical… January 9, 2020 In "News" Khartoum  -   About 40 victims of violence that recently occurred along the Ethiopia-South Sudan border have been admitted to a Red Cross-supported hospital in the Upper Nile region of South Sudan. This information is contained in a statement issued by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), in… April 28, 2016 In "Foreign" JUBA - The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) on Wednesday warned that urgent action needed to be taken to save hundreds of thousands of people in South Sudan from starvation. The head of ICRC operations in East Africa, Mr Eric Marclay in a statement warned that the lives… June 10, 2015 In "Foreign"