Oby Ezekwesili, a former Minister of Education, has again, called for the release of girls kidnapped by Boko Haram.  The former minister renewed her demand for the release of schoolgirls kidnapped in Chibok and Dapchi after 344 abducted Katsina schoolboys were freed on Thursday. The PUNCH reports that hundreds of schoolgirls were kidnapped in Chibok and Dapchi in 2014 and 2018 respectively. Though the terrorists later returned more than 100 students to Dapchi after talks with the government, a schoolgirl, Leah Sharibu, was not released for refusing to convert to Islam. The former minister, who rejoiced over the release of the KankaraBoys, said their kidnap was avoidable. She said this in a series of tweets on Friday, calling on the Federal Government and security agencies to secure the release of Chibok and Dapchi girls. She tweeted, “We rejoice in the freedom of our innocent #KankaraBoys! But, Nigeria is not being governed at all now. “All the characteristics of a Failing State are evident in this country and must be averted by citizens. “Nigeria needs a rapid Independent Medical Evaluation of @MBuhari and his Presidency @NGRPresident have reduced Nigeria to a laughing stock in the comity of nations. “Imagine the depth of incompetence that produces the kind of monumental failure of intelligence and security that again made #KankaraBoys abduction possible at all! “Where are the remaining 112 #ChibokGirls and the only remaining #DapchiGirls, #LeahSharibu who is a Prisoner of Faith? “@MBuhari should we assume the 344 (a new number from 333) #KankaraBoys went on an excursion to terrorists who have out of magnanimity released them to you? “When will 112 #ChibokGirls and #DapchiGirl, #LeahSharibu also be released by terrorists to an irredeemably uncaring @NGRPresident @MBuhari who has for 3 years and two years respectively not considered it worthy of a Leader to engage their parents?When will our Girls come home? “When was the last time the @NigeriaGov of @MBuhari rendered an account of the status of the Counterterrorism war to Nigerians? “Has the war not seemingly morphed into a Military Industrial Complex with him as C-in-C of the @HQNigerianArmy? What have we spent? What have we won?” Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina State Thursday night confirmed the release of the abducted students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara. The governor said the boys were at Tsafe, Zamfara State, and would be transported to Kankara on Friday (today). According to him, the release of the boys was facilitated by the leadership of MACABAN/Miyetti Allah.  Source Between February 19, 2018 when the Dapc­hi schoolgirls were abducted by supposed Boko Haram insurge­nts and Wednesday, March 21, 2018, when the news broke that 76, and later, 101 of them had been released, I had off­ered perspectives on the incident in two articles. The first was titled: “Chibok and… March 21, 2018 In "Opinion" Abuja -  The All Progressives Congress (APC) has described the prompt release of the Dapchi schoolgirls as another demonstration of the political will of President Muhammadu Buhari to secure lives of Nigerians. Malam Bolaji Abudullahi, APC National Publicity Secretary, said this in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday while expressing… March 21, 2018 In "Politics" ABUJA  -    - A Nigerian group that sparked a global campaign for the safe return of schoolgirls kidnapped in 2014 said on Tuesday it would sue the government if it failed to provide answers over a similar mass abduction last month. Islamist militant group Boko Haram took 110 schoolgirls from… March 14, 2018 In "News"