  ParCare Community Health Network “may have fraudulently obtained COVID-19 vaccine, transferred it to facilities in other parts of the state in violation of state guidelines and diverted it to members of the public – contrary to the state’s plan to administer it first to frontline healthcare workers, as well as nursing home residents and staffers,” state Health Commissioner Howard Zucker said in a statement. “We take this very seriously and DOH will be assisting State Police in criminal investigation into this matter,” he added. ParCare said it is cooperating with the state authorities. In a statement the company said it was striving “to provide critical healthcare services and administer COVID-19 vaccinations to those qualified to receive them under the New York State Department of Health’s guidelines, which includes frontline healthcare workers and first responders.” It posted on its Facebook page on Tuesday photos of the Moderna vaccine, saying its centers had received the treatments that morning, five days after posting that it had “been authorized to distribute” the vaccine for people meeting certain criteria. “ONE SMALL INJECTION CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE FOR THE ENTIRE COMMUNITY!” it said. Source New York has received its first doses of the Pfizer coronavirus vaccine, according to Mayor Bill de Blasio. Blasio told CNN on Monday morning that he would visit a hospital later in the day to witness a healthcare worker receive the first shots. He stated that the vaccine offered hope… December 14, 2020 In "Foreign" New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on Sunday threatened to sue the Trump administration if it does not change its coronavirus vaccine distribution plan to allow for more equitable delivery among “black and brown communities” hardest-hit by the virus. “The Trump administration is designing the distribution plan, and their plan basically… November 17, 2020 In "Foreign" LAGOS - Lagos State Government has commenced house-to-house case identification to detect possible cases of COVID-19 in the State, The PUNCH reports. This was contained in a statement from the Lagos Ministry of Health on Thursday. The statement quoted the Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, as saying this during… April 10, 2020 In "News"