The family members and relatives of Legendary footballer, Diego Maradona have reportedly started battling over his £37million fortune with at least 16 battling for a cut.  The Argentine icon, who died from a heart attack last month at the age of 60, did not leave a will, according to the Sun. The footie legend had five recognized children including his two eldest children Giannina and Dalma. He is also believed to have seven more love-children. Maradona According to The Sun, his alleged love-children, plus four of Maradona’s five sisters, are vying for chunks of his legacy. A source in Buenos Aires told The Sun: “The battle for Maradona’s money won’t just be contested, it will be a World Cup.” Court papers have revealed his estate includes cash in Switzerland, Dubai, and Buenos Aires, property across the globe, and a fleet of luxury vehicles. Accounts also show funds from ad contracts with big brands ­in­cluding Puma and Coca-Cola. Maradona is said to have signed a will in 2012 but scrapped it four years later. Argentine law bans his children being disinherited and requires all to be given equal shares. A source said : “With no will, children close to Maradona and some he has never met will all be able to claim an equal share of his fortune. “That is clearly unacceptable to children who were part of his life for years and feel they have been cheated.”  Source BUENOS AIRES (AFP) – Diego Maradona’s ex-girlfriend said Thursday the football legend had set a trap for her, denying she stole jewelry from his Dubai mansion as an Argentine court released her on bail. “Maradona set me up. He knows I didn’t take anything from him,” 22-year-old Rocio Oliva said… July 17, 2014 In "Sports" Buenos Aires  - Former Argentine football player Diego Maradona tested negative for COVID-19 on Monday, his lawyer said on Monday. His announcement helped to allay fears the Argentina football legend had contacted the virus after hugging a colleague who was later found to have tested positive. The man who led… October 6, 2020 In "Sports" •Late soccer legend Maradona The body of Argentine football legend Diego Maradona, who died on Wednesday, will lie in state at the presidential palace in Buenos Aires during three days of national mourning, the presidency announced. Maradona would lie in state at the Casa Rosada palace so the public could… November 26, 2020 In "Sports"