By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has expressed his sadness at the news of the death of Professor Femi Odekunle on Tuesday. Lawan described Professor Odekunle’s death as a great loss to the academic community and to Nigeria. He stated this on Wednesday in a statement signed by his Special Adviser (Media), Ola Awoniyi made available to newsmen in Abuja. The Senate President said Odekunle, the first Professor of Criminology in Nigeria, was a reputable scholar and an academic giant who imparted  knowledge to his numerous students and served his country with his expertise in a discipline in which he was an authority. Lawan recalled his immense contributions as a member of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC).The Senate President condoled with the family of the departed professor. He also commiserated with the Government and people of Osun State and the entire academic community over the irreparable loss. Lawan prayed for the sweet repose of his great soul and for God to grant his loved ones the fortitude to bear his loss.   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has commiserated with the family of former Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Chief Richard Akinjide, who died on Tuesday. Lawan also condoled with the government and people of Oyo State over the loss, said… April 22, 2020 In "News" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has described as a painful loss the death of Malam Isma’ila Isa Funtua on July 20. Lawan in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Ola Awoniyi on Tuesday expressed his heartfelt condolences to family of the late… July 21, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko  Abuja – (Sundiata Post) -   President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has expressed grief over the demise of former Oyo State Governor, Abiola Ajimobi. Lawan reinded that late Senator Ajimobi served with merit at the upper legislative chamber between 2003 and 2007 during which time he was… June 26, 2020 In "News"