Mr Boss Mustapha, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), and the chairman of the presidential task force (PTF) on COVID-19 and his wife, Olu have currently gone into isolation after some members of their household tested positive for the ravaging coronavirus.  Mustapha said they took the COVID-19 test immediately after it was discovered that members of his household had been infected. He and his wife however tested negative for the disease. In a statement released on Sunday December 13 by the SGF, it was gathered that the affected persons are asymptomatic and have been moved to a treatment centre. The Statement Read; “I would like to inform the general public that some members of my household tested positive for COVID-19 yesterday evening. “Although they are currently asymptomatic, they have been isolated and are receiving care in one of the government treatment centres. “My wife and I tested negative, but will remain in self-isolation and work from home according to protocols by the health authorities. “I would like to remind all Nigerians that COVID-19 is real. As the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced last week, we are recording an increase in cases across several states. “Please stay safe and protect yourself. Adhere to all public health and safety measures so that we do not lose the gains we have made in the fight against COVID-19. As a family, we covet your prayers. “Please Take Responsibility for yourself and to protect our country”  Source •Boss Mustapha Some members of the household  of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF Boss Mustapha have tested positive for COVID 19. The SGF disclosed this in a statement  he personally signed Sunday. Mustapha who is also the Chairman Chairman Presidential Task Force, PTF on Covid-19 said… December 14, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Monday said no fewer than 39,070 passengers, who arrived the country did not pay for coronavirus test. The Chairman of the PTF, Boss Mustapha, who indicated this at the PTF press conference in Abuja, also disclosed that some travellers presented fake documents on… November 24, 2020 In "News" A negative laboratory test result of COVID-19 patients is no longer required for such patients to be discharged, a Nigerian official has said. The Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Chikwe Ihekweazu, made this known at the daily Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 briefing on Thursday.… June 5, 2020 In "News"