President Donald Trump has continued to attack the President-elect of the United States of America, Joe Biden after taking to Twitter to call him fake President.  Trump took to Twitter on Saturday and said a young military man working in Afghanistan told him that elections in the country were better than the 2020 US presidential poll. In a series of tweets on Saturday, Trump described Joe Biden as a “fake President”. He alleged that the electoral process was corrupt and described the Supreme Court as totally incompetent. “If a Democrat presidential candidate had an election rigged and stolen, with proof of such acts at a level never seen before, the Democrat senators would consider it an act of war, and fight to the death. Mitch and the Republicans do nothing, just want to let it pass. No fight!” Trump wrote. “Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey and McCabe. Even the fake news ‪@nytimes‬ said ‘bad’. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election! “The US Supreme Court has been totally incompetent and weak on the massive election fraud that took place in the 2020 Presidential Election. We have absolute proof, but they don’t want to see it – No ‘standing’, they say. If we have corrupt elections, we have no country! “A young military man working in Afghanistan told me that elections in Afghanistan are far more secure and much better run than the USA’s 2020 Election. Ours, with its millions and millions of corrupt Mail-In Ballots, was the election of a third world country. Fake President!”  Source Early indications suggested Trump would win Georgia - but it's now looking very close. Why? The chart below shows how the vote share in narrowing as more mail-in votes are counted. Mail-in votes are thought to favour Biden - one theory being that Democrats are taking the pandemic more seriously… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" By Ken Bredemeier •President Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at Kellogg Arena, Dec. 18, 2019, in Battle Creek, Mich U.S. President Donald Trump was impeached by the House of Representatives Wednesday night, accused of abusing the power of the presidency to benefit himself politically and then obstructing congressional… December 19, 2019 In "Foreign" In a Democratic System of Government, the election is an essential process of choosing a leader or other representatives by popular vote.   One of such is the forthcoming Presidential election in the United States of America slated for November 3 where over 50 million voters will be deciding who… October 30, 2020 In "Foreign"