The International Criminal Court (ICC) will today hear the testimony of Nigerian Disc Jocky, DJ Switch concerning the killing of #EndSARS protesters by soldiers in October. She made the announcement via her official Instagram on Wednesday, December 16, and urged Nigerians not to give up hope. In her words; “Tomorrow 17th of December 2020, I will be speaking at the 19th assembly of states parties to the International Criminal Court. “I know we are all experiencing hardship one way or the other, I know it seems like no one cares enough for Nigeria and Africa to help us fight our oppressors. but this is the generation that does not take NO for an answer! So let me tell you straight up, it will take time… Maybe a long time.””So what do we have to lose that we already did not have? Security? Jobs? A working health system? What do we have to lose? Don’t give up! I told you… I’m not great at social media and updates but we are fighting seriously behind the scenes, something will definitely give.” A post shared by Switch (Artist/Dj/Activist) (@djswitch_) Source #EndSARS protesters, the Alliance for Survival of COVID-19 and Beyond, human rights groups and lawyers on Sunday warned the Federal Government against deploying troops to stop Nigerians campaigning for police reforms.   They warned the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), that such an action would backfire.   Campaigners, demanding… October 19, 2020 In "News" DJ Switch, popular Nigerian Disc Jockey and eye witness of the Lekki Tollgate shootings has been reportedly been granted asylum in Canada after leaving Nigeria over threats. On the 20th of October 2020, the world was left stunned as military men stormed the Lekki Toll Plaza to shoot at unarmed… November 10, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has accused Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, of mass murder following the shooting of EndSARS protesters at Lekki Toll Gate on 20 October 2020. In a statement made available to Sundiata Post on Wednesday, the former minister raised… October 28, 2020 In "News"