•The late Sam Nda-Isaiah ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – Activities marking the burial of the Chairman of LEADERSHIP Group, Mr. Sam Nda-Isaiah, have been announced by the family.The funeral events will start on Wednesday, 23 December. Nda-Isaiah, 58, died on Friday, December 11, after taking ill briefly. A statement by his brother, Mr. Abraham Nda-Isaiah, said dignitaries expected to participate in the events, which would commence on by 12 noon on Wednesday with virtual tributes, include former heads of state, General Ibrahim Babangida and General Abdulsalami Abubakar. The foremost traditional ruler in Niger State, Etsu Nupe, Dr. Yahaya Abubakar, is also expected to participate in the events. Nda-Isaiah held the traditional title of Kakaki Nupe, spokesperson of the Nupe people, among several other traditional titles. There were also strong indications on Sunday that the Presidency and Niger State (where the late Chairman comes from), would send strong delegations to the events. The statement by Mr. Abraham Nda-Isaiah said the virtual tribute for the late media mogul would start at 12noon on Wednesday. The Service of Songs will hold on Sunday, 27 December 2020 at the International Conference Centre (ICC) Abuja at 3pm. “He will be interred on Monday, December 28, 2020 at the Gudu Cemetery, Abuja at 10am in what would be an invitation-only ceremony,” Abraham said. Sam Nda-Isaiah, who was a pharmacist, entrepreneur, media mogul and an astute politician. His passing has drawn an outpouring of grief across the country and abroad. A statement from his family announcing the death penultimate Friday had said Sam Nda-Isaiah “was a family man, serial entrepreneur and visioner, passionate politician, and above all, a man of faith.” Although he trained as a pharmacist, “Sam”, as he was fondly called, adopted journalism as his profession and earned a mark for himself having founded the LEADERSHIP Newspaper titles, National Economy and AYAU, the first daily Hausa newspaper. He was also a founding member of the All Progressives Congress (APC), a political platform he contested for the presidential ticket in 2014. The media mogul is survived by his aged mother, wife, children and siblings. The Etsu Nupe and Chairman, Niger State Council of Traditional Rulers, Alhaji Yahaya Abubakar, has described the death of the publisher of Leadership newspaper, Mr Sam Nda-Isaiah as shocking and painful. Alhaji Abubakar who spoke in his Wadata Palace on Saturday expressed sadness over the sudden demise of a renowned… December 16, 2020 In "News" LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - All Progressives Congress National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has mourned the death of Leadership newspaper publisher, Mr. Sam Nda-Isaiah, who he described as a courageous and conscientious journalist and columnist.In an emotional statement issued by his Media Office and signed by Tunde Rahman, Asiwaju Tinubu said… December 12, 2020 In "News" Founder of the Leadership newspapers, Mr. Sam Nda-Isaiah, has bought the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential form. A statement by David Chinda of Sam for Nigeria Presidential Campaign Organization, said Nda-Isaiah paid the N27.5 million for the party’s expression of interest and nomination forms on Wednesday and will declare his… October 31, 2014 In "News"