Some members of the household  of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF Boss Mustapha have tested positive for COVID 19. The SGF disclosed this in a statement  he personally signed Sunday. Mustapha who is also the Chairman Chairman Presidential Task Force, PTF on Covid-19 said he has gone into self -isolation. He said, “My wife and I tested negative, but will remain in self-isolation and work from home according to protocols by the health authorities.” Mustapha’s statement reads thus: “I would like to inform the general public that some members of my household tested positive for COVID-19 yesterday evening. “Although they are currently asymptomatic, they have been isolated and are receiving care in one of the government treatment centres. “My wife and I tested negative, but will remain in self-isolation and work from home according to protocols by the health authorities. He urged Nigerians to remember  that COVID-19 is real.  “I would like to remind all Nigerians that COVID-19 is real. As the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced last week, we are recording an increase in cases across several states. “Please stay safe and protect yourself. Adhere to all public health and safety measures so that we do not lose the gains we have made in the fight against COVID-19. “As a family, we covet your prayers. “Please Take Responsibility for yourself and to protect our country!” The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Monday said no fewer than 39,070 passengers, who arrived the country did not pay for coronavirus test. The Chairman of the PTF, Boss Mustapha, who indicated this at the PTF press conference in Abuja, also disclosed that some travellers presented fake documents on… November 24, 2020 In "News" Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the control of Coronavirus and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, and the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, made public appearance yesterday. This was despite the order by President Muhammadu Buhari that all those who attended the burial… April 21, 2020 In "News" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 has revealed that 684 evacuees tested positive for COVID-19. This was revealed by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and chairman of the PTF, Mr Boss Mustapha, at the daily briefing of the Task Force… August 13, 2020 In "News"