A tragic incident occurred after a boat carrying 16 people collided with a container ship with three people reported dead and five missing.  A huge search and rescue mission is currently underway after the collision, which took place in the Yangtze River near to Shanghai on Sunday night, Dec 13. People’s Daily, China, reports that several people have been rescued as part of the operation but five others are still missing. The cargo ship reportedly sank in the Yangtze Estuary while approaching Shanghai late Sunday night or early Monday morning, December 14. The sank ship is believed to be the Chinese container ship XIN QI SHENG 69 which was travelling from Xiamen to Shanghai. Reports state the boat collided with another container ship called Oceana, this is yet to be confirmed by officials. The search and rescue operation continues for five missing people. The Oceana is 165 metres long, weighs 17,769 tonnes and carries 1285 containers with 19 crew members. It is currently anchored at the Yangtze River estuary, according to media reports. The search and rescue operation continues for five missing people. The Oceana is 165 metres long, weighs 17,769 tonnes and carries 1285 containers with 19 crew members. It is currently anchored at the Yangtze River estuary, according to media reports.  Source Paris- The French maritime police said on Sunday in Paris that their patrol ship rescued 217 migrants from three small boats that had run into trouble off the coast of Libya on Saturday night. It said two suspected people smugglers were also arrested, while the intercepted vessels have all been… May 3, 2015 In "Foreign" BEIJING - Rescuers have recovered most of the bodies of those who perished after a cruise ship sank in the Yangtze River, Chinese local media reported Saturday. The confirmed death toll rose to 396 after salvage workers using two large cranes righted the capsized vessel late Friday, the reported said.… June 6, 2015 In "Foreign" Mosul - Rescue teams were on Friday searching for dozens of people believed to have been missing and dead after a ferry sank the day before in Northern Iraq. At least 100 people were killed after the boat capsised in the Tigris River near the northern city of Mosul on Thursday,… March 22, 2019 In "Foreign"