An unidentified man has been killed by unknown armed-men in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital. The incident happened around 3:30 pm on Thursday, December 17, at Evo road, Government Reserved Area, GRA, Phase 2, Port Harcourt. It was gathered that the victim was driving in a Kia Optima car, with registration number KUJ-713 AR, Abuja plate number, when he was accosted and shot dead by the gunmen. The State Commissioner of Police, CP Joseph Mukan, who confirmed the development said the victim was trailed from a bank where he went to withdraw an undisclosed amount of money. “The criminals followed the victim from a bank where he went to withdraw money. While they were chasing him he lost control of the steering and ran into a ditch. The criminals met him there and killed him. They did not take the money he withdrew,” said Mukan. “There were two people in the car when the incident happened. The other person sustained injuries and he is receiving treatment. At the moment we have recovered the corpse of the victim and his car. We have commenced investigation to get the killers. We have gone to the bank to get footage of the outside the CCTV camera may have captured.” he added. Source Tension has enveloped Egunughan community in Abua/Odual Local Government Area, Rivers State, following the killing of a man identified as Siyammi Levi by gunmen. It was learnt Levi was ambushed on his way to fishing by the hoodlums, who cut off two of his legs and slit his throat. A… September 4, 2020 In "News" Yenagoa - Gunmen suspected to be armed robbers on Friday shot dead a middle-aged man identified as Emmanuel Omomo and carted away his money in Bayelsa State. It was gathered that the incident happened at 10am within the premises of a bank around the Sani Abacha Expressway in Yenagoa where… July 3, 2020 In "News" The Anti-Cultism unit of Rivers State Police command has arrested members of a kidnap gang who abducted, killed, and buried three students of University of Port Harcourt in a shallow grave at Etoo, Eleme Local Government Area of the state. One of the suspects, Friday Akpan, who spoke to newsmen… May 2, 2020 In "News"