A popular model on Instagram has died a painful death after failed butt surgery to make her bum bigger. According to Dailymail, Instagram model Joselyn Cano, dubbed the Mexican Kim Kardashian, died at the age of 29 after a botched butt-lift surgery in Colombia. The woman from Newport Beach, California, is reported to have died on December 7 and a livestream of what is believed to be her funeral was shared on Youtube this week, The Sun reports. Influencer Lira Mercer broke the news of the model’s death on Twitter yesterday, writing: ‘Omg Joselyn Cano died in Colombia getting surgery. That’s wild.’ Cano’s death is yet to be confirmed by her family but people have been taking to social media to share their condolences. Cano was a model, social media influencer, building a following of more than 12million, and a fashion designer. Her LinkedIn profile also states she studied Microbiology at San Diego State University. A three-hour livestream of what is believed to be her funeral was shown on Youtube, which saw loved ones paying their respects to the young woman in a casket beside a large picture of her. A short message on the stream read: ‘Joselyn entered this life on Wednesday, March 14, 1990. She entered into Eternal Life on Monday, December 07, 2020.’ While reports of her death still remain unconfirmed, her Instagram page, which is typically updated at least once a week has not been updated since December 7.  Taking to Twitter after the news of her death, one person wrote: ‘Rip Joselyn Cano so young and so beautiful.’ Another said: ‘What the fk? Joselyn cano died from getting a [Brazilian butt lift]? That st is crazy.’ For Brazilian butt lift procedures, fat is taken from various parts of the body and put with the buttocks. It has grown increasingly popular in the United States, becoming the fastest-growing type of plastic surgery, according to 2015 statistics from the American Society of Plastic Surgeons. The rate of buttock lift procedures rose 252 percent from 2000 to 2015. The total went from 1,356 to 4,767 procedures over the course of that time. Injecting fat into the butt can lead to problems if done improperly, including fat embolism – which is when fat enters the bloodstream and blocks a blood vessel. The estimated death rate for BBL is 1 in 3000, according to PlasticSurgery.org.  Source Since body enhancement became a serious business in the society, Nigerian celebrities have invested in it in order to look better. Here is a list of celebrities who had plastic surgery as compiled by PM News: Bobrisky 1. Bobrisky Self-acclaimed Nigerian male barbie Bobrisky aka baddest has not been quiet about having plastic… December 13, 2019 In "Entertainment" A woman desperate for a shapely bottom was left in agony and with a deformed bum after her implants rotated inside of her, according to  Jabrena, from Georgia in the US, had implants put in to try and get away from her 'beanpole' physique, but the results were not what she… December 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Businesswoman, Judith Omonua, popularly known as Ghunu, has died after battling a heart condition for years which led to heart failure. Her sister revealed that she was supposed to undergo a heart pace maker surgery abroad but due to the lockdown, she couldn't travel for the surgery. Judith, 24, is… April 29, 2020 In "News"