Prof Bayonile Ademodi, the Ondo State Commissioner for Regional Integration, is dead, The PUNCH reports.  Though details of the death had not been revealed as at the time of filing this report on Saturday night, it was gathered that the commissioner passed away on Saturday at the age of 68. His death was confirmed by the state Commissioner for Information and Orientation , Mr Doland Ojogo, on Saturday, in Akure, the state capital Ojogo simply said, “It (news of his death) was received with great shock and disbelief.” His death was also confirmed by a former Caretaker Chairman of Ondo East Local Government Area, Wale Akinlosotu Akinlosotu described Ademodi as a great leader and a bridge builder who was loved by the young and the old. Our correspondent gathered that the late commissioner had been complaining of back pain for some time now. The pain was said to have forced him to be using a walking stick before he was advised to do what our source described as “corrective surgery.” The source said, “He had issues with his back. Sometime ago, he complained about severe pains. This forced him to start using a walking stick. However, I think the pains were much and he was later advised to go for surgery. Unfortunately, though the surgery was successful, he later died at Ile Ife, where the surgery took place and where he was working before his appointment as a commisisoner.” By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has commiserated with his predecessor, Dr Olusegun Mimiko, over the demise of his mother, Alhaja Muyinat Mimiko. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Alhaja Mimiko died in the early hours on Saturday in her hometown, Ondo at… December 14, 2019 In "News" Ondo State Government has explained how it uncovered N4.3bn kept in a secret account for more than 10 years. It was gathered that the money was lodged in a third generation bank without due process over 10 years ago and a consultant was hired to retrieve the money. Ondo Commissioner… May 14, 2020 In "News" Ondo State has recorded another case of the deadly coronavirus disease as a corps member, whose identity has not been revealed has contracted the disease. It was gathered that the corps member was a medical doctor, having his primary assignment, at the 32 Artillery Brigade, Owena Cantonment, and reportedly had… April 14, 2020 In "Health"