By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The Senate has confirmed eight nominees to the Governing Council of the Hydroelectric Power Producing Areas Development Commission (HYPADEC). The nominees were confirmed by the upper chamber after consideration of a report of the Senate Committee on Power. Those confirmed include: Hon Ityav Joseph Tarfa (Benue), Chairman; Mal. Abubakar Sadiq Ahmed Yelwa (Kebbi), Managing Director; Alh. Isa Ozi Salami (Kogi), Member; Engr. Taoheed Daud Toyin (Kwara), Member; Hon. Mikail Al-Amin Bmitosahi (Niger), Member; Dr. Saleh Mohammed Galadima Kanam (Plateau), Member; Engr. Aminu Mohamed Ganda (Sokoto), Member; and Chief (Barr.) Utum Ubi Eteng (Cross River), Member. Chairman of the Committee, Gabriel Suswam (PDP – Benue North East), in his presentation, recalled that the nominations were made by President Muhammadu Buhari pursuant to Section 3(1) of the Hydroelectric Power Producing Areas Development Commission (Establishment) Act, 2018, as amended. He added that the Committee during screening of the nominees found them to be qualified and experienced to be appointed as Chairman, Managing Director and Members of the Governing Council of HYPADEC. The lawmaker, however, disclosed that the Committee received a petition against the Kogi and Kwara States nominees from “Concerned Stakeholders of HYPADEC Communities.”According to him, “after careful consideration of the petition, the Committee found it to be baseless and of no consequence to the confirmation of the nominees.”He added that, “also a letter of recommendation was received from His Royal Highness, the Oba of Jebba supporting the nomination of the Kwara State nominee.” President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday urged the Senate to screen and confirm Prof. Mahmood Yakubu as the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for a second and final term in office. The President also urged the Upper Chamber to confirm his nominees for the chairmanship and membership of… November 25, 2020 In "News" …Forwards Buhari’s request for confirmation of INEC chair, others to relevant Committees By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday confirmed the appointments of seven nominees to the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission. This was just as the Upper Chamber rejected Mrs. Yinka Osoba Akpata as Executive Commissioner… November 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - The Senate has mandated its Committee on Legislative Compliance to investigate reasons for delay in the take off of Hydro Electric Power Producing Areas Development Commission (HYPADEC), nine years since the act was passed into law. The committee is to also investigate the utililisation or… November 28, 2019 In "News"