ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – Nemesis has caught up with a 35 years old human trafficking kingpin, Comfort Innocent, who was apprehended by men of the Nigeria Police Force, Ogun State Command. The suspect was apprehended last Thursday, over the abduction and trafficking of two under-aged girls. It was gathered that her arrest followed a report by one Oluwaseun Aduratola and Sakirat Fasasi both residents of Siun Town in Obafemi Owode Local Government Area of the state who reported at Owode Egba Police station that the suspect abducted their daughters namely Blessing Aduratola 15 and Hasisat Fasasi 16. They further explained that the suspect who is an alleged notorious human trafficker was about taking the two girls to Lybia where they will be forced into prostitution. On the strength of the report, the Divisional Police Officer, Owode Egba Division, CSP Mathew Ediae quickly swung into action with his detectives, and through intelligence-driven investigation, they succeeded in arresting the suspect. On interrogation, the suspect confessed been a human trafficker and that she had been into the business for a long time. Also, she confessed further that her husband is based in Italy while she stays in Nigeria recruiting and sending young girls to her husband in Italy enroute to Lybia where they will be using them for prostitution. Concerning both girls she recently abducted, she confessed that they had been taken to Kaduna State from where they will be transported to Lybia. Both victims have since been rescued from Kaduna by the Police. Meanwhile, the commissioner of Police CP Edward Awolowo Ajogun has ordered the immediate transfer of the suspect to the anti-human trafficking and child labour unit of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department for further investigation. The CP also appealed to parents to always be mindful of their children’s well-being especially the female ones in order to save them from wolves in human skin. Source By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta - A 44-year-old pastor at Ogo Oluwa Parish of the Christ Apostolic Church in Owode-Egbado, Ogun, has been arrested by the police for raping his own biological daughter. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, said this in a statement on… July 7, 2020 In "News" Lagos - The Lagos State Government on Friday night apprehended a suspected human trafficker, who identified herself as Ganiat Ajijola, 35, at Abule-Egba area of the state. Mr Femi Malik, an official of the state Ministry of Women Affairs and Poverty Alleviation, who made this known to the News Agency… January 9, 2016 In "News" The Police have arrested a – 44 – year old Pastor of the Christ Apostolic Church(CAC), Ogo Oluwa parish, Oluwafemi Oyebola, for allegedly raping his biological daughter routinely. Oyebola was arrested following a complaint by his 24 – year-old daughter, who asked to remain anonymous. The girl reported at the… July 7, 2020 In "News"