LAGOS – Countdown has commenced for the 2020 ITREALMS e-Waste Dialogue slated for Thursday, December 17, 2020 by 9am at the prestigious Welcome Center Hotels, along international airport road, Lagos. The dialogue had earlier received backing from the stakeholders in the digital space, including the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Association of Licensed Telecom Operations of Nigeria (ALTON) and Internet Exchange Point of Nigeria (IXPN) to name a few. The theme for 2020 Electronic Waste (e-Waste) dialogue, according to the Editor-in-chief of ITREALMS Media, Mr. Remmy Nweke, is “e-Waste in Nigeria: Challenges and Opportunities.” Nweke who doubles as the Lead Consulting Strategist of ITREALMS Media inc, said high level experts have been assembled from the nation’s telecom, the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), its counterpart at the National Environmental Standards and Regulations Enforcement Agency (NESREA), Ministry of Environment and Association of Licensed Telecom Operators of Nigeria (ALTON) among others are gearing up for the event this year. He also urged intending participants to come and learn for free how to preserve and dispose of their used electrical and electronics as well as the opportunities therein. Further, he noted that 2020 ITREALMS e-Waste Dialogue has backings of notable stakeholders including but not limited to telecom regulator, the NCC, industry umbrella body of telecom operators, ALTON and regulators of the environment. Equally, he said that contemporary issues of interest have been mapped out for dissection by relevant stakeholders. ITREALMS Media, he said, resolved to host the 2020 e-Waste dialogue with assemblage of experts to analyze the Nigeria’s affliction with concerns to the waste associated with the electrical and electronic equipment coming originating from the likes of mobile phones, computers, TV-sets, and fridges to name but a few. The burden, he said is estimated at 1.1 million tonnes of e-waste annually arising from both local and imported Electrical and Electronic Equipment (EEE) which should worry any average stakeholder in a developing economy like Nigeria, among others. As said by him, ITREALMS e-Waste Dialogue aligns with the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) organized “Internet Waste Dialogue,” in commemoration of the International eWaste Day (IeWD), held annually. Nweke urged industry stakeholders to leverage ITREALMS e-Waste Dialogue by participating actively he disclosed it would be held face-to-face in compliance with COVID-19 protocol, where as there are plans to concurrently host the event virtually here. LAGOS - The 2020 ITREALMS e-Waste Dialogue has received backing from the stakeholders in the digital space, including the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Association of Licensed Telecom Operations of Nigeria (ALTON) and Internet Exchange Point of Nigeria (IXPN) to name a few. The 2020 Electronic Waste (e-Waste) dialogue is being… December 12, 2020 In "News" (Sundiata Post) -- The duo of a first class electronics and telecommunications engineer, Dr. Kenneth Okereafor, and the chief executive officer, Wisdom Computer Technology, Mr. Francis Uzor, have joined the growing selected speakers faculty, at the 2018 Nigeria DigitalSENSE Forum series on Internet Governance for Development (IG4D) and Nigeria IPv6… June 5, 2018 In "Business" •Mr. Remmy Nweke, Editor-in-chief, ITREALMS Online LAGOS - All is set for the first virtual meeting on the Internet Protocol version Six (IPv6) on Saturday to be hosted by ITREALMS Online, a multiple international award-winning medium, with specialty on coverage of business of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) sector. The… June 5, 2020 In "News"