A former governor of Ekiti state, Ayodele Fayose, has blasted Nigeria’s number one man, President Muhammadu Buhari.  The ex governor says President Muhammadu Buhari does not have regard for the legislature and judiciary. Reacting to Buhari’s failure to honour the house of representatives summon over the rising insecurity in the country, Fayose asked: “how else do you describe a dictator?” On December 1, the lower legislative chamber of the national assembly had passed a resolution asking the president to appear before it. After meeting with the president at Aso Rock, Femi Gbajabiamila, speaker of the house of representatives, had announced that Buhari had agreed to meet with the lawmakers. Thursday was fixed for the meeting and the president was expected to address a joint session of the national assembly. But on Wednesday, Abubakar Malami, attorney-general of the federation (AGF), said the national assembly does not have the power to summon Buhari. In a series of tweets on Thursday, Fayose, a strong critic of the president, said he knew and said it that Buhari would not honour the summon. He said Nigerians were misled to have elected Buhari. “I said it on December 1, that President Buhari won’t honour the House of Reps invitation on the worsened security situation in the country. Truly he didn’t. With a democratically elected President who does not have regard for other arms of govt,- how else do you describe a dictator,” Fayose wrote. “Before and after 2015, those of you who were opposed to my views on the Buhari’s Presidency then cannot but agree today that Nigerians were misled to have elected him. Methinks they should publicly apologize for misleading Nigerians just like others have been doing.”  Source Prominent Senior Advocates of Nigeria and the opposition Peoples Democratic Party members, on Wednesday, faulted the claim by the Attorney-General of the Federation and the Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, SAN, that the National Assembly had no powers to summon the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) over the rising… December 10, 2020 In "Politics" Abubakar Malami (SAN), The Attorney-General of the Federation, says the National Assembly does not have the power to invite President Muhammadu Buhari to speak on security matters. Malami, who is also the Minister of Justice, said this in a statement titled, ‘Buhari’s Summon: NASS Operates Outside Constitutional Bounds’ on Wednesday.… December 9, 2020 In "Politics" By Owei Lakemfa These are interesting times to live in Nigeria. Senate President, Bukola Saraki and his Deputy, Ike Ekweremadu are hurled before the courts on criminal charges of allegedly forging the Senate Standing Rules 2015. It  raises intriguing questions; can the Senate forge its own rules? Which body but… June 27, 2016 In "Opinion"