Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Vice President Mike Pence has been accused of undertipping after his alleged receipt was shared on social media. A Twitter user claimed that the Republican politician had only tipped a few dollars after a visit to a cafe. Sachin Chheda tweeted a picture of the unverified receipt and said: “Here’s the character of these people. “A friend’s friend works at a restaurant that served @Mike_Pence at lunch today. He tipped $5 on $45 bill. “This is who these people are. Remember that, always.” He later added: “The issue here is that he should be shamed for undertipping.” The vice president allegedly ordered two chipotle chicken sandwiches, ginger ale and two hot chocolates. In another reply, Chheda said: “The minimum wage for servers is $8-something in Beaver Creek, where this restaurant is. “…Any good person would have tipped at least $9-$10 on this bill. That’s what this is about.” Twitter users reacted to the viral claim, with one working out what they believe Pence should have tipped. Some were also angry due to the impact of the pandemic of the hospitality industry. Others agreed that the alleged actions demonstrate the true character of a tipper. A few claimed it showed inherent problems with the tipping system. However, some social media users defended Pence’s alleged tip for the meal. By Jonathan Allen NEW YORK - Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump introduced Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate on Saturday, describing the Indiana governor as a job creator and budget balancer who will help unify the party. In a bid to broaden his appeal to a fractured… July 16, 2016 In "Foreign" Washington  -U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and his wife Karen have tested negative for COVID-19 after President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania contracted the disease, an official spokesman said on Friday. Pence’s press secretary Devin O’Malley said this via Twitter on Friday. “As has been routine for months, Pence… October 2, 2020 In "Foreign" By Emily Stephenson and Steve Holland NEW YORK/WASHINGTON  - President-elect Donald Trump shuffled his transition team again on Tuesday, jettisoning a national security expert and lobbyists from his inner circle as he closed in on naming two loyal Wall Street backers to key economic positions. Trump, a Republican outsider who… November 16, 2016 In "Foreign"