Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has asked Nigerians to pray more ahead of the new year. He believes that through prayer and more hard work, the situation of the country can be turned around. The former president gave the admonition on Wednesday while speaking to journalists in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. He also urged Nigerians to be grateful to God despite the current insecurity, socio-economic and political challenges slowing down the growth and progress of the country. “In all things, we must give thanks. This year 2020 has been a year of challenge for the whole world, particularly for us in Nigerians. “We have gone from one form of insecurity to another. From insecurity to bad economy. On top of all that, we have COVID-19 and I believe we have to work hard as we pray hard, so that in this coming year 2021 can be a glorious year for us,” the former President said. He, however, noted that Nigerians should not blame God for the situation but rather themselves, because they have a choice to do what is right. “It will not happen unless we work to make it happen. We do not have to blame God for our situation. We have to blame ourselves. “Nigeria does not have to be poor and no Nigerian has to go to bed hungry. That we have a situation like that is the choice of our leaders and the followers alike. So, my prayer is that God will make 2021 a better year.” Channels TV Former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Tuesday said the country was not doing the right thing to improve its poor economy and tackle poverty. The former president, who said this in his New Year message at the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library, Abeokuta, Ogun State, cautioned Nigerian leaders to stop blaming God… December 30, 2020 In "Politics" •Ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo ABEOKUTA – Former Nigerian President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo on Friday called for the reorganisation of the nation’s security architecture, saying that this is will make the country to overcome her security challenges. Obasanjo, who said this in a lecture he delivered at the 2020 Sobo Sowemimo Annual… June 26, 2020 In "News" Obasanjo Gives Condition for Supporting Presidential Candidate A former President, Olusegun Obasanjo, has given condition for support any presidential candidate for 2019 general election.   Chief Obasanjo made this known on Thursday while playing host to a presidential aspirant, Kabiru Turaki, at the his residence located inside the Olusegun Obasanjo… July 27, 2018 In "News"