President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated with former Director General of Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dakuku Peterside, on his December 31, 2020 50th birthday. The president, in a congratulatory message issued by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Wednesday, joined family and friends to celebrate ”the milestone, already lined with lofty achievements, particularly in nation building.” He rejoiced with the former federal lawmaker, who equally served Rivers as a public servant in many capacities, and had consistently taken up every responsibility with quintessential grace. Buhari lauded Peterside for using his wealth of knowledge to reform public institutions for greater efficiency. He noted Peterside’s interest in leadership and politics at an early age when he was still a student, and how through diligence and loyalty he has risen to recognition at both state and national levels. He, therefore, urged him to follow his passion of serving the nation and inspiring younger generation to take more interest in governance. The president also extolled his commitment to learning and sharing knowledge as a consultant to many private and public institutions in the oil and gas industry. Buhari prayed that the almighty God would grant Peterside good health, strength and more wisdom to keep serving the country and humanity. Source: citybusinessnews.com •The late Mallam Abba kyari The immediate past Director-General of the Nigeria Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr. Dakuku Peterside has described the death of the Chief of Staff, State House, Abuja, Mr. Abba Kyari as a big blow to President Muhammadu Buhari and indeed, all those who knew… April 18, 2020 In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The Rivers State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has described the victory of the party’s gubernatorial candidate, Dr. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"]Dakuku Peterside, as a forgone conclusion.    The State Party Chairman, Dr. Davies Ikanya, made the declaration while commenting on the unprecedented crowd that… February 11, 2015 In "News" A former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has expressed displeasure following the non-renewal of Dr. Dakuku Peterside's tenure and his replacement by Bashir Jamoh as the Director-General of NIMASA. The appointment of Jamor was announced today by Buhari's aide, Femi Adesina. FFK while showing displeasure at the news, revealed that… March 5, 2020 In "News"