The killing of a monarch in Enugu state has led to the destruction of houses and vehicles in the area.  On Sunday, youths of the area protested the killing of the traditional ruler of Oruku Community in Nkanu East local government area, Igwe Emmanuel Chidiebere Mba after he was reportedly shot dead. The PUNCH gathered that the traditional ruler was shot dead while he was addressing members of his community at Oruku Town Hall. Sources told our correspondent on Sunday morning that the policemen, who were on mufti, wielding AK-47 rifles, had invaded the venue of the meeting in an SUV and a Sienna bus about 2 pm on December 26, 2020. “The traditional ruler was presiding over the meeting and the three natives pointed at him, immediately one of the policemen shot him on the thigh and he fell down bleeding. There was confusion after the royal father was shot. Everybody in the hall ran for safety,” one of the sources said. It was learnt that the royal father, who was elected by his community on December 26, 2019, reportedly bled to death before he could get medical attention. His corpse was deposited at the National Orthopedic Hospital mortuary. As a result of the incident, some aggrieved members of Oruku community regrouped Saturday evening and attacked the homes of some members of the community. More than four houses and some vehicles were reportedly set ablaze by the mob. Efforts to reach Enugu Police Public Relations Officer, Daniel Ndukwe, proved abortive as he did not pick his call. He also had yet to respond to a text message sent to him on the development. Source Enugu-The Enugu State Police Command has apprehended one of the suspected killers of a traditional ruler in the state, Peter Onuoha of Nkerefi in the Nkanu East Local Government Area of the state. A statement signed by the command’s spokesman, Mr Ebere Amarizu, said the suspect was arrested at Ebu… July 31, 2015 In "News" •Monarch, subjects lay curse on criminals operating in Okpanam tomorrow Abuja -  Hundred of residents of Okpanam community, Oshimili North Local Government Area, Delta State, have escaped from the community, following the worsening  insecurity, which culminated in the killing of the chairman and Secretary of the town’s Vigilante Group, Emeka… May 11, 2020 In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Enugu State Police Command has launched a manhunt for the abductors of  the traditional ruler of Obom, Agbogugu Community in the Awgu Local Government Area of the state. Igwe Sunday Orji was abducted on Aug. 1, in the latest high-profile crime in Enugu State,… August 5, 2019 In "Metro"