Channels TelevisionLIVE TVCHANNELS RADIOPODCASTS 774,00 Jobs: Reps Halt Implementation Of FG’s Special Public Works ProgrammeChannels TelevisionUpdated December 15, 2020 Lawmakers during plenary at the House of Representatives chamber in Abuja (File Photo) House of Representatives has passed a resolution mandating the Minister Of State For Labour Festus Keyamo (SAN), to stay action on the planned January 2021 implementation of the Special Public Works Programme of the Federal Government. The reps passed the resolution on Tuesday, saying the programme will not be implemented until a comprehensive list of beneficiaries from the Nigerian directorate of employment is made available. Under the programme, 774,000 people are expected to be recruited by the Federal Government, with the sum of N52 billion, earmarked in the 2020 budget. 1,000 persons are to be employed from each of the 774 Local Government Areas in the country, for the programme which is said to be a post-COVID-19 poverty alleviation initiative, approved by President Muhammadu Buhari. As of July when the program had initially been billed to commence on October 1, the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, said each beneficiary is expected to be paid N20,000 monthly. Read Also: Senators Lament Over Increased Insecurity, Call For Removal Of Service Chiefs Meanwhile, the House on Tuesday also condemned the removal of the Director-General of the National Directorate of Employment (NDE) and calling for his immediate reinstatement. Before his removal, the NDE DG had publicly claimed that the agency had not been carried along by the Minister of State over the implementation of the programme. The motion was moved by representative Olajide Olatunbosun. According to the House, the president was ill-advised to sack the DG who was simply insisting on following the right procedures. Source By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the House of Representatives have rejected the 30 job slots allotted to each member of the green chambers from the 774,000 public jobs scheme of the Federal Government. The caucus stated this in a statement by… August 18, 2020 In "Politics" The wrangling over the 774,000 public works jobs initiated by the Federal Government might have been resolved with slots allocated to lawmakers. Besides Senators and House of Representatives members, governors and ministers will also make nominations. The process of recruitment which the National Assembly tried to halt, after a clash… August 17, 2020 In "News" By Taiye Agbaje Abuja -   The House of Representatives has commenced a move to forestall the resurgence of youth restiveness in Etim Ekpo and Ukanafun Local Government Areas of Akwa Ibom State. In a resolution passed by the lawmakers, the House called  on the Presidential Amnesty Programme Office to absorb the… November 15, 2018 In "Politics"