ABUJA – The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) on Wednesday “conditionally” suspended its strike, ending a protracted industrial action that started since March 2020. The union said the suspension of the strike takes effect from Thursday, December 24th, 2020. ASUU national president, Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi made the announcement during a briefing of the union in Abuja, explaining that the development followed the agreement reached with the Federal Government and a meeting with its National Executive Council (NEC). While warning that the union would return to strike without notice if the government fails in meeting its part of the agreement reached with the university lecturers, Ogunyemi noted that the reopening of the schools, considering the COVID-19 pandemic, lies with the Federal Government and Senate. Professor Ogunyemi thanked students and their parents for their understanding throughout the nine-month period and said: “no amount of sacrifice would be too much to get the matter resolved as long as the government is consistent with its commitments.” (CHANNELS TV) THE Academic Staff Union of Universities has spent 1,500 days or 4.09 years on strike since the return to democracy in1999, findings by this newspaper suggest. This implies that about 19.5 per cent of every academic year is spent on strike. According to the Tertiary Education Trust Fund, about 94… December 11, 2020 In "Education" ASUU Strike Supsended 2017: Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU has announced a conditional suspension of its one month, six-day strike. The Union further directed all lecturers of affiliated Universities to resume academic activities from Tuesday, 19th September, 2017. ASUU Suspends Strike, Union Directs Lecturers to Resume The ASUU President,… September 19, 2017 In "Education" By Chinyere Nwachukwu Lagos - Education stakeholders have continued to react to the suspension of the three-month strike  by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that ASUU embarked on strike on Nov. 4, 2018, demanding revitalisation of universities, Academic Earned Allowance and… February 9, 2019 In "News"