A controversial statement by Ango Abdullahi, Chairman of the Northern Elders Forum has gotten a reply from the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB.  Nnamdi Kanu, while reacting to Abdullahi’s accusation that the South East perpetrated the most violence against Northerners in other parts of the country during #EndSARS, wondered where he got his information. Kanu also wondered who was more terror inclined between the South East and the North. Kanu, who spoke through the spokesman of IPOB, Emma Powerful said Boko Haram, ISWAP, killer Fulani herdsmen, Ansaru, ISIS, and bandits are terror groups domiciled in the North. A statement by Powerful reads partly: “The attention of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), ably led by our great leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has been drawn to the unguarded and highly provocative utterance made by one Alhaji Ango Abdullahi and his tribalistic Northern Elders Forum, NEF, that the Igbo are the worst perpetrators of violence against Northerners in every part of Nigerian. “But for our concern for the average Igbo and indeed Biafrans who have been betrayed by their so-called political leaders and socio-cultural group leaders like Ohanaeze, we wouldn’t have bothered to dignify the gibberish with a response. “May we, therefore, ask Alhaji Ango Abdullahi and his co-travelers: Between the Igbo and Fulani jihadists, who are terror inclined? Who among the two tribes have violence, terrorism and killing without provocation in their DNA? “Which of the two tribes habour and have sympathy for the six most dangerous terrorist groups in the world – Boko Haram, Fulani killer herdsmen, Ansaru, ISWAP, ISIS, bandits ? Are the Igbo the perpetrators of the daily carnage and pogrom committed by these vampires in the North? “Were the Igbo behind the burning of car shops in Abuja and the looting of Igbo businesses in Lagos during the #EndSARS protests? “ Source •IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu  OWERRI - Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is presently enraged by the comment of the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) to extend its vigilante outfit to other parts of the country, warning that if implemented, will lead… August 2, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Jude Owuamanam, Managing Editor Northern Operations ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has said that only the conduct of a referendum to determine the position of the people of the South East can end the agitation for a seccession by… July 3, 2017 In "Top Stories" •IPOB leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu By Pamela Eboh AWKA - Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has spoken on his recent interaction with the United Nations, disclosing that he presented issues concerning the agitation for the sovereign state of Biafra during a series of meetings he… September 19, 2019 In "Top Stories"