ABUJA – The Publisher, Leadership Newspapers, Sam Nda Isaiah, has died. He was aged 58 years. Reports reaching The Boss say the leading political columnist, pharmacist, entrepreneur and journalist, may have died from complications arising from COVID-19. He reportedly died at the Gwagwalada Isolation Centre. “Nda-Isaiah was born in Minna, Nigeria. He attended UNA Elementary School before switching to Christ Church School, Kaduna in 1968. He later went on to study at Federal Government College, Kaduna, from 1974 to 1979. After graduating, he was admitted to Obafemi Awolowo University and studied pharmaceuticals. At that time, he participated in the Kaduna State Schools Challenge, a quiz organised by the Kaduna Education Board, and won first prize. He also enrolled in the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy at the National University of Singapore. He completed a mandatory year of the National Youth Service Corps at the Ekiti General Hospital and the Ekiti State Hospital in 1984. “Nda-Isaiah briefly worked as a pharmacist at the Kano Specialist Hospital before moving to General Hospital, Minna. He worked at Pfizer Products Limited from 1985 to 1989. He began his columnist work with The Daily Trust Editorial Board as a board member and worked as a committee member in the Kano State Government to revive The Triumph, a Kano owned newspaper. In 2003, he headed Mohammadu Buhari’s presidential campaign publicities. “He was a member of the Asian think-tank, the Global Institute for Tomorrow in Hong Kong. In 2019 he was appointed board member of the Baze University,” according to Wikipedia May his rest in peace! A presidential aspirant on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, Sam Nda-Isaiah, said on Monday that the outcome of the Osun State governorship election held on Saturday demystified the might of Peoples Democratic Party. The APC chief, who is also the publisher of the LEADERSHIP newspaper, said the APC… August 12, 2014 In "Politics" By Maureen Okon Abuja -  Dr Sam Nda-Isaiah, Publisher Leadership Group of Newspaper, has urged government at all levels to develop the arts and craft sector as a source of foreign exchange earner for the country. He said this at the opening of the 11th International Arts and Crafts Expo… November 19, 2018 In "News" Founder of the Leadership newspapers, Mr. Sam Nda-Isaiah, has bought the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential form. A statement by David Chinda of Sam for Nigeria Presidential Campaign Organization, said Nda-Isaiah paid the N27.5 million for the party’s expression of interest and nomination forms on Wednesday and will declare his… October 31, 2014 In "News"