The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, has reiterated his commitment to conducting the business and operations of the corporation in a transparent manner, with a view to placing it on the path of profitability. Kyari made the pledge at the ECOA-Africa fellowship investiture ceremony where he was honoured with the honourary fellowship award of the Ethics and Compliance Officers Association (ECOA). A statement by the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, stated that the NNPC GMD was among other prominent leaders honoured in recognition of, according to the national oil company, their commitment and promotion of ethical leadership. In his acceptance speech, the NNPC boss who was represented by the Group General Manager, Governance, Risk & Compliance, Mr. Chris Akamiro, stated that since he assumed office, he had taken calculated steps to ensure more openness in the activities of the corporation. “I want to assure you that NNPC under my leadership, will continue to be transparent in its operations, render complete and timely financial statements to all stakeholders and be repositioned for profitability for the benefit of over 200 million Nigerians,” he said. Kyari expressed gratitude to ECOA-Africa for the recognition and urged leaders not to shy away from the increasing demand by stakeholders for stewardship accounting. “We must all embrace this sweeping call for accountability in the use of resources entrusted to leaders. It is for this reason that the top management of NNPC, under my leadership, launched the Transparency, Accountability and Performance Excellence (TAPE) agenda,” he added. The GMD listed some of the successes recorded under the TAPE agenda to include the publication of the 2018 and 2019 NNPC Audited Financial Statements (AFS). He maintained that though the corporation earned a few knocks by the move, it also brought a lot of commendations and encouragement for its leadership to do better in the coming years. Speaking on reasons for the award, President and Chairman of ECOA-Africa’s Council, Prof. Bassey Ubom, said the GMD was selected for the award in recognition of his compliance to ethics and good leadership, adding that the corporation has seen positive changes under his watch. Source The House of Representatives Joint Committees on Petroleum (Upstream, Downstream and Gas) have applauded the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for breaking new grounds in its commitment to transparency and accountability. Chairman of the Joint Committees, Hon. Musa Sarki Adar, gave the commendation at a 2021 Budget Defense hearing, which… November 28, 2020 In "News" The House of Representatives Committee on Gas Resources has applauded the Mallam Mele Kyari-led Management team of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for its achievements in the areas of gas infrastructure development, gas supply obligations for the domestic market and the NLNG Train 7 Project. A press release by… October 31, 2020 In "News" The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiatives (EITI), a multi-stakeholder coalition that promotes extractives transparency and accountability in over 50 countries, has commended the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mallam Mele Kyari, for honouring his commitment to promote and deepen the culture of transparency and accountability in… November 2, 2020 In "News"