Former Nigerian Federal lawmaker, Senator Shehu Sani has slammed a Channels TV reporter Pius Angbo who allegedly assaulted his wife.  Recall that Angbo’s wife Ifeyinwa Angbo had called him out for assaulting her. However, the Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom got the couple to settle their differences on Monday. Reacting in a tweet on Tuesday, Sani commended Ortom for the reconciliation effort, he however advised couples not to toe the path of domestic violence. The former Kaduna legislator wrote, “That was just one-off commendable peace parley. Please, don’t start beating your spouse and rushing to Makurdi for reconciliation.” Meanwhile, Channels TV has not concluded its investigation in the allegations made against its employee. “Channels Television does not condone violence against women or anyone in general. “The domestic violence matter reported against one of our reporters is being investigated and appropriate action will be taken,” the broadcaster tweeted on Sunday. That was just one off commendable peace parley.Please,Don’t start beating your spouse and rushing to Makurdi for reconciliation. Source The medical doctor, Ifeanyinwa Angbo who called out her husband, Pius Angbo, the Channels Television reporter on Sunday, November 6 for physically assaulting her just four weeks after giving birth has reconciled with him. Recall that Ifeanyinwa Angbo had alleged that her husband brutalised her after she advised him to… December 8, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Comrade Senator Shehu Sani has raised alarm that the ruling All Progressives Congress is like a "bomb waiting to explode" or at best, "a keg of gun-powder".   The Senator representing Kaduna Central at the Red Chamber, informed that the Lagos All Progressives… March 8, 2018 In "Local News" •The gladiators. Photo: The Nation. Voters in parts of Kano, Sokoto, Plateau, Benue and Bauchi are heading back to the polling centres today eager to end days of apprehension caused by the March 9 inconclusive governorship and state assembly elections. Although, the elections will take place in only a few… March 23, 2019 In "News"