Prof. Habu Galadima, the Director-General of the National Institute of Policy and Strategic Studies, Kuru in Plateau state, has died.  According to The PUNCH, a member of the Directing Staff of the institute confirmed the Director General’s death in Jos on Sunday. The staff said, “The news of his death is true. He went to Abuja for a programme only for us to hear on Sunday morning that he has passed on. We don’t know what really happened.” A statement signed by NIPSS Secretary/Director of Administration, Brid Gen CFJ Udaya (retd.), also confirmed Galadima’s death. It said ”On behalf of the Board of Governors, Management and staff of the National Institute, we regret to announce the sudden demise of the Director General/CEO of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies NIPSS, Prof Habu Shuaibu Galadima which occurred this morning 20th December, 2020 after a brief illness. “He will be buried according to Islamic rites.” Galadima’s death came barely one year after assuming office as the Director-General of NIPSS in August 2019. Source By Muhammad Nur Tijani Kano - Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State on Friday commended the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, Plateau, for training technocrats who have initiated policies that have placed Nigeria on the path of development.Ganguje gave the commendation in a statement by Mr… June 19, 2020 In "Politics" By Kate Obande-Okewu Abuja -  The National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, and the National Organising Secretaries of various Political Parties on Wednesday urged electorate and politicians to shun vote buying in the forthcoming elections. They also called for the regulation of money spending in election process… October 31, 2018 In "Politics" Abuja - The FCT Administration will strive to achieve all set goals in the development of the Federal Capital Territory in line with the vision of President Muhammadu Buhari-led Administration. The FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, gave this assurance on Thursday while receiving the participants of Course 38 of the… April 21, 2016 In "News"