Nollywood actress, Stella Damasus, took to Instagram to disclose that the strength of friendship shouldn’t be determined by social media.  Damascus said a lot of time, an individual might not post their friends special days on their platform, but that doesn’t mean that they do not mean well for them. She also mentioned that good relationships, should never be taken for granted as they are scarce to come by. Her Words; “Don’t take good relationships for granted. Don’t take people for granted. You may not communicate everyday but don’t take them for granted. Social media should never determine the strength of your friendship. If you were true friends, NOT following or posting should never be the very thing to destroy it. There is a difference between social media friends and true friends. Some ppl can’t tell the difference anymore. “She didn’t post my birthday on her page but she posted the other person’s own, that’s it. I am done with her, now i know those who truly love me.” Maturity goes beyond social media. Let love lead.” A post shared by Stella Damasus (@stelladamasus) Source •Nollywood actresses Nollywood is undoubtedly the home of some of the most attractive female actresses. These damsels aren’t just good role interpreters, they are also beautiful and don’t hesitate to flaunt their sex appeal on social media. In no particular order, OLAJIDE SAMUEL takes a look at the sexiest Nollywood… December 29, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nollywood is undoubtedly the home of some of the most attractive female actresses. These damsels aren’t just good role interpreters, they are also beautiful and don’t hesitate to flaunt their sex appeal on social media. In no particular order, OLAJIDE SAMUEL takes a look at the sexiest Nollywood acts with… December 29, 2019 In "Entertainment" Beautiful Nollywood actress Juliet Ibrahim, took to her Instagram page to share her thoughts on how she regards a man and a woman being best friends. According to Juliet, being best friends with someone of the opposite gender gives room for one to cheat on their spouse. In her post,… May 31, 2018 In "Entertainment"