The Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Dr. Mathew Kukah, yesterday deplored what he called nepotism by the Buhari Administration and accused the government of institutionalizing northern hegemony while reducing other parts of the country to second class status. Kukah in his Christmas message entitled “A nation in search of vindication” said there could have been a coup or war in the country if a non-Northern Muslim President had practiced a fraction of President Muhammadu Buhari’s ‘nepotism’. His words: “This government owes the nation an explanation as to where it is headed as we seem to journey into darkness. “The spilling of this blood must be related to a more sinister plot that is beyond our comprehension. Are we going to remain hogtied by these evil men or are they gradually becoming part of a larger plot to seal the fate of our country? “President Buhari deliberately sacrificed the dreams of those who voted for him to what seemed like a programme to stratify and institutionalise northern hegemony. He has pursued this self-defeating and alienating policy at the expense of greater national cohesion. “Every honest Nigerian knows that there is no way any non-Northern Muslim President could have done a fraction of what President Buhari has done by his nepotism and gotten away with it. “There would have been a military coup a long time ago or we would have been at war. The President may have concluded that Christians will do nothing and will live with these actions. “He may be right and we Christians cannot feel sorry that we have no pool of violence to draw from or threaten our country. However, God does not sleep. We can see from the inexplicable dilemma of his North.” The Nation Nigeria has never had it this bad before as it is happening under President Muhammadu Buhari, accoring to Catholic Bishop of Sokoto State, Mathew Hassan Kukah, as he weighed in on Nigeria’s 60th independence anniversary, urging the President to “reset the clock,” before it is too late. In a 30-minute… October 3, 2020 In "News" •President Muhammadu Buhari Nigeria is now at a crossroads, with no clear route to follow. For the past 106 years, the fragile relationships that have existing among the various heterogeneous groups that make up the country, have failed to cement. In 1914, two British West African territories known as the… February 13, 2020 In "Opinion" •Bishop Kukah "If it is Fulani today, yesterday it was the Igbos"- Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah. I have immense respect for Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah but to compare the situation of the Fulani in the south today to the situation of the Igbo in the north in 1966 is disingenious… July 21, 2019 In "Opinion"