The Sokoto State government has ordered the closure of 16 boarding schools in the state following the growing insecurity in the country.  A statement issued by the Special Adviser on Media to Aminu Tanbuwal, Governor of Sokoto State, Mohammed Bello, says the decision was taken following the security situation in the affected areas and the threats this portends. Bello said the affected schools include Government Girls Model Secondary School, Illela, Sultan Muhammadu Tambari Arabic Secondary School, Illela, Gamji Girls College, Rabah, Government Secondary School, Gada, Government Secondary School, Gandi and Government Secondary School, Goronyo Others are: Government Secondary School, Isa, Government Secondary School Sabon Birnin Gobir, Boarding Primary School, Isa, Boarding Primary School, Balle, Boarding Primary School, Jabo, UBE Junior Secondary School, Sabon Birni, Government Secondary School, Kebbe, Government Secondary School, Tureta, Government Technical College, Binji and Olusegun Obasanjo Technical College, Bafarawa.  Source Sokoto  -  Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State says the State Government has awarded five contracts worth more than N2 billion for the construction and rehabilitation of secondary schools. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tambuwal spoke in Sokoto on Sunday in a broadcast to mark his one… May 31, 2016 In "News" Sokoto  -   The Sokoto state Government has suspended the Principal of Government Secondary School, Isa in Isa local government area of the state, Alhaji Garba Illo, over alleged irregularities of feeding of students. This is contained in a statement signed by the Assistant Director, Senior Secondary Schools in the… February 27, 2016 In "News" By Shehu Danjuma Katsina - The Katsina State Government has approved the employment of 1,000 security guards for all boarding secondary schools to secure lives and property of students. Gov. Aminu Masari disclosed this during the Third Convocation ceremony of the Umaru Musa Yar’adua University, Katsina on Saturday. Masari said… March 25, 2018 In "News"