Pierre Cardin, a French-Italian fashion designer has lost his life at the age of 98.  Cardin known for his visionary creations and also bringing stylish clothes to the masses, died at a hospital in Neuilly, west of Paris, on Tuesday at the age of 98, his family told news agency AFP. France’s Fine Arts Academy confirmed Cardin’s death in a tweet, adding that members of the academy are “very sad.” Cardin was born in Italy in 1922 but emigrated to France as a young child. He founded his own fashion house in 1950 after a stint with Christian Dior and built up a global business empire. Along with Paco Rabanne and Andre Courrege, Cardin was hailed for developing the futuristic Space-Age-inspired styles that defined looks in the 1960s and 1970s. He was also credited with bringing stylish clothes to the masses, popularizing the turtleneck sweater for men and bodysuits for women. Cardin adopted a large-scale licensing system that ensured distribution throughout the world, putting his name on products as diverse as ties, cigarettes, perfumes, and mineral water. Source French couturier Pierre Cardin, who made his name by selling designer clothes to the masses and his fortune by being the first to exploit the name as a brand for selling everything from cars to perfume, is dead. Cardin died on Tuesday, Dec. 29, 2020, at the age of 98.… December 29, 2020 In "News" French couturier Hubert de Givenchy, a pioneer of ready-to-wear who designed Audrey Hepburn's little black dress in "Breakfast at Tiffany's," has died at the age of 91. The house of Givenchy paid homage to its founder in a statement as "a major personality of the world of French haute couture… March 13, 2018 In "Foreign" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Late German fashion icon, Karl Lagerfeld’s cat, Choupette, is reportedly set to inherit some of 200 million dollars fortune after he named her ‘in his will’. According to BBC News, “It has emerged that the iconic Chanel designerwho died at the age of 85 on… February 21, 2019 In "Entertainment"