The former Chairman, Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina on Wednesday, told the Federal High Court, Abuja, that he had no case to answer in the fraud allegations levied against him.  Maina, who told Justice Okon Abang shortly after the EFCC, through its counsel, Farouk Abdullah, closed its case, said he would be filing a no-case submission. The former pension reformed boss, through his lawyer, Anayo Adibe, made his intention known shortly after he cross examined the ninth prosecution witness (PW9), Rouqquaya Ibrahim, an EFCC investigator. Justice Abang adjourned the matter until Friday (Dec. 10) for counsel to defendant, Adobe, to address the court orally and for the prosecution counsel, Abdullah, to respond to the no-case submission. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Maina (1st defendant) was arraigned before Justice Abang, on Oct. 25, 2019, by the EFCC alongside his firm, Common Input Property and Investment Ltd. Although he is facing 12-counts bordering on money laundering up to the tune of N2 billion, he had pleaded not guilty to all the charges.  (NAN) By Taiye Agbaje Abuja - An EFCC Operative, Mohammed Goji, on Monday, told the Federal High Court, Abuja, that the commission did not conduct a thorough investigation into the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT) headed by Abdulrasheed Maina to unravel members of the team drawn from other ministries, departments… January 20, 2020 In "News" The trial of a former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reform Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina, was stalled at the Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday. The trial on 12 counts of money laundering involving about N2bn was stalled because he and his surety, who is the serving Borno South… September 30, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday gave Senator Ali Ndume 21 days ultimatum to produce the former Chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team, Abdulrasheed Maina, who has been absent from over 10 scheduled trial sessions since September 2020. Justice Okon Abang, in issuing the ultimatum, ordered… October 19, 2020 In "News"