The medical doctor, Ifeanyinwa Angbo who called out her husband, Pius Angbo, the Channels Television reporter on Sunday, November 6 for physically assaulting her just four weeks after giving birth has reconciled with him.  Recall that Ifeanyinwa Angbo had alleged that her husband brutalised her after she advised him to desist from spending recklessly on other women and save the money to take care of their children. The couple has now reconciled following Governor Samuel Ortom’s intervention. The Benue state Governor who met them reportedly counselled them to always settle their differences amicably and shun the temptation of engaging in violence. He stated that as a young couple with great potentials, the husband being a versatile journalist and the wife a medical doctor, there was the need for them to foster a strong union to serve as models to others. Mr Angbo on his own part said he has apologised to his wife. He added that he is seeking the forgiveness of the entire women folk and would make amends going forward. Ifeanyinwa told reporters that she accepted her husband’s apology because their children are still tender. She also said that they need prayers to grow stronger in love and nurture their kids to maturity. The medical doctor also thanked Governor Ortom for taking time out of his very tight schedule to make peace between them. Watch a video of Eunice speaking during a press conference below.. A post shared by The CommentSection (TCS ) (@the_commentsection)  Source One of the five widows of the slain notorious militia leader in Benue State, Terwase Akwaza, aka Gana, Mrs Wantor Akwaza, said on Thursday that her deceased husband was snatched by military men. Recall that the Commander of Operation Ayem A. Kpatuma, Major General Ali Gadzama, had on Tuesday told… September 11, 2020 In "News" By Emmanuel Antswen   Makurdi -  Ahead of the 2019 general elections, wife of the Benue Governor, Mrs. Eunice Ortom, has assured the people of the state that her husband, Dr. Samuel Ortom, would never take them for granted. Mrs. Ortom stated this on Wednesday in Makurdi, during the inauguration… January 9, 2019 In "News" Wife of Benue State Governor, Mrs Eunice Ortom, and her son have recovered from COVID-19. The first lady alongside her son and domestic staff on July 3, 2020, reportedly tested positive for the disease. According to the statement personally signed on Tuesday, Mrs Ortom said after a series of evaluations,… July 28, 2020 In "News"