The Vice-Chancellor of Imo State University, Owerri, Prof Adaobi Obasi has been sacked.  His sack was ordered by the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma. Uzodinma’s Chief Press Secretary, Oguwike Nwachuku, in a statement, said the decision to sack Obasi was reached at an Executive Council Meeting chaired by the governor. Nwachuku disclosed that the VC who is an aunt to a former governor of the state, Rochas Okorocha, would stop functioning in that capacity from December 30, 2020. The statement read in part, “The government has also okayed December 30, 2020, for the Vice-Chancellor of Imo State University, Prof. Victoria Adaobi Obasi, to stop functioning in that capacity. “The Executive Council of Imo State government gave the approvals on Wednesday, December 16, 2020, insisting that forensic audit of the University’s finances has been necessary if the effort of Governor Hope Uzodimma as the Visitor of Imo State University to reposition the institution must not be a waste. “While considering the Whitepaper report of the Visitation Panel on IMSU that was headed by Prof. Chinedu Nebo, the Exco also approved December 30, 2020 as date for the end of tenure of Prof. Obasi as the Vice-Chancellor of the Imo State University, “The Executive Council meeting which was presided over by Governor Uzodimma equally approved that henceforth, all admissions into Imo State University, should be strictly on merit and that a Committee to handle all admissions will be set up under the leadership of the Registrar of the University. The idea, the Council noted, is to checkmate the level of admission racketeering in the University as reported by the panel.”  Source Owerri  - The Imo State University on Friday awarded 419 first-class degrees to deserving graduates at its seventh convocation ceremony in Owerri. Also, 10,417 second-class upper degrees, 29,220 second-class lower division, 3,776 third-class degrees and 29 pass degrees were awarded. Speaking at the ceremony, the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Adaobi Obasi,… March 19, 2016 In "News" OWERRI (Sundiata Post) - An appeal has gone to Governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha, to take urgent steps to avert a looming crisis in the Imo State University (IMSU) over the selection of a new Vice Chancellor.   The appeal was made by a group known as “Concerned Citizens of… July 18, 2017 In "News" Appointment of IMSU Vice Chancellor: Alumni Seeks Okorocha's Intervention to Avert Looming Legal Battle July 17, 2017 In "News"