The resolution of the strike action between the Federal Government and the leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) was cancelled on Monday, December 14, for the second time in a row.  Though no reason was given for the cancellation of the parley scheduled to discuss the union’s current strike, it was however learnt that ASUU was still consulting with its organs on the latest offer by the Federal Government to the striking university teachers. Deputy Director of Press and Public Relations in the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, Mr. Charles Akpan, announced the postponement in a text message. It Read; “Good morning, colleagues. Please, note that the meeting with ASUU, earlier scheduled for today (yesterday), is canceled. The inauguration of the technical committee on PMS is as scheduled.” ASUU President, Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi on his own part said the union’s leadership did not agree on any meeting with the government as consultations on both sides were still ongoing. He Said; “We never actually agreed on any meeting. What we said was due consultations, and consultations are going on at the two levels. We believe the government’s side is also consulting. That’s why the meeting has not held. “So, consultations are going on. Thank you.”  Source ABUJA - The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), on Thursday, gave an indication that the union will suspend its prolonged strike very soon, as its president, Prof Biodun Ogunyemi, declared that the universitylecturers are ready to go back to school.   The ASUU President gave the hint even… October 16, 2020 In "Education" By Stanley Nwanosike   Enugu -   The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Saturday urged the leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to go back to negotiations with the Federal Government. NANS was reacting to a statement reportedly issued by ASUU where it threatened not… December 29, 2018 In "News" Claims by the federal government that it had an agreement with the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU to call off strike before December 9, 2020 has been disputed. ASUU President, Prof Biodun Ogunyemi while reacting to the claim last night, said that ASUU representatives do not have the powers… December 10, 2020 In "News"