According to The PUNCH, the fate of over three thousand investors of a trading company known as MBA Forex in Port Harcourt, Rivers State is currently hanging in the balance.  Their fate hangs in the balance over alleged collapse of the firm. Many investors decried the firm’s failure to fulfil its agreement of paying them their monthly dividends that depend on individual investment for October, November and December. The PUNCH correspondent who visited the company’s imposing office located at Waterlines bus stop, Aba Road observed that the gate was closed, with no sign of activity going on there. A lady who was the only person seen seated inside the company’s compound told The PUNCH correspondent that the place had been closed since Monday. When our reporter who disguised as an investor queried the delayed payment, she said, “Don’t worry you will be paid. If you paid online, your money will be in your wallet. Just be patient.” Meanwhile, the company in a text messages to its investors obtained by The PUNCH correspondent said the company had closed for the year. The message reads, “MBA Trading: Dear Investor, We wish to inform you that our offices will be closed for Christmas holiday from the 21st of December 2020, and will begin operations for the New Year on the 5th of January, 2021.” Source By Nse Anthony-Uko ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) -- An operative of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Mr Abubakar Madaki, told a Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday, how Bank Verification Number exposed how a former Chief of Defence Staff, Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh (retd.), was linked to a N240m… June 21, 2017 In "Top Stories" Lagos - Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Thursday reaffirmed his administration’s commitment to ensure a safe, conducive and investor-friendly environment to accommodate new businesses and investors willing to partner with the state. Ambode, who was represented by the Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule, said this during the visit… August 20, 2015 In "News" By Lexi Elo May & Baker Nigeria Plc is in discussions with private investors seeking possible acquisition of strategic stake.  The Nigeria Stock Exchange-listed company is one of four firms that have recently completed a major stage of the World Health Organisation (WHO) certification and pre-qualification process with the issuance… March 9, 2015 In "Business"