By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Dr Tunde Akanni has called for the merging of  the Nigeria Broadcasting Corporation (NBC) with the Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC). The varsity Don who argued that that is the case in advanced countries recalled what happened between the Minister of  Information, Alhaji Lai Mohammed and the NBC management over certain issues in the past. He made the call on Sunday at the beginning of the 3-day training titled: “Freedom of Press and The Codes of Conduct For Nigerian Journalists And Media Houses” organised by the  Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung in Abuja. Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung (KAS) is a German foundation sponsored by the German government promoting democracy, rule of law and a socially and environmentally responsible market economy in more than 120 countries. KAS is bring together journalists to re-assess the current state and trends of freedom of the press and the codes of conduct for Nigeria journalists and work out ways for improvement. Details Soon…. By Taiye Agbaje Abuja -  As the nation approaches the 2019 general elections, a Don, Dr Tunde Akanni, has called on journalists in the country to be responsible in their reportage toward ensuring peaceful and credible polls. Akanni, a lecturer at the Department of Journalism, School of Communication, Lagos State… December 4, 2018 In "News" Uyo  -   A University don Prof. Abubakar Muazu, has called on state governments to implement the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act without waiting for domestication by their respective Houses of Assembly. Muazu, a lecturer in the Department of Mass Communication, University of Maiduguri, made the call on Thursday in… June 10, 2016 In "News" The Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung (KAS), in collaboration with Uganda Martyrs University (UMU) announces scholarships for Bachelor and Masters degree programmes in four disciplines listed below. Application Deadline: 14th May, 2017. Eligible Countries: Uganda and South Sudan To be taken at (country): Uganda About the Award: Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung (KAS) is a German political foundation that works worldwide in… April 12, 2017 In "Education"