A married man simply identified as Eyom has reportedly died in Ekori, Yakkur Local Government Area at the weekend during a sex romp with a married woman known as Grace Odi. Reports reaching Vanguard from the area say Grace and her husband Mr Odi left their community, Assiga to the neighbouring Ekori for wedding ceremony but midway into the wedding, Grace gave her husband a flimsy excuse and went straight to meet her lover in a prearranged guest house- the venue for their illicit sex activity. Midway into the sex romp, Eyom allegedly started jerking and foaming in the mouth and eventually gave up the ghost. “He told some of his friends that he was going to give his girlfriend who is married a good time and so needed to increase his performance by taking some sex enhancing drugs”. A source in the area confided in Vanguard. According to our source, the woman on noticing that the man had died dressed up and secretly left the place but the lifeless body of the man was later seen by the staff of the guest house who in turn alerted the owner of the guest house and the man’s identity revealed by community members who came to witness the scene. “It was when his identity was revealed that some of his friends remembered what he told them and a search for his married girlfriend began and was eventually located at the wedding ceremony by staff of the guest house who booked them into the room” Our source revealed. The police have since detained the woman for further investigation while the body of the man has been deposited at the Ugep General Hospital mortuary. Ms Irene Ugbo, the Cross River State Police Command spokesman says she is yet to be briefed on the incident. (Vanguard) Nightmare has remained the only companion of a 42-year-old man, Gundumi Saya who allegedly lured a married woman, Mrs. Hajara Markus out of her matrimonial home for s*x where she died while the duo were engaged in illicit affair. Gundumi has been remanded in Jos prison by Plateau State High… May 18, 2019 In "News" There was confusion on Saturday at the Great Salvation Christian Centre, aka Father’s Church, on Ako Aro Road, in the Ifako-Ijaiye area of Lagos State, after a man, Iberemu Osadebe, disrupted an ongoing wedding in the church. He claimed that the bride, Gloria, was his wife. PUNCH Metro gathered that… September 1, 2020 In "Metro" The body of a police DSP, Francis Onugha was found lifeless at the Police Barrack in Akwanga. Divisional Crimes Officer (DCO) 1 attached to Akwanga Division of the Nigeria Police Force, Nasarawa State command, DSP Francis Onugha (aka Dangote), has died under mysterious circumstances. Francis Onugha was found dead and… June 9, 2020 In "Metro"