On Thursday, December 24, Niger state House of Assembly impeached Binta Mamman. The impeachment took place during a plenary session that was held on Thursday, The Nation reports. Honourable Mamman, until her impeachment, was the first female House leader in the state’s legislature. Nothing official has been said to why the former leader was impeached or the number and names of the lawmakers that supported the action against her. Meanwhile, Honourable Francis Okiye, the speaker of the Edo state House of Assembly, had been impeached on Monday, October 12. His impeachment came during a brief plenary session of the assembly. Okiye’s impeachment followed a motion by Henry Okhurobo the majority leader of the House and signed by nine of the members who were present at the brief sitting. The state assembly had since elected Marcus Onobhu, an honourable member representing Esan West constituency as the new speaker. This development came two months after the deputy speaker, Hon. Yekini Idiaye was impeached. He was impeached on Wednesday, August 5, during a plenary session of the assembly in Benin city, the state capital. In his place, Honourable Roland Asoro, a member representing Orhionmwon II Constituency in the House of Assembly was elected deputy speaker. Source By Zubairu Idris Katsina  -  The Speaker of the Katsina State House of Assembly, Alhaji Aliyu Muduru, has been impeached and removed from office. Muduru was impeached on Wednesday by members of the assembly during plenary session of the house. The House Majority Leader, Alhaji Hanbali Faruk, representing Katsina Constituency,… February 15, 2017 In "News" By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse - The Speaker, Jigawa House of Assembly, Alhaji Isa Idris (APC-Gwaram), has been impeached. He was replaced by a former speaker of the assembly, Alhaji Idris Garba (APC-Gumel) on Thursday in Dutse. The plenary that removed Idris was presided by Speaker Pre-Tempo, Mr Hamza Bala… May 9, 2019 In "News" Benin -  Mrs Elizabeth Ativie, the new Speaker, Edo House of Assembly, on Tuesday in Benin announced the suspension of impeached speaker, Mr Victor Edoror for three months for invading the chambers with thugs. Ativie who briefed newsmen shortly after the former speaker was impeached, said the House took the… May 4, 2016 In "Politics"