Former Aviation Minister, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has insisted that Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 46th US President on Jan 20, 2021.  This comes after he insisted that Trump defeated Joe Biden in the just concluded United States of America election. Femi, an ardent supporter of Trump, disclosed that the state of Texas filed a lawsuit directly with the U.S. Supreme Court, challenging the election procedures in Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin on the grounds that they violated the Constitution. He seized the opportunity to pray for his friend ‘Trump’, calling on God to grant the state of Texas victory in the said case. Kayode who made his prayer public via his facebook handle, insisted that Trump would be sworn in as the 46th US President on Jan 20, 2021. Read the full statement below: “The State of Texas filed a lawsuit directly with the U.S. Supreme Court shortly before midnight on Monday challenging the election procedures in Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin on the grounds that they violate the Constitution. This is a game-changer! “O God of heaven grant the state of Texas victory and let your name be glorified. Grant them victory and let your son Donald Trump win the day. “Let us not be ashamed. Let the Hosts of Heaven rejoice and let the citadels of hell be shattered and torn apart with tears of defeat and failure. “I have said it before and I will say it again: Trump will be sworn in as the 46th President of the United States of America on January 20th 2021. “Mockers may mock and haters may hate but the word of the Lord shall stand. The Lord has said it and so it shall be. “(N.B. Now 8 more states have joined Texas in the suit & SCOTUS WILL hear the case. The States: Louisiana, Arkansas, Alabama, Florida, Kentucky, Mississippi, South Carolina, South Dakota.)”  Source Femi Fani-Kayode, an ex-aviation minister has shown his support for Donald Trump by praying for him to emerge winner in the ongoing US election.   Trump who is a Republican is contesting against, former Vice-President Joe Biden, a Democrats. Biden according to yesterday’s report was leading by a narrower margin… November 3, 2020 In "Politics" Former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, has reacted to the phone conversation between the United States President, Donald Trump and President Muhammadu Buhari. The ex-spokesperson of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Presidential campaign suggested that Trump should have told his Nigerian counterpart to stop supporting Fulani herdsmen. Fani-Kayode, who took to… February 14, 2017 In "News" •Biden and Trump "The blue wave has reached its peak and zenith. The red shall rise, swallow it up and overwhelm it. Joe Biden's dreams shall be dashed, his 'victory' annulled and his celebrations shortlived. Donald Trump shall do a second term and the name of the Lord shall be… November 8, 2020 In "Opinion"