The Olu of Warri, His Majesty Ogiame Ikenwoli is “indisposed and currently receiving medical care”, the Olu’s palace administration director, Chief Clement Maleghemi has said. This is coming on the heels of reports that the first-class monarch passed on Monday morning. The palace director disclosed this in a press release to newsmen in Warri, Delta state, Tuesday afternoon. According to the statement, the Ologbotsere of Warri Kingdom, Chief Ayiri Emami, will brief the public subsequently, on further development. The statement read, “the attention of the Palace of His Majesty, Ogiame Ikenwoli, the Olu of Warri has been drawn to news/social media speculations announcing the sudden demise of His Majesty.  “We wish to notify the general public that His Majesty is indisposed and currently receiving medical attention by a team of qualified medical specialists. “Any further information on the subject would be made known to the general public by the office of the Traditional Prime Minister of Warri kingdom, Chief Ayirimi Emami, the Ologbotsere of Warri Kingdom.”(The Nation) Warri-The Olu of Warri, His Royal Majesty, Godfery Ikenwoli has urged Nigerians particularly indigenes of the Niger Delta to support the efforts of the military to stem the tide of criminality in the region. The paramount ruler of Warri kingdom made the call on Saturday when received the Chief of… August 28, 2016 In "News" By Edeki Igafe   Warri (Delta) -  President Muhammadu Buhari has assured Nigerians of his commitment to continue to provide qualitative leadership for the country. Buhari gave the assurance in Warri, Delta on Thursday in continuation of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential campaign across the country. The President also… January 17, 2019 In "Politics" Warri (Delta)- Gov. Emmanuel Uduaghan of Delta, has congratulated the Olu of Warri, Ogiame Atuwase II, on his 28th coronation anniversary. Uduaghan, represented by his deputy, Prof. Amos Utuama at Special Thanksgiving Service held on Sunday in Warri to mark the anniversary, described the Itsekiri monarch as a `selfless leader.’ The… May 4, 2015 In "News"