Electricity customers who paid for meters under the Meter Asset Provider scheme will be refunded, the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission has said. NERC said this on Wednesday in an emailed response, through its Head of Public Affairs, Mr Michael Faloseyi, to questions from our correspondent. Following the recent announcement by the Federal Government that six million meters would be distributed at no cost to consumers under the National Mass Metering Programme, some customers who had already paid for meters had asked if their money would be refunded. Under the MAP scheme, which kicked off on May 1, 2019, customers have two options for acquiring a meter: upfront payment and payment in instalments through metering service charge on a monthly basis. But the scheme has suffered setbacks, including changes in fiscal policy and the limited availability of long-term funding, according to the regulator. NERC told our correspondent that all the distribution companies had keyed into the new initiative, NMMP, adding, “Meter deployments are commencing in earnest across all Discos under the first phase of the NMMP.” It said the first rollout of meters had already commenced based on meters that were already available at the warehouses of the Discos/meter asset providers. Asked if the consumers would bear the cost of meters later, the commission said, “Given that all prudent costs are borne by customers, the full cost of metering would form part of the tariff once the industry assumes full cost recovery. “All customers who made payment for meters under the MAP scheme would be refunded. The modality for the refund of the meter’s cost funded by the customers either through upfront payment or amortised payments is being worked out.” The MAP Regulations was approved by NERC in March 2018 to fast-track the closure of the metering gap in the sector through the engagement of third-party investors (called meter asset providers) for the financing, procurement, supply, installation and maintenance of meters. “All customers who made payment for meters under the MAP scheme would be refunded. The modality for the refund of the meter’s cost funded by the customers either through upfront payment or amortised payments is being worked out.” The MAP Regulations was approved by NERC in March 2018 to fast-track the closure of the metering gap in the sector through the engagement of third-party investors (called meter asset providers) for the financing, procurement, supply, installation and maintenance of meters. The Federal Government had said in November that it was making funding immediately available for Discos to roll out 1,000,000 meters in the first phase of the NMMP. Punch The Federal Government is to spend between N269.38bn and N497.13bn on the provision of six million free meters to various unmetered power users across the country.   Also, findings from separate quarterly reports of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission on the power sector showed that the number of unmetered customers… November 2, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA - The Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) on Tuesday said it had provided prepayment meters for 404,000 electricity consumers since it began operations. Managing Director of the company, Mr Neil Croucher, made this known in Abuja at a public consultation on the Credited Advance Payment for Metering (CAPMI) organised… November 18, 2014 In "Business" By Kingsley Okoye The Electric Power Sector Reform Act (EPSRA) of 2005 and subsequent  privatisation of Nigeria’s electricity sector in 2013, statutorily saddled the Electricity Distribution Companies (DisCos) the responsibility of providing meters to electricity customers and other electricity distribution infrastructure. In spite the mandate, records from Nigerian Electricity Regulatory… April 29, 2019 In "Features"