Jaiz Bank Plc, the premier non-interest bank in Nigeria says it is committed to financing Micro, Small and Medium scale Enterprising (MSME) in the country.The Bank’s Regional Manager(Northwest) Dr. Nuruddeen Liman Ahmed said this yesterday at the ongoing Kano State International Trade Fair, organized by the Kano Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture (KACCIMA).Speaking during Jaiz Bank Day at the Trade Fair, Dr. Nuruddeen said the Bank has made available bouquets of MSME’s financing and e-Banking products to delight both customers and prospects which are aimed to help grow their businesses and ease banking transactions.He said Jaiz Bank recognizes the role that MSMEs play in empowering individuals and growing the economy at large and therefore decided to focus on financing the sector.He said: “Our products are available to small business operators, such as artisans, farmers, women in business etc, to help grow their businesses in line with our mission of Making Life Better Through Ethical Finance, for everybody.“Aside the marketing of our MSME products, we are at the trade fair to create awareness on our e-Banking products such as JaizMobile Plus, Jaiz Internet Banking, Jaiz USSD Code, Jaiz agent banking codenamed Jaiz Oya Oya, etc, which are developed to make banking ease for all.”Dr. Nuruddeen also enlightened the participants about the national Hajj Savings Scheme, which Jaiz Bank in collaboration with the National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON), is providing to ease hajj process for all intending Muslim Ummah in the country.He said the scheme is aimed at making it easier for intending Muslim pilgrims to prepare ahead of time, by making gradual deposits through Jaiz Bank plc, so that they can perform one of the five pillars of Islam, the Hajj, in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.Also speaking at the occasion was the Bank’s Non-Executive Director, Alhaji Mukthar Sani Hanga, who provided insights into the growth and progress of the bank since it commenced operations in 2012. Source By Hassana Yakubu Kaduna - The non- interest Islamic bank, Jaiz, said it is improving its e-channels or internet services in order to ease up customer services and also to decongest the banking halls. The Kaduna Branch Manager, Muhammad Halilu, said at the 40th Kaduna International Trade Fair while briefing… April 6, 2019 In "Business" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Finance) – Jaiz Bank Plc, on Monday declared profit after tax (PAT) of N776.6 million for the third quarter ended September 30, 2017, representing an increase of 629 per cent when compared with N107.1 million recorded in the corresponding period of 2016. The Bank's result released… October 31, 2017 In "Business" Abuja -  The Chairman of Jaiz Bank, Alhaji Umaru Mutallab on Monday said the bank recorded a profit before tax of N794.2 million in 2015 as against N126.8 million recorded in 2014. Mutallab made this known at the Fourth Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Bank in Abuja. The chairman… May 31, 2016 In "Business"