Stefflon Don, a British rapper and girlfriend of Nigerian singer, Burna Boy has revealed that she wants to have a baby next year.  Taking to Twitter, the rapper said she would either love to have a baby in 2021 or the upper year, 2022. She Wrote: “I want a baby next year or the year after,” I want a baby next year or the year after. This is coming days after a lady identified as Jo Pearl came out to claim she is a girlfriend of the Nigerian singer. She called Burna Boy out for allegedly sidelining her and not loving her the way she did to him. Before Jo Pearl came into the picture, Burna Boy had in 2019 expressed his desire to raise a child with Stefflon. The ‘Anybody’ crooner spoke on having a child in an interview with American broadcaster, Ebro, on radio show, Beats1, on Hot 97 FM. “It’s not the business part of us, it’s our life. I’m trying to make it right because I don’t want to bring no kid into this life and everyone is disturbing the kid and looking or wondering what’s Steflon Don and Burna Boy’s kid doing. I want to raise a kid the way I was raised,” he said. Following alleged reports that Nigerian musician, Burna Boy is cheating on his girlfriend, Stefflon Don, the British rapper seems to have released a subtle reply. Recall that Burna Boy is alleged to be cheating on her with a Sierra Leonean 23-year-old lady named JoPearl. This comes after JoPearl set social… December 3, 2020 In "Entertainment" Stefflon Don revealed how close she is to her son and said he would always want to show her off in school. More about Burna Boy‘s girlfriend, Stefflon Don's early life is popping out as we have just learnt she had a child when she was still a teenager. Well,… June 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" Grammy Award nominee, Burna Boy, has been accused by a 23-year-old lady, Jo Pearl, of cheating on her with UK singer Stefflon Don. Pearl revealed that she secretly dated Burna Boy for two years before Stefflon Don came into the picture. “Two years is such a long time for a… December 2, 2020 In "Entertainment"