Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State on Monday declared that his administration has scored lowly in the housing sector of the state.  Umahi made the declaration during the ground-breaking ceremony of the National Affordable Housing Delivery Programme for Nigerian workers at his home town Uburu, in the Ohaozara Local Government Area of the state. The governor said the low rating, therefore, made him see the affordable housing initiative as a pressing need. “I have never hidden the truth that we have not done well in terms of residential apartments though we have performed commendably in the commercial aspect. “We had problems with the people handling such initiatives in the state but realised that we needed to be friends and not to quarrel. “The people handling the housing project at Ezzamgbo, Ohaukwu LGA of the state should know that project needs to be expanded,” he said. He thanked the Nigeria Labour Congress, Trade Union Congress, among others for showing deep understanding of the financial predicaments of the administration. “You have understood that whatever we agreed to pay in terms of salaries is within our resources and that is why I get upset whenever any worker is not paid at the appropriate time,” he said. Umahi said that he had made a request to the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), for the channelisation of the project from the industrial cluster through the college of medicine in the area and would submit it in Abuja.  (NAN) By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki  -   Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi has commended the housing development project embarked upon by the Federal Medical Centre Staff Cooperative Thrift and Loans Society (FMC-SCTLS) Ltd. of the Federal Teaching Hospital, Abakaliki. Umahi spoke on Wednesday at the official foundation laying ceremony of the… April 12, 2017 In "News" • Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi One thing that is not in short supply since Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi assumed office in 2015 is his generosity in creating political offices and appointing people into them. Sources said the Umahi administration, which is in its fifth year, has rolled out… December 22, 2019 In "Politics" ENUGU (Sundiata Post) - A non-governmental organisation, Centre for Reform Education Initiative (CREI) has called on the electorate in Ebonyi State to massively vote for the second term bid of Governor Dave Umahi in the March 9, 2019 gubernatorial elections, saying “there is no need changing a performing team”. Executive… February 18, 2019 In "Politics"