Abuja (Sundiata Post) -.  Chairman of Zamfara Council of Chiefs, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, has urged governments at all levels to change their tactics and approach in the fight against armed banditry. The emir made the call on Saturday, while speaking over last Friday’s attack on the Emir of Kaura-Namoda, Maj. Sanusi Muhammad (rtd), along Zaria-Funtua road as a result of which three police escorts and five palace aides on the convoy were killed.Attahiru, who is also the Emir of Anka, said, “it seems these acts of banditry have defied all solutions available to us and the bandits have continued to kill people on the roads, in towns, in villages and anywhere and at anytime. “No one is safe anymore, therefore, people should be allowed to carry arms and defend themselves, the emir stated. On the peace and reconciliation programme initiated by governor Matawalle in which bandits willing to lay down their arms were invited and encouraged to do so, the emir said one could only dialogue with people who had a cause. “These bandits do not have any cause for which they want to achieve, they are purely criminals engaged in robbing, maiming and killing innocent persons with no remorse, so there is no point to dialogue with them. “They should be engaged with the same force and unless serious measures are taken against them, they will continue these bad acts with the feeling that they have an upper hand,” he said. By Abubakar Ahmed Anka -. Zamfara Council of Chiefs has requested the Federal Government to set up a panel or commission of inquiry to establish those behind banditry in the state and punish them. The Chairman of the council and Emir of Anka, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, made the appeal on… May 14, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor of Zamfara state, Muhammad Matawalle has approved the suspension of Emir of Maru, Alhaji Abubakar Cika Ibrahim and District Head of Kanoma Alhaji Yahaya Mohammed. The  suspensions which takes immediate effect was announced yesterday in a statement signed by the Director General, Press Affairs to… June 7, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Emir of Anka and Chairman of Zamfara state council of Chief, has said President Muhammadu Buhari ought to have sacked the Minister of Defence, Mansur Dan-Ali. According to The Cable, Emir Ahmad made the remark in response to the allegation of the minister that… May 13, 2019 In "News"