By Chibuike NwabukoAbuja (Sundiata Post) –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, felicitates with the Christian faithful and Nigerians generally as they join the rest of the world in celebrating Christmas. Lawan who stated this on Thursday in a statement signed by his Special Adviser(Media), Ola Awoniyi notes that this year’s celebration comes at a time when the world is combatting the resurgence of the Coronavirus pandemic, which has forced many countries to ramp up health safety protocols at a time when people traditionally gather to share love in celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. The Senate President notes that aside from the global health emergency of COVID-19, Nigeria also faces security and economic challenges. Lawan, however, expresses confidence that the resilience and positive attitudes of Nigerians would not only help our country to prevail against the challenges but also ensure that their strains do not stop a merry and responsible celebration of Christmas in the country. The Senate President says as we celebrate, however, people of faith should remember our country in their prayers, especially for divine guidance for the government in its efforts to improve national security and strengthen the economy. “I celebrate with the Christian faithful and enjoin all of us to remember the essence of the august occasion. “In the true spirit of the season, let’s show love to our neighbours, kindness to the less-privileged and vulnerable, and tolerance to one another across the lines of faith, politics and ethnicity; in the spirit of the unique sacrifice and teachings of Jesus Christ. “With the prayers of the faithful and our continued support for the Government, I am confident that Nigeria will surmount its challenges, attain its manifest destiny of greatness and become the pride of its citizens and the entire Black World,” Lawan said. The Senate President says given the fact of the second wave of the Coronavirus pandemic, we should keep our guard up and comply fully with the non-pharmaceutical guidelines that have been put in place by the authorities. Lawan commends the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 for sustaining the sensitisation campaigns and also the frontline health workers for their great work in the battle against the pandemic.The Senate President says the National Assembly and particularly the Senate is in consultation with the relevant agencies to ensure due diligence is followed in the procurement and distribution of the COVID-19 vaccine when they become available, to ensure all Nigerians have equitable access to inoculation against the stubborn virus.Once again, Lawan urges Nigerians to celebrate the festival responsibly by adhering strictly to the public health protocols as announced by the Task Force to curtail the spread of the virus. By Naomi Sharang Abuja - The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has felicitated with Christian faithful, as they join the rest of the world to celebrate Easter. Lawan in a statement he signed in Abuja on Friday, said that Easter marked the triumph of Jesus Christ over sin, adversity… April 10, 2020 In "News" By Peter Amine Jos - Sen. Istifanus Gyang, Senator representing Plateau North at the National Assembly, has urged governments at all levels to provide palliatives to ease the sufferings of people affected by the current lockdown imposed to prevent the spread of Coronavirus.Gyang, who is the Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee… April 13, 2020 In "News" According to Punch Metro, the Senate leadership has directed senators who recently returned from an official trip from Europe to go for coronavirus test immediately. Members of the Senate Committee on Petroleum Resources Upstream returned to Nigeria this week from a three-day international training programme, organised by Skills and Career… March 20, 2020 In "Politics"