National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has said the ongoing strike action embarked upon by the Academic Staff of Universities must end by January 5th.  NANS issued the ultimatum as it said it is tired of the lingering strike action. Activities have been halted in universities across the country for almost 9 months now, due to the strike action. Comrade Sunday Asefon, the student association president yesterday in a statement threatened that if both parties don’t oblige by the given date, the association would take strategic actions. “The Federal Government and ASUU will face the students and tell us why we have to suffer this much,” he said. The union president said the ongoing strike is the longest in the history of the university in Nigeria. He explained that the strike has been long enough to be called off saying it is ridiculous that both the FG and ASUU have not found a common ground yet. The unending nature of the strike the president noted has left students with no choice but to do all it can to bring an end to the strike. Asefon also noted that NANS should have a third party representative in every FG and ASSU meeting for posterity sake and transparency in leadership. The student union president again expressed delight over the safe release of the 344 abducted schoolboys in Kankara, Katsina State. He said The welfare and safety of Nigerian students across all the 36 states and diaspora is one of his priorities and as long as he remains the revolutionary President of NANS. Source By Stanley Nwanosike   Enugu,    -     The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), has appealed to the Federal Government to fulfill agreements reached with the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), to ensure resumption of academic activities in public universities. NANS’ National Public Relations Officer, Mr Bestman Okereafor, made the… January 13, 2019 In "News" Claims by the federal government that it had an agreement with the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU to call off strike before December 9, 2020 has been disputed. ASUU President, Prof Biodun Ogunyemi while reacting to the claim last night, said that ASUU representatives do not have the powers… December 10, 2020 In "News" Law students in the country have sued the Academic Staff Union of Universities and relevant ministries representing the Federal Government for the lingering ASUU strike which has led to the shutdown of various public universities since March 2020. The students through the National President of the Law Students Association of… November 20, 2020 In "News"