Barely two weeks after a lady sets her lover and his girlfriend ablaze in FESTAC, Lagos State, another lady, now at large, has reportedly set her lover ablaze at his Shaahu road residence in Gboko Local Government Area of Benue State over his alleged refusal to marry her. Vanguard gathered from an eyewitness that the lady set the house on fire at about 1:30 am on Monday after her lover simply identified as Jude, his mother and a little boy had gone to bed. According to the witness, the occupants of the house were however lucky as none of them lost their lives in the inferno “though her lover was badly burnt his mother and the child suffered minor burns and they are now receiving treatment in a Gboko hospital. “We learnt that Jude had refused to continue his marriage plans with the young woman following her bad attitude towards his mother and on that basis, they were also quarrelling and the man ordered the lady out of his house. “At the early hours of Monday at about 1:30 am she allegedly came with some people, poured fueled in and around the house, set it ablaze and fled but for the quick intervention of neighbours who rescued the occupants.” When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer, Deputy Superintendent, DSP, Catherine Anene confirmed the incident. Anene said the police received a report that a girlfriend set her boyfriend and his home on fire after pouring fuel around the building. She said no arrest had been made as the girlfriend who was suspected to have committed the act was at large. (Vanguard) Lagos State - Iba Police Station have arrested a 19-year-old boy, Orji Ifeanyichukwu for allegedly setting his 24-year-old girlfriend, Alabi Tolani ablaze because she had another lover.DSP Bala Elkana, Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, said this in a statement released to newsmen on Sunday.Elkana said that the incident took… December 8, 2019 In "Metro" Alabi Tolani, the 24-year-old lady set ablaze by her 19-year-old boyfriend, Orji Ifeanyichukwu, over alleged infidelity, has died. After our report about the incident on Sunday, the Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, released a statement and confirmed that the incident took place at G54, Army Post Service… December 10, 2019 In "Metro" A Pastor of the New Baptist Church and his female assistant have allegedly been burnt to death by a 40-year-old jealous lover in Igbogene area of Yenagoa Local Government Area, Bayelsa State.     Obukulubu allegedly set the home of his girlfriend on fire over suspicion of cheating. The incident… November 2, 2020 In "News"