Air France-KLM has reintroduced an Airport Transit Visa for citizens of some countries, including Nigeria and Ghana, travelling to the United Kingdom after Brexit. The airline said this in a statement titled, ‘Travel on Air France or KLM to and from United Kingdom after Brexit – January 1, 2020’. According to the statement, it is compulsory for citizens of some African and Asian countries to have ATV before they pass through France or the Netherlands. It also noted that citizens of the affected countries with British Visa, long-stay visa or British residence permit citizens must still have ATV to pass through France to the United Kingdom. “As of January 1, 2021, citizens of the following countries who are holders of a British visa, long-stay visa or a residence permit issued by the British authorities will need to be in possession of an airport transit visa (ATV) if they transit through France and or the Netherlands,” part of the statement read. The countries affected are Afghanistan, Angola, Bangladesh, Cameroon, Central Africa Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ivory Coast, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Ghana. Others are Guinea, Haiti, Iran, Iraq, Mali, Mauritania, Nigeria, Pakistan, Philippines, Russia, Senegal, Syria, Palestinians, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, South Sudan, and Sri Lanka. Air France said exception to the ATV requirements are “Citizens of the above-named countries holding a visa or residence permit in addition to the UK visa/residence permit from Canada, Japan, the USA or European countries are allowed to transit through France or the Netherlands without an ATV.” Punch Washington -The United States on Friday in Washington, announced tighter security measures for visitors from the 38 countries in its visa waiver programme. The Department of Homeland Security said the countries included European nations that have seen hundreds of residents traveling to fight with militant groups in Syria and Iraq.… August 7, 2015 In "Foreign" By Harrison Arubu   Abuja -  The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) has decried alleged evasion of normal immigration clearance procedures by some passengers arriving the country from foreign trips. The acting Public Relations Officer of the agency, Mr Amos Okpu, said this in a statement on behalf of the Comptroller… August 31, 2018 In "News" In his broadcast to the nation on Sunday, March 29, 2020, President Muhammadu Buhari declared that “in Nigeria’s fight against COVID-19, there is no such thing as an overreaction or under-reaction. It is all about the right reaction by the right agencies and trained experts.” Lest we forget, below is… April 1, 2020 In "News"