Kinikanwo Amadi, a former supervisory councillor in the Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of Rivers State, has tragically died.  The man died after was allegedly stabbed to death by a woman. Though details were still sketchy as of the time of filing this report, it was gathered that the incident occurred at Nkpolu-Rumuigbo, near Port Harcourt. The news of Kinikanwo’s death was disclosed by his friends and political associates, who took to Facebook to mourn his passing with pictures of his corpse. In one of the pictures seen by our correspondent, the deceased was stabbed multiple times in the abdomen, chest and arms. The pictures, which went viral on social media, suggested that the former councillor was rushed to the hospital, as stitches were on several spots of his lifeless body on the hospital bed. A spokesman for the state police command, Nnamdi Omoni, confirmed the incident, adding that operatives were investigating it. “Yes, I can confirm it, it happened. I called the DPO in charge of that area and he confirmed it. We are still investigating the matter to get the details,” Omoni stated.  Source Rivers State - A Law student of Rivers State University identified as Matilda Itonyo Mark has died after being stabbed inside her room, at the main gate in Port Harcourt.  It was gathered that Matilda, a final year Law student of the said University, a dancer, hairstylist and writer, was… December 11, 2019 In "Metro" An unidentified woman and her lover are now feared dead after allegedly using sex enhancement pills to aid their sexual pleasure at a house in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital. The lady was found lifeless while her male partner was found unconscious with his manhood erect in a Storey… March 6, 2020 In "Metro" An NHS worker was brutally stabbed to death by masked men in an 'unprovoked attack' just days after losing his father to suspected coronavirus. David Gomoh, 24, was fatally wounded in a knife attack on Sunday, just seconds after leaving his home in Newham, London. The keyworker was on the… April 28, 2020 In "Foreign"