ABUJA – Suspected Boko Haram insurgents have attacked Garkida, a town in Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State. This is the second time this year that the insurgents would be invading the historic town after a similar attack in February. The insurgents were, Thursday night, said to have launched the fresh attack by entering Garkida through Gada Uku bridge in 13 Hilux jeeps. A source said the insurgents ransacked many stores in the town and made away with food stuffs, but that they had been chased out by security operatives. “They burnt down a vehicle while the Air Force Jets destroyed 3 of their jeeps before they moved out of the town but it was almost six hours of sporadic gunshots before they left with foodstuffs,” the source said. Another inside account stated that hunters and vigilantes had mobilized and kept vigil all through Wednesday in Garkida town after an intelligence report indicated that Boko Haram might attack the town. According to the account, “when they (Boko Haram) did not show up yesterday, the team dispersed today about 4pm. Long after the hunters had gone, the Boko Haram groups moved into the town of Garkida and right now all hell has been let loose.” Some residents of Garkida, Adamawa state and Korongilum, Borno state, have alleged that Nigerian air force (NAF) fighter jets refused to open fire on suspected Boko Haram insurgents when they attacked their communities. Last Tuesday, the insurgents attacked Koriongilum burning many houses, and three days later, they attacked Garkida killing… February 24, 2020 In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has dismissed as “misleading” insinuations that its platforms withdrew without engaging Boko Haram insurgents when they attacked Garkida community of Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, gave the clarifications while briefing… March 2, 2020 In "News" Four persons have been confirmed to have been killed during an attack on the Garkida community of Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State, North-East Nigeria. Residents of Garkida community told Channels Television that the insurgents, who stormed the town around 5:00 in the evening, overpowered the military stationed in… July 28, 2014 In "News"