The breakup of Cossy Ojiakor and Abel Jurgen seems to be getting messier, as she released a video showing him frog jumping while begging her to forgive him for allegedly destroying some of her properties. It can be recalled that over the weekend, Abel called off his engagement with Cossy, on grounds of domestic violence. He took to his Instagram page to publicly announce the end of their four months engagement. Cossy Ojiakor has continued to deny assaulting him as she stated that she had been a mom to her younger lover who she claims has been very violent and toxic. She wrote; For 9 month I played the role of a mum to you but not anymore your so toxic and violent … So I am moving on next week… there are things frog jumps can’t fix anymore… I have decided to take back the name German machine because I gave that to you. U know ur dad is Netherlands’s a video of one of his violent attack on me where I captured him in the background is on @cossysxcapades German machine is a black sex toy I bought in Germany. My future man…. pls make sure u have a house ( rented or not because I won’t harbor you in mine) Make sure you have a car (because I won’t let u drive mine) make sure you have Life( I don’t need a body guard to police me around my male friends) make sure u have a prick. Not the bender type that makes errection. painful when am riding you. And also not the urgent 2k type because I want to go on vacations …. trips…feel free to say hi from Monday next wk. I will be humble and chat nicely… German machine is a red and black badass bulldog with a wearable prick. Wish I can. Post it’s picture. I bought it in Germany in 2015… my German machine never left … it is right here with me. …Am saving it my next…Let the dating game begin Watch the video below; The Nation Nollywood actress, Cossy Ojiakor has reacted after her ex fiance, Abel Jurgen called off their engagement on grounds of domestic violence. It will be recalled that Abel alleged that Cossy Ojiakor bit and attacked him after getting drunk. However reacting to this in a chat with Vanguard, Cossy insisted that… December 13, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" The producer of the movie “Itohan” in which Nollywood actress, Cossy Ojiakor was alleged to have had s*x with a dog in one of the scenes has been found by Potpourri. Mr Lucky Ewah, the producer spoke to Potpourri on phone and explained what actually happened in the film shot… August 3, 2019 In "Metro" Abel Jurgen, the fiance of Nollywood actress, Cossy Ojiakor has threatened to sue her after he accused her of domestic violence. In an Instagram post he shared after Cossy Ojiakor accused him of starting the fight and being childish, he described her as a "liar, slut and a cheat". Abel… December 14, 2020 In "Entertainment"