EBONYI State Governor, Dave Umahi, on Sunday reiterated that the shut Kingdom Model Secondary School, belonging to the Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party in Ezza South Local Government Area of the state, Friday Agbom, would remain closed.  The school, located in Idemba community, in the Ezza South Local Government Area of the state, was shut down on the orders of the governor for allegedly harbouring cultists. But the owner, the chairman of the PDP in the Ezza South Council, Agbom, said he was being forced by the governor to defect to the All Progressives Congress, adding that his refusal to do same led to the closure of his school by powers that be in the state. Umahi, who spoke during a special thanksgiving service at the Christ Embassy Church, Abakaliki, on Sunday, vowed to go after cultists in the state, no matter their status. He said, “I insist that the secondary school in Ezza South Local Government Area of the state, which was shut down for alleged cultism, remains shut no matter the criticisms it has continued to generate in the state.  “In the few days, we have had very terrible cult activities, but let me warn that we are starting war against cultism again. There are big people that are involved and I will not spare you. I will not spare you and our trouble will not be here, you will be taking to Abuja.” Abakaliki - Gov. Dave Umahi of Ebonyi and PDP governorship candidate election has been declared winner of the Ebonyi governorship election. Prof Frank Chukwuemeka, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) State Collation Officer for Ebonyi governorship announced Umahi as winner on Sunday in Abakaliki. Chukwuemeka disclosed that Umahi polled a… March 10, 2019 In "Politics" Controversy has greeted the alleged defection of Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. David Umahi, from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the All Progressives Congress (APC), ahead of the 2023 general election.   The member representing Ezza South/Ikwo Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Chinedu Ogah, had on… October 17, 2020 In "Top Stories" Ebonyi State Governor, Engr. David Umahi, will not be joining the All Progressives Congress (APC) alone, but with a large number of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), News Express has learnt.   Joining the Umahi to APC include the Speaker of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Hon. Francis Nwifuru,… October 19, 2020 In "Politics"