The best graduating student of the Lagos State University (LASU) will be rewarded with N5millon and scholarship.  This was the pledge made by the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. Sanwo-Olu made this promise at the LASU 24th Convocation ceremony which held on Wednesday, Dec 16. Sanwo-Olu, who is still on self-isolation after contracting Coronavirus joined the event virtually from the State House, Marina. Oladimeji Shotunde, a student whose mother is a trader and his father a mechanic, is the recipient of this donation and scholarship, having emerged the overall best graduating student. 22-year-old Oladimeji Shotunde finished from the Department of Business Administration in the Faculty of Management Science, with a Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 4.95. Also, Sola Olabanjo, a Master’s degree graduand from the department of Computer Science, who scored a CGPA of 5.0, will also receive a 5 million Niara grant from the office of the Lagos state governor, Sanwo-Olu announced. The state governor made a vow to both exceptional students, saying: “Once you have thought out what you want to do, the state government has employment for you, the state government has scholarship for you to help you achieve your academic excellence to whatever level you so desire to have it.” Oladimeji Shotunde took to Facebook after the ceremony to deliver a vote of thanks. He wrote: “What a year it has been! After a series of postponements due to unforeseen circumstances, I eventually had my convocation ceremony yesterday – Wednesday, December 16th, 2020. For most of the day: I wrestled with the nostalgic feelings of fulfillment, anxiety, and accomplishment. Graduating with a record setting CGPA of 4.95 was by no measure a small feat. More importantly, I am particularly glad to acknowledge how well I maximized campus life – even beyond academic excellence. Growing up, my parents did not have too much but they made difficult sacrifices and poured all they had into me and my siblings. Hence, having my parents around me to celebrate with me was fulfilling. I was glad to see them get the recognition they so much deserve – particularly for the sacrifices they made for me and my siblings over the years. As a proud indigene of Ogun State, I was honoured by the presence of the First Lady of the State: Her Excellency, Mrs. Bamidele Abiodun. I also welcomed the Special Assistant to the Ogun State Governor on Student Matters, Comr. Adeyemi Azeez. I must also acknowledge the Special Assistant on Youths and Sports, Mr. Olamide Lawal – who reached out to me more than two weeks ago. I am excited about what the future holds for Ogun State! I am extremely thankful to the Lagos State University Vice Chancellor, Prof. Olanrewaju Adigun Fagbohun, SAN, NPOM, and his team for pushing the frontiers of excellence for our great institution. I appreciate the entire university community, my lecturers, colleagues, friends and well wishers. Thank you everyone, the best is yet to come. God bless you. Yours, Oladimeji Shotunde.” Lagos  -  Mr Arowosegbe Aderibigbe, the best graduating student of the Lagos ‎State University (LASU), Ojo 2014/2015 set on Wednesday lauded Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode's effort in rebranding the institution. Aderibigbe gave the commendation when he made a remark on behalf of the graduating students ‎at the university's 20th convocation. He,… May 26, 2016 In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government has signed a Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT) agreement with a private developer to deliver 8,272 hostel units for Lagos State University (LASU) students. L-R: Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Solicitor General & Permanent Secretary, Lagos State Ministry of Justice,… December 21, 2019 In "News" Lagos   -     Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Thursday says the state remains committed toward making the Lagos State University (LASU) the best in global ranking. Ambode, who was represented by his deputy, Dr Idiat Adebule, said this at the university’s 22nd Convocation for Higher Degrees. “We have a… May 24, 2018 In "News"