By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has expressed shock and sadness over the death of prolific film producer, Chico Maziakpono Ejiro. Senator Omo-Agege noted that the exceptional movie director and producer was a pillar of productivity in Nollywood whose works in hundreds of films brought global spotlight to the Nigerian film industry. The Special Adviser, Media and Publicity, to the Deputy President of the Senate, Yomi Odunuga disclosed this on Monday in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja. According to him, while many lament Chico Ejiro’s death in the early hours of Christmas Day, it is necessary to take consolation in his exceptional impact and productivity as movie director, screenwriter, and producer who excelled in his chosen field. Reacting to the news of his demise, the Deputy President of the Senate noted that beginning from the days when only very little technical resources were available during the 1990s, Chico Ejiro who originally studied Agricultural Science blazed a trail by shooting scores of movies within very short periods, sometimes as short as three days. “No doubt, the passing of our dear Chico Ejiro has darkened memories of Christmas Day this year but this great Isoko son from Delta State has significantly contributed towards lifting up our nation’s positive image in ways that only few in his chosen field can compare. “Even though he completed his earthly assignment at the age of 57, movie-making was second nature to this great patriot whose output with blockbuster films including ‘Deadly Affair’, ‘Blood Money’, ‘Silent Night’ and hundreds of others, earned him the alias of ‘Mr. Prolific’. “We must note too, that through the efforts of patriots like Chico Ejiro, Nigeria became globally acknowledged as the third highest film producing country and a major source of inspiration for other African countries who also embraced the video format of most of our films,” he stated. While commiserating with Chico’s wife, Joy Ejiro, their four children, the late film director’s brothers, Zeb and Peter Ejiro as well as the Nollywood family, Senator Omo-Agege prayed for divine fortitude to see them through this dark period, adding that the significance of Chico Ejiro’s achievements and records far outstrip the 57 years he spent on earth.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has expressed shock over the death of Senator Benjamin Uwajimogu, describing it as a deep personal loss. Omo-Agege who expressed sadness in a statement signed by his Special Adviser, Media and Publicity, Mr. Yomi Odunuga,… December 18, 2019 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy President of the Senateh, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has expressed deep shock and grief over the death of Mr. Anthony Chucks Obuh, a one-time leading governorship aspirant in Delta State. This was made available to newsmen in a statement signed by the… December 16, 2019 In "News" Death has occurred of a top notch Nollywood film maker, Chico Ejiro. Information reaching News Express says Chico, the third of the three Ejiro brothers, died on Christmas morning in Lagos. The cause of his death was not disclosed as at the time of going to press. “Mr Prolific”, as… December 25, 2020 In "Entertainment"