The Kano State Hisbah Board has arrested 43 people for prostitution and illegal sale of alcohol substances at Kwanar Gafan vegetable market in Garun Malam Local Government Area of the state. Dr Harun Ibn-Syna, the Commander General of Hisbah who paraded the suspects on Monday in Sharada quarters, confirmed the arrest. “Out of the 43, 34 are females while the remaining nine are males, aged between 15 and 18. “The investigation conducted on the suspects also revealed that, out of the male number, eight were found selling hard drugs and one person found in possession of 80 cartons of different bottles of beer,’’ Ibn-Syna said. He said that 14 were HIV positive, 10 knew their status while four do not know, and that three rolls of males and female condoms were also recovered at the market.  He said that the arrest was jointly organized between the Hisbah board and the Nigeria Drug Law Enforcement Agency. Earlier, the Director-General of the board, Dr Aliyu Kibiya, disclosed that most of the suspects are from Kano, while some of them are from neighboring states which include Adamawa, Anambra, Cross River, Bauchi, Benue, Kaduna, Niger, Gombe, and Taraba. NAN Kano  -  Kano State Hisbah Board repatriated 60, 822 beggars to their respective states of origin and other countries between 2014 and 2015. The Director-General of the board, Alhaji Abba Sufi made the disclosure on Monday in Kano in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). He said… December 21, 2015 In "News" The Kano state council of Friday mosque Imams has commended the Upper Shari’a court for passing death sentence on 22-year-old Yahaya Sharif-Aminu over alleged blasphemy against Prophet Muhammad. Chairman of the council, Muhammad Nasir Adam, according to Kano Focus, urged Governor Abdullahi Ganduje to sign the death warrant. The Governor… August 13, 2020 In "News" Kano  -   The Kano State Hisbah Board said it had arrested 31 young girls for alleged involvement in immoral acts. Malam Sani Tanko, the Public Relations Officer of the board, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Kano on Friday that the suspects were apprehended in a Hotel… March 26, 2016 In "News"