Military intelligence operatives of Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) have arrested two suspects in connection with the killing of a District Head in Atyap Chiefdom of Zangon Kataf local government of Kaduna state. The District Head of Gidan Zaki, Mr. Haruna Kuye and his son, Destiny Kuye were killed at their residence in Gidan Zaki on 17th November 2020, while his wife and daughter were injured by the assailants. In the latest operations report update, the military disclosed that its operatives have tracked and arrested two suspects, a statement signed by Kaduna state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan on Friday said. According to the report, “Goma Maisamari and Daniel Maisamari (alias Umma) were arrested at Kampani Amawa village of Zangon Kataf local government area. Other persons suspected of involvement are still on the run. “Meanwhile, the two children, Rebecca Andrew and Clement Andrew, who were missing after the counter killing of 30th November 2020, at Ungwan Bido in Jema’a local government area have been found. “Chairman of Jema’a local government, Hon. Peter Danjuma Averik confirmed the recovery of the two minors. “Governor Nasir el-Rufai commended the military for the progress in investigating the killing of Mr. Haruna Kuye and urged security to sustain the tempo by apprehending the suspects that are still at large. “The Governor also expressed his delight at the recovery of the two children that were missing in Ungwan Bido. “Security agencies are maintaining ground and air patrols on the Kaduna-Abuja Road which stretches to Kachia, Chikun and Kagarko local government areas. Similar patrols are being conducted on the Kaduna-Kachia Road and in locations in Igabi, Birnin Gwari and Giwa local government areas.” He urged citizens of the state to take recourse to the emergency phone lines and email address below whenever they are faced with security challenges: 09034000060 08170189999 Internal.Security@kdsg.gov.ng and @KDSG_MISHA The Nation Some unknown gunmen have invaded the residence of a traditional ruler and shot him dead. The tragic incident happened in Kaduna. According to TheCable, Haruna Kuye, district head of Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state was killed in the early hours of Tuesday. Kuye and his… November 17, 2020 In "News" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Kaduna State Government says it is intensifying efforts toward ensuring permanent peace and security across the state. Gov. Nasir El-Rufai gave the assurance through the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, during a sympathy visit to Gora Gan village, Zangon Kataf Local Government Area,… January 21, 2020 In "News" By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna - Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, has urged elected officials, traditional and community leaders to counter the false claims on the crisis in Zangon Kataf and Kauru Local Government Areas of the state.A statement by the governor’s media aide, Muyiwa Adekeye, said El-Rufai gave the… July 15, 2020 In "News"