Nigerian musician, Simi has found herself in trouble after a video of her romancing a teenager surfaced online.  In the video, the sensational singer could be seen chilling in bed with a teenage boy and touching his body. Although the video which was shared by the mother of one looked like it was on the set of a musical video, this still was not enough to convince social media users. Many people have questioned her accusing her of abusing an underage teenager. Some social media users say the boy is not up to 18 and could be around 15 or 16 years and have used the opportunity to attack her. Captioning the post, Simi wrote; @Wachu doing on Friday? Cos I just wanna be there for you. Concerned fans and friends however took to the comment section to pour out their mind. See some of the comments below; emmaohmagod wrote “Oh lawd! Where is boda moroof o!!!” @tosinolabisi wrote “Oyinbo, let AG baby catch you sho gbo” @coolboyonthebeat wrote “AG baby where are you ooo” @elsat_singsong wrote “Is AG baby aware??” @dolapoklasick wrote “Kunle come and see ooo!!!!” @olaidebaby_ wrote @Adekunle Gold’s next song “Oyinbo ti gbayawo mo mi lowo” Reacting, Simi said she meant no harm. According to her, the boy is not 16, but could be 19+.  A post shared by Simi (@symplysimi)  Source Nigerian songstress, Simi has shared her thoughts on the implication of yahoo boys activities on hardworking Nigerians. In a live Instagram video, the soft-spoken singer criticized internet fraudsters after a fan told her to leave Yahoo boys alone because most of them are the ones buying her songs and watching… April 7, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja -   Alternative afropop singers Johnny Drille and Simisola Ogunleye popularly known as Simi have released a colourful video for their recent collaboration `Halleluya’ on YouTube. They both announced the release of the video on Tuesday through their Instagram handles @johnnydrille and @simplysimi where they posted… August 29, 2018 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja   -      Musicians Folarin ‘Falz’ Falana and Ric Hassani have joined fans to react to the ongoing wedding between Adekunle Gold and Simisola Ogunleye. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that news of the wedding between the two music stars broke on Wednesday morning causing a… January 9, 2019 In "Entertainment"