LAGOS – Popular Nollywood star, Funke Akindele-Bello, has given her fans an insight into the way her family works. The ‘Omo Ghetto’ star revealed that during a disagreement with her husband, Abdulrasheed Bello, fondly called JJC Skillz, she is usually the first to apologise. The actress who recently released her latest project, Omo Ghetto The Saga, made this statement during an interview session on the programme Your View which airs on TVC. “When we have disagreements, I apologise first. You know me; it is mouth that I have. I will say everything and just let it go and my anger span is very short but Abdul’s own is longer, so, he takes his time before he gets angry. Abdul does not get angry easily, he takes things easy. “And Abdul knows how to communicate better; so, if I am having issues with someone I am working with, I usually go and report the person to him. I ask him, ‘what do we do now because you know that I don’t know how to talk o.’ Then he tells me to calm down and goes to talk to the person,” the ace actress said.The Jenifa’s Diary actress who co-produces most of her projects with her husband further spoke on their working relationship. Akindele-Bello noted that she has the creative juice while her husband handles the technical aspect. In her words, JJC Skillz is “very understanding and he is a very good man.” She said, “For Abdul and me; I am the major producer, Abdul does not produce, he does not even like it. He is a director, he is so technical. I am very creative, he is very technical and he is very good.” Giving a scenario as she mimicked her husband’s British accent, the diva said, “As a co-director with Abdul, if I do not want something, I tell him. Like I keep nagging, where is your shot list, where is your shot list? We have to get this shot list. I say it like two days before; I tell him let us talk about the shot list but he says, ‘Yo, Yo, I am coming.’ With his accent, but he has everything in his head. So, when we get to the set, I tell him what I want us to do but he will reply saying, ‘Yo, Yo see this place is small. We have to manage it’. *The Punch By reporters Ikeja - An Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court on Monday Sentenced Nollywood star, Funke Akindele, and her husband, AbdulRasheed Bello, to 14 days community service each for violating social distancing regulation of Lagos State. The couple had admitted guilt before Chief Magistrate Yewande Aje-Afunwa during arraignment on Monday. Aje-Afunwa… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja - The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB), regulator Nigeria’ film industry has joined Nollywood stakeholders to appealed to Lagos State Government to grant state pardon to actress Funke Akindele. Alhaji Adebayo Thomas, the Executive Director of NFVCB, said this in an interview with the… June 12, 2020 In "Entertainment" Popular Nigerian Dancer, Korra Obidi cries out over the humiliation and harassment of a fellow dancer. A video was seen going viral yesterday of police harassing a dancer as they carried him and almost strangled him to death. Korra Obidi was really angry as she recounted her experience on how… August 12, 2019 In "Entertainment"