A male nurse in Indonesia has been suspended after admitting that he stripped off his personal protective equipment (PPE) to have sex in a toilet with a man infected with COVID-19, according to reports. “It is true that there has been a suspected incident of a same-sex relationship between a health worker and a COVID-19 patient at the Wisma Atlet Emergency Hospital,” said Asep Gunawan of the National Nurses Association. He said the nurse “must follow legal processing,” the Indonesia Expat reported. The incident in Jakarta came to light when the patient boasted about the romp on his Twitter account on Friday, according to the UK’s Sun. He uploaded a screenshot of WhatsApp messages between the horny couple – including details about lubricants and the size of their genitals, the news outlet reported. The patient also posted an image of the nurse’s PPE lying on the floor as the pair got it on. “This case has been transferred to the Central Jakarta Police. We have secured the health worker to become a witness and asked for further information,” said Lt. Col. Arh Herwin of the Regional Military Command. “Meanwhile, the patient continues to undergo isolation at the Athlete’s House,” he added, referring to a former Olympic athletes accommodation village that was transformed into a coronavirus hospital. The two men were later administered coronavirus tests. The patient was found to still be positive while the nurse tested negative, officials said. If convicted, the men face prison sentences of up to 10 years. (www.newsnow.co.uk) Jakarta - More than 790,000 pieces of best quality personal protective equipment (PPE) have been distributed to hospitals across Indonesia to protect the medical workers from COVID-19 infections amid the growing death toll of medical workers, the government said on Sunday. “Appropriate use of PPE complying with the standard operating… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" By Chimezie Anaso AWKA - Inadequate supply of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) is having a negative effect on the level of service delivery at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital (NAUTH), Nnewi, its Chief Medical Director (CMD), Prof. Anthony Igwegbe has said. Igwegbe confirmed this in an interview with the… April 19, 2020 In "Health" There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health"