Williams Michael Ogwezi, a Nigerian man, who is also known as Dr. Williams has been arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).  The man was nabbed for parading himself as a staff of the Commission to defraud his unsuspecting victims. The suspect accused of being a member of a syndicate that specializes in forging identity cards of the Commission as well as those of other law enforcement agencies, was arrested in Lagos, following a report received by the Commission from the Nigeria Police Area Command Ajah, Lagos. Investigation revealed that the suspect had defrauded one of his victims, a lady, of jewelry valued at N10, 000,000.00 (Ten Million Naira) before his arrest. The suspect has reportedly confessed to the crime and items recovered from him at the point of arrest include an identity card with inscription of EFCC, EFCC face masks, three laptops, three mobile phones and two vehicles (Lexus and Hyundai Genesis). Head of Media and Publicity of the EFCC, Mr Wilson Uwujaren averred that he will soon be charged to court.  Source By Suleiman Shehu Ibadan - The Oyo State Police Command has arrested a 37-year-old commercial motorcyclist for allegedly raping a 34-year-old woman and beheading the victim’s five-year-old son. The state Commissioner of Police, Shina Olukolu, made the disclosure on Friday while addressing newsmen at the headquarters of the command in… December 21, 2019 In "Metro" By Harrison Arubu Abuja -  The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says it has arrested a “pastor’’ over an alleged contract scam of N1.8 billion. The spokesman of the commission, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, who disclosed this in a statement in Abuja on Thursday, identified the suspect as James Ezekiel.… May 31, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Yakubu Uba   Yola -   A fake Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) official who identified himself as Simon Bolki, has been arrested on Tuesday in Adamawa House of Assembly while attempting to dupe the Majority Leader, Mr Hassan Barguma. Barguma told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… September 4, 2018 In "News"