There was a protest in Kastina State on Sunday over the abduction of many schoolboys from the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in the Kankara Local Government Area of the state.  The protesters demanded the prompt rescue of students abducted by bandits on Friday night. The protest was led by a woman who identified herself as one of the mothers of the abducted students. The protesters went around the school’s premises and some parts of the town with placards conveying various messages, among which are ‘Government must speak out’, ‘We want our children back’ and ‘We want security in Kankara’. The protesters also chanted songs seeking the rescue of the abducted students. Meanwhile, the Coalition of Northern Groups has threatened to mobilise students and youths to go on protest in Katsina state if the abducted students were not rescued on time. The chairman of the North-West zone of the group, Jamiu Aliyu who addressed a press conference in Katsina said, “We condemn in totality this barbaric act and call for the immediate arrest and prosecution of the culprits, we equally stress the inability of the government to protect those young, innocent, vibrant students from this horrible attack as uncalled for. “Failure of the government to rescue the missing students within a shortest period of time, CNG will not hesitate to mobilize hundreds of thousands on the streets of Katsina state for a continuous protest, until the students are fully rescued, even if it’s going to cost our lives.” Details later… Source BringBackOurGirls campaigners write IG   Following clarifications by the Inspector General of Police, IG, that the police did not ban protest in Abuja over the abducted Chibok Schoolgirls, the #BringBackOurGirls campaign group that is leading the protest wrote a letter to police boss yesterday informing him of the resumption of… June 5, 2014 In "News" ACCRA -  Hundreds of women on Sunday staged a peaceful protest in Accra, Ghana, against the kidnap of over 200 students of Government Girls' Secondary School, Chibok,  Borno, by Boko Haram. The women marched through some major streets of Accra and ended at the Nigerian High Commissioner's premises where a… May 12, 2014 In "News" The allegation that a group of protesters demanding the return of the abducted Chibok schoolgirls are being sponsored may have been confirmed yesterday as some of its members after gathering in Abuja yesterday, engaged in a free-for-all over money they were promised for participating in the protest. The group, all… July 24, 2014 In "News"