Governor of Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde has urged the federal government to restructure the country.  He made the speech on Tuesday as he said adequate security of lives and properties as well as restructuring, is what matters most to Nigerians and not who occupies the seat of the president. A statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Taiwo Adisa, quoted the governor as making the statement in Ibadan at the handover of 33 operational vehicles and 396 motorcycles to the Oyo State arm of Amotekun Corps. The governor, taunted people who he said were running around the country because of their presidential ambition, adding that ‘those politicians would soon know better’. Makinde said, “I have heard some of our political leaders jostling around and saying they want to become the president of Nigeria in 2023. “I think what we need at this stage is to secure our people and restructure Nigeria. It does not matter who is the president in Abuja. In a restructured Nigeria, every corner of the country will feel the impact of government. That is what we need. “May God protect those running around for presidency till 2022. By that time, we will meet and, by then, we will get to know whether it is restructured Nigeria or Yoruba presidency that we really need.” Governor Makinde lauded Amotekun, saying the impact of the security agency was being felt all over the state. “If we cannot get state police now, this country will get there. We have community policing, but we need to do better than that. But, in the absence of the state police, we have our own Amotekun Corps and the operatives are doing very well,“ he added. Col. Olayinka Olayanju (retd), Commandant of the Amotekun Corps, said the corps would do everything possible “to stem the tide of rising security challenges, particularly during this festive period.”  Source …says ‘we’re providing safe, secure environment for investors' Oyo State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde said on Tuesday that his administration has been providing a safe and secure state for investors in the state, warning criminally-minded elements to stay away from the state and the South-West geopolitical zone. The governor, who… March 10, 2020 In "News" IBADAN - Oyo State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde has said that the Yoruba people must remain united if they hope to achieve the much-desired growth in the South West. The governor, who was represented at the public presentation of an autobiography titled Awo,  by his Deputy, Engineer Rauf  Olaniyan,  said… June 27, 2019 In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has directed caretaker chairmen across the 33 Local Government Areas and the 35 Local Council Development Areas to set up security committees to tackle insecurity. Makinde gave the directive at a meeting with the caretaker chairmen in Ibadan. He… August 27, 2020 In "Politics"