Pan-Ohanaeze Ndigbo socio-political organisation, Conference of Igbo Elders for Peace and Development, has encouraged governors of the South-East region to establish a security outfit, to curb the rising cases of banditry and kidnapping ravaging the region. This is even as the National President, Dr. Festus Edochie, and Secretary Barr Esther Amadi, in a statement on Thursday, disowned the security outfit purportedly set up by the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, noting that it is an illegal outfit that would plunge the region into a deeper problem with the Federal Government. Edochie said: “We observe with utmost shock and concern a disturbing video of a group of some misguided youths codename Eastern Security Network, bearing arms and circulating on the social media. “In the said video, the group which claimed to be operating somewhere in Anambra State carried Ak-47 and other dangerous weapons under the guise of providing security against violent crimes being committed by herdsmen in the region. “We condemn this group and its activities in its entirety and call on all southeast governors and well-meaning Ndigbo to come out and condemn this act of criminality being sponsored by a self-appointed leader of a proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. “While we recognize perfectly the yearning and desire of every Nigerian today for community policing and self-security due to the insecurity in the country, we insist that it must be done in accordance with the law of the land and by the right people who are legally empowered to do so. “No group or individual has the legal right to bear prohibited firearms of that nature without the proper backing of the law. Hence we must all rise in the South East to not only condemn but also distance ourselves from this act without delay. “No doubt, the current security architecture of Nigeria has failed and Nigerians deserve to protect themselves but that must be done within the premise of the law. “We are Nigerians and cannot form a parallel security arm that bears prohibited firearms for any reason in our region. “It is not in the place of IPOB to organize such a group armed with automatic weapons, no lawful country or citizen will support that, even the civilian Joint Task Force which is supported by law with members assisting in fighting terrorism in Borno State and other parts of North East don’t use automatic weapons. “In the South West, also Amotekun which is lawfully set up by the authorities in the region does not use automatic firearms.  “Bearing prohibited firearms under any guise is unacceptable, “Only Dane guns and pump-action rifles can be licensed in Nigeria. We have restrictions in Nigeria on the use of firearms and nobody is above this law. Criminals use these illegally. “The obvious gap in our national security notwithstanding, a proscribed organization like IPOB does not have the right to arm a group of young men with automatic weapons in the name of a security network or any nomenclature. It is totally unacceptable and must be resisted by all Ndigbo of goodwill. “We are therefore calling on all the Southeast governors and businessmen in the region to pull resources together and form a security outfit like Amotekun or civilian JTF backed by law, which can be controlled and be effective. “Finally, we wish to call on the southeast governors, Ohanaeze Ndigbo and other well-meaning groups to come out to condemn the act of criminality that may spark unrest in the region thus portraying Ndigbo as bad and lawless people.” The Nation The newly launched security outfit by Indigenous People of Biafra leader, Nnamdi Kanu to protect the south has caused ruckus in the region. The Youth wing of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo yesterday while distancing itself from the group, said they were not consulted before the forming of the security outfit named… December 17, 2020 In "News" South East Governors, yesterday, said they are committed to the security and welfare of Ndigbo and would stop at nothing to ensure that the geopolitical zone is secured against banditry and invasion of killer herdsmen. The governors gave the assurance in response to the Igbo Union, an organization of citizens… June 20, 2020 In "News" Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council has alleged that the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) is sponsored by politicians within and outside the country, especially a northern presidential candidate. It also claimed IPOB leader Nnamdi Kanu’s popularity soared because of President Muhammadu Buhari’s poor handling of the economy, which exposed the citizenry… August 26, 2019 In "News"