The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) has commenced the closure of 42 Microfinance Banks (MFBs) which operating licences were recently revoked by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) with verification of their respective depositors. This was disclosed in a release signed by the Director, Claims Resolution Department of the Corporation, Mrs. Nurat Ajigbewu, in Abuja on Monday. According to the NDIC, the CBN revoked the operating licences of the failed MFBs with effect from Thursday 12th November, 2020. Consequently, the Corporation as the official liquidator of the banks commenced the process of closure and payment of insured sums to verified depositors of the banks. In carrying out this mandate, the Corporation has requested all depositors of the closed banks to visit the respective banks’ addresses from Monday 21st – Thursday 24th December, 2020 where NDIC officials would be on ground to verify their claims.  The release listed the affected MFBs as Hedgeworth MFB, Future Growth MFB, Bagwai MFB, Ere City MFB, Cafon MFB, Akcofed MFB and Gufax MFB. Others are Partnership MFB, ICB MFB, Onima MFB, Hometrust (Nations) MFB, Ringim MFB, Bigthana MFB, Rogo MFB, Makoda MFB, Takai MFB, Bebeji MFB, Ajingi MFB, Garko MFB, Kangiwa MFB, Augie MFB and Mopa MFB. Also on the list are Solid Base MFB, Ultimate Benefit MFB, Ovidi MFB, Kirfi MFB, Credit Express MFB, King Solomon MFB, Riggs MFB, Billionaire Blue Bricks MFB, Susu MFB, Wealthstream MFB, Aguda Titun MFB, Sapphire MFB, Metro MFB, Mountain Top MFB, Unyogba MFB, Wapo MFB, Ibogun MFB, Korede MFB, Ahetou MFB and Fufore MFB. The Corporation requested eligible depositors to visit the banks’ locations with proof of account ownership such as passbook and cheque book as well as valid means of identification to enhance their verification. The Nation Forty-two microfinance banks in Nigeria have lost their licences. This comes after the microfinance banks were iquidated by the Central Bank of Nigeria. The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation, NDIC, disclosed this in a statement, saying it would promptly commence the verification of claims of depositors of the affected banks from… December 21, 2020 In "Business" By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan The appearance of Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) at the public hearing organised by Senate Committee on Banking, Insurance and other Financial Institutions to defend its quest for amendments of its 2006 Act last March has ignited a debate on the pros and cons of the proposed amendment. The debate is welcome in a democratic set up like ours, in that… May 10, 2015 In "Opinion" ABUJA - The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) said on Thursday that it would pay more than N588. 6 million as depositors' liabilities for 33 out of the 83 closed Micro Finance Banks (MFBs). This is contained in a report signed by the Head of Communications and Public Affairs of… June 5, 2014 In "Business"