AWKA (Sundiata Post) – The Anambra State Government has congratulated James Eze, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Willie Obiano, for winning the 2020 Association of Nigerian Authors (ANA) Poetry Prize at the weekend. James Eze won the coveted prize with his critically acclaimed debut collection of poems, Dispossessed, at the just ended 39th ANA International Convention which took place in Ilorin, Kwara State. Governor Obiano quickly called Eze to congratulate him on hearing the news, according to the Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba, who disclosed that many other cabinet members have also praised the author, describing the ANA prize as “the shape of things to come”. ANA Prizes are Nigeria’s longest-running literary prizes and arguably the most respected because they represent the opinion of writers on the art and craft of their fellow writers. James Eze’s prize came exactly one year after Dispossessed was published to a grand reception by critics and fellow poets and writers in Awka, the Anambra State capital. The book has since been given pride of place by leading online retailers in the US, Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, South Korea, Ireland, South Africa, India and Russia. Some poems were read at a session of the Anambra State Executive Council on publication, becoming pergaps the first time poems were read at any cabinet in Nigeria’s recent history. James Eze’s Dispossessed which bears the subtitle “poetry of innocence, transgression and atonement” is indeed a revelation structured in the lower case style of the great American avant-garde poet,  EE Cummings. With poetic influences from such immortal poets as Christopher Okigbo, Pablo Neruda, TS Eliot, Ezra Pound and W.B. Yeats, it is little wonder that James Eze beat all comers to win the ANA Prize for poetry. By Omuboye Sukubo   Port Harcourt    -      The Port Harcourt Literary Society has appointed Mr Chijioke Amu-Nnadi, an award winning poet and a Deputy Director in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), as Resident Poet of the organisation. The appointment letter was presented to Amu-Nnadi at the… October 21, 2017 In "News" By Chimezie Anaso   Awka   -     The Anambra State Government says it plans to partner with an Austrian firm to generate electricity through waste-to-energy technology. Mr James Eze, the Chief Press Secretary (CPS) to Gov. Willie Obiano stated this in a statement on Wednesday in Awka. Eze, who is part… July 4, 2018 In "News" By Chimezie Anaso   Awka   -     Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra, who was sworn in Saturday for his second tenure, has re-appointed Prof. Solo Chukwulobelu, as the Secretary to the State Government. A statement by Dr Daniel Ezeanwu, Permanent Secretary, Office of the Secretary to the State… March 19, 2018 In "News"