Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the Lagos State Governor, has said the people of the state cannot afford yet another total lockdown as Lagos enters the second wave of the novel coronavirus pandemic, The PUNCH reports. The economic capital of Nigeria was locked down for over five weeks between March and May this year as part of measures to curb the spread of COVID-19. The lockdown had a tremendous effect on economic activities with the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry putting the loss at about N3bn in the period under review. Many jobs were also lost as airlines, hotels, banks, amongst others cut their workforce due to the crushing effect of the lockdown. Sanwo-Olu, in a statement on Saturday, said a fresh lockdown would be inimical to the state’s healing economy. He, therefore, urged all Lagosians to observe all prescribed protocols by health authorities including the use of face masks, social distancing and regular handwashing. Sanwo-Olu said, “Yesterday, we issued guidelines to help us in the next phase of our battle with the virus. Lagosians have relaxed and the effects are evident with increasing cases and unfortunate deaths. “These guidelines will affect us all but we need to be strong and we need to persevere. “We cannot afford another total lockdown so I enjoin us to keep observing the prescribed protocols and the required lifestyle adjustments that will help us enter 2021 stronger, healthier, and safer.” The governor, who is in isolation after he contracted COVID-19, also appreciated the prayers and support of all Lagosians and Nigerians. He said, “I am overwhelmed by your show of love and concern about my health and wellbeing. I must admit that the gesture touched me deeply and reaffirmed our connection to one another as humans. “I acknowledge and thank you very sincerely and pray that none of us will lose our lives to COVID-19, and in any other preventable circumstance. “To families that have lost loved ones to the virus, I pray that God grants you the fortitude to bear the loss.” Lagos is a major entry point in Nigeria with over 60% of incoming passenger traffic going through the Murtala Muhammed International Airport in the state. The state has also recorded over 24,000 infections including more than 200 associated deaths. The Lagos state government has dismissed reports that the lockdown in the state due to the Coronavirus pandemic has been lifted for the Easter celebration this weekend. At the press briefing today, the state Commissioner for Information, Gbenga Omotoso, said the lockdown is still in full force. He said it… April 9, 2020 In "News" Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has urged residents of Lagos state to dismiss speculations that the two-week Coronavirus lockdown has been suspended. He admonished the citizens to “think long term” and stay safe while the country is still combatting the ravaging pandemic. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this announcement while commemorating with… April 10, 2020 In "Politics" •Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State Since the Federal Ministry of Health confirmed the first case of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Nigeria on Thursday, February 27, 2020, through the entry of an Italian citizen who works in Nigeria, the Lagos State Government has provided effective and exemplary leadership in containing… May 18, 2020 In "Opinion"