Omah Lay and Tems have been welcomed at the Nigeria High Comission in Uganda after they were released from police custody in the country.  Recall that Tems and Omah Lay were arrested on Sunday, following a Saturday night performance at The Big Brunch, a concert, that held at Speke Resort, Kampala. The music acts were remanded in prison on Monday for flouting COVID-19 rules in the country. Omah Lay was remanded at Kitalya prison and Ms Tems at Kigo prison. Following the massive calls for their immediate release from custody by fans and most music enthusiasts around the world, the two are now walking freely in the country. Photos have surfaced online showing the Nigerian music acts in Nigeria High Commission in Uganda. Earlier today, the Chairman of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Omah Lay and Tems shared the news of their release, according to Abike, they are free and currently in the office of the Nigerian High Commission in Uganda.  Abike Dabiri-Erewa disclosed this on twitter writing; Breaking: Temilade ( Tems) has been freed and handed over to the Nigerian mission in Uganda. Onah lay ⁦@Omah_Lay⁩ is expected soon ⁦@PeterPsquare⁩ pic.twitter.com/Pe8yEbt1wT  Sourcee Singers, Omah Lay and Tems are currently trending on Nigeria social media platforms following the news that they have been remanded in prisons in Uganda. Both singers were arrested by the Uganda Police Force for flouting COVID-19 guidelines. They were arrested after their performances at The Big Brunch, which held… December 15, 2020 In "Entertainment" Fast-rising artists, Tems and Omah Lay are currently topping the Top 100 Ugandan iTunes chart after they were arrested for flouting the COVID-19 rules in the country. Omah Lay and Tems were arrested together on Sunday, December 13, along side their managers for holding a concert at Ddungu resort in… December 15, 2020 In "Entertainment" Omah Lay and Tems, two fast-rising Nigerian singers, have regained freedom from detention in Uganda — about three days after they were arrested. Bebe Cool, a Uganda singer, broke the news on Tuesday alongside documents confirming their release. In the documents, Okumu Jude Muwone, the presiding judge who is the… December 15, 2020 In "Entertainment"