Uche Secondus, national chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Thursday led protesters who called on President Muhammadu Buhari to rescue the students abducted from a secondary school in Kankara, Katsina state.  The demonstration held around Legacy House, an office of the opposition party, in the Maitama district of the federal capital territory (FCT). The protesters, who carried placards with inscriptions such as: “Buhari has failed”, “Shame on PMB”, were also chanting “Buhari, bring back our boys.” At the weekend, gunmen abducted over 300 students from a secondary school in Kankara, Katsina.  TheCable had visited the school and obtained pictures of some of the abducted students. The faction of Boko Haram led Abubakar Shekau has since claimed responsibility for the abduction of the schoolboys. Speaking with reporters on Thursday, Secondus said their only request is for the president to rescue the students.  “This is a peaceful protest. All we saying, Buhari bring back our boys in Katsina. It is important – we are in pain, the parents are in pain,” Secondus said. Ongoing in Maitama, Abuja-The @OfficialPDPNig National Chairman, @UcheSecondus, addressing Concerned Mothers, in a peaceful protest, calling on the  President @Mbuhari led @OfficialAPCNg administration for the rescue of their children in Kankara, Katsina State. @officialKolaO pic.twitter.com/dmTnfoOSWP  There was a protest in Kastina State on Sunday over the abduction of many schoolboys from the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in the Kankara Local Government Area of the state. The protesters demanded the prompt rescue of students abducted by bandits on Friday night. The protest was led by… December 13, 2020 In "News" A screenshot taken on December 14, 2020, shows a classroom block at the Government Science Secondary School, Ƙankara, Katsina State. A resident of Ƙankara Local Government Area has revealed why bandits abducted over 300 schoolboys in Katsina State. The man who does not want his identity revealed told Channels Television… December 14, 2020 In "News" In a new video released by Boko Haram, one of the abducted students has opened up how the bandits attacked their school, killed and abducted some of them. Recall that the incident happened last week Friday at the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. One of the students speaking… December 17, 2020 In "News"