All those who had close contact with the late Cross River Police Commissioner have been directed to to report for isolation by the Chief Medical Director, CMD, of the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital.  Professor Ikpeme Ikpeme gave the directive while reacting to the death of Mr Jimoh Ibrahim the Cross River State Police Commissioner at the COVID-19 Isolation Centre in the hospital this morning. He said Ibrahim was brought to the hospital practically dead and advised all those who were with him to report for COVID-19 tests and self isolation. Mr Ibrahim who is from Kwara State died at the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital, UCTH, reportedly of pneumonia complications. A source close to the man, Mr Rasheed Olariwaju, the AIT reporter in Cross River told Vanguard that the man was rushed to the UCTH this morning where he gave up the ghost. He said as a Muslim, plans are afoot to take his body to Kwara State for Muslim rites and subsequent burial. Ms Irene Ugbo, the Cross River State Police Command spokesman did not pick calls but another police source said the man was diabetic and had complained of not feeling well for some time.  Source By Christian Njoku Calabar - The Cross River Commissioner for Health, Dr Betta Edu, on Friday said sample of a suspected COVID-19 case in Cross River had been sent to the Irrua Specialist Hospital in Edo for a analysis. Edu who was reacting to the death of a nurse at… May 22, 2020 In "Health" CALABAR - In spite of the claims by the Cross River State Government that it has successfully checked COVID-19 from entering the state, the death of a lawmaker, Godwin Akwaji, is being attributed to the dreaded virus, TheCable is reporting. Akwaji, representing Obudu constituency at the Cross River State House… June 18, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - Seventy-six Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020. By the close of work on Friday, 12 June 2020, the… June 20, 2020 In "News"