Lt Gen Tukur Buratai, the Chief of Army Staff, has cancelled invitations to the wedding of his son, Hamisu Tukur Buratai.  The army chief canceled the wedding invitations after a senior military officer tested positive for COVID-19 at the ongoing Chief of Army Staff Annual Conference in Abuja. Hamisu is expected to get married on Friday, December 11, 2020. Sagir Musa, Acting Director, Army Public Relations, disclosed this in a statement on Thursday. Musa also announced the cancellation of the remaining activities of the conference and urged all the participants to immediately proceed on self-isolation in line with the Nigerian government’s protocol for COVID-19 and to prevent any further spread of the disease. The statement reads, “This is to inform your excellencies, your royal highnesses, distinguished senators, honourable members, respected elders, friends, brothers, sisters and other invited guests that due to resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja in what appears to be a second wave of infection cycle and the unfortunate incident on Tuesday, December 8, 2020, where an officer participating in the ongoing Chief of Army Staff’s annual conference 2020 here in Abuja tested positive to COVID-19, it resulted in the cancellation of the remaining activities of the conference. “All the participants have been mandated to immediately proceed on self-isolation in line with the Federal Government’s protocol for COVID-19 and to prevent any further spread of the disease. “Consequently, the Chief of Army Staff wishes to inform all dignitaries and other guests that activities earlier scheduled for the wedding of his son, Hamisu Tukur Buratai, will proceed as arranged albeit pruned down without the participation of all those who were at the conference. “The Chief of Army Staff, on behalf of his family, feels honoured to appreciate, thank and welcome all dignitaries sincerely and invited guests to his son’s wedding Fatiha slated for Friday. However, due to the resurgence of the pandemic in the FCT, General Buratai will be unable to personally attend to, receive or meet you at the event. All inconveniences hereby regretted please.” According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, the country has recorded a total of 70,699 confirmed cases, 65,242 recoveries and 1,184 deaths.  Source The Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, on Monday dared human rights activists, who had threatened to drag him and other officers and soldiers of the Nigerian Army to the International Criminal Court. Buratai, who stated this while addressing principal staff officers, general officers commanding and field… October 27, 2020 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja, - The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has commended the roles played by all officers and men of the Nigerian Army in counter insurgency operations in the North East as well as those on other operations across the country and abroad. Buratai gave the… December 26, 2019 In "News" By Sumaila OgbajeAbuja, Dec. 26, 2019 (NAN) The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has commended the roles played by all officers and men of the Nigerian Army in counter insurgency operations in the North East as well as those on other operations across the country and abroad. Buratai… December 29, 2019 In "News"