President Muhammadu Buhari, Governors Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State and Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state are expected to address the 344 rescued students of Government Science Secondary School, Katsina later Friday.  The Nation recalled that Governor Aminu Bello Masari had earlier on Friday at about 9.26 am received the rescued boys at Government House Katsina, from the commander 17 Brigade, Brigadier-General W.B Idris. Masari had during the reception of the boys assured that the incident which saw the abduction of the boys by kidnappers will never repeat again adding that the state government will beef up security in schools as well as work closely with security agencies to address insecurity in the state He said, “today is historic, not only for Katsina state and Nigeria, but also for the Children that were rudely abducted from their school. We commend the effort made by the security agencies and other relevant authorities in ensuring the release of the boys “We thank god for his mercies and continue to pray for His guidance and protection’’ ‘’For those who actually participated in ensuring their release we thank you, security is the responsibility of every one.’’ While acknowledging that the incident that happened in Kankara affected the whole the state cutting across the 34 local government areas of the state, he assured that his administration will strive to restore peace in the state He charged the pupils to see their experience as journey to adulthood that will be permanently kept in their memory for a long time, assuring that the state government will continue to discharge its responsibility of protecting lives and properties Earlier in his welcome address, the Commander 17 Brigadier, Brigadier-General WB Idris, noted that the rescue of the boys was as result of collective efforts by security agencies in the state He said “the continued efforts by security agencies to rescue the boys have yielded positive results today; we are handing over 344 students of GSSS Kankara to you so that you can hand them over to their parents.’’ The pupils are expected to be taken to the hospital for checks, profiled by the education authorities before they are handed over to their parents Source A screenshot taken on December 14, 2020, shows a classroom block at the Government Science Secondary School, Ƙankara, Katsina State. A resident of Ƙankara Local Government Area has revealed why bandits abducted over 300 schoolboys in Katsina State. The man who does not want his identity revealed told Channels Television… December 14, 2020 In "News" Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has commended the nation’s intelligence agencies, the military and Police Force over the release of the kidnapped students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Buhari who gave the commendation in a statement released by his Senior Special Adviser… December 18, 2020 In "Top Stories"