Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President Muhammadu Buhari has cancelled the annual Christmas homage to the State House by religious and community leaders of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). The President’s decision, according to a statement issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity Mallam Garba Shehu, was taken in compliance with the instructions by the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, especially the restriction on large gatherings. “In line with the prevailing protocol put in place by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, restricting large gatherings, President Muhammadu Buhari will not be hosting the usual Christmas homage by religious and community leaders in the Federal Capital Territory. “The President urges all citizens to, in line with the prescribed protocol, observe social distancing, use face masks, wash hands frequently and avoid overcrowding of public spaces, markets, shopping centres, offices and places of worship. “President Buhari equally appeals to citizens to discourage all non-essential travels during the holiday season. He wishes everyone a Happy Christmas and a Prosperous New Year ahead,” the statement said. President Muhammadu Buhari said that in a bid to prevent the spread of coronavirus, there is no need for government officials, political leaders, community heads, Muslim and Christian religious leaders and children to pay him Eid-el-Fitr homages at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, The PUNCH reports. He explained that his decision… May 22, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari says he will be conducting his Eid prayers with his family at home as directed by the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar III, who is also the President General of the Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), The President, in a statement released… May 22, 2020 In "Politics" The Presidency has cancelled this year’s Eid-el-Fitr homage to President Muhammadu Buhari by various communities. The Presidency also said the President would be conducting a private Eid prayers with his family to mark the end of the month-long Ramadan fasting. These were contained in a statement issued by Senior Special… May 22, 2020 In "News"