Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo has recalled how his life was spared in the February 13, 1976 military coup that claimed the lives of many.  According to Obasanjo, if not for General Olu Bajowa (Rtd), he will not be able to tell the story today. Obasanjo said the Bajowu was the one who saved him from the bullets of Lieutenant Colonel Buka Dimka. According to Obasanjo, who stated this at Igbotako in Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State during the celebration of the 80th birthday of Gen. Bajowa, the former president, stated that “When Dimka coup came, if Olu had not been what and what he is, I would have gone with the coup. Narrating how he was saved, Obasanjo said “I want to say something about Olu. Either he knew it or he didn’t not know. He had a child, a boy, and wanted to name the child after me. He had to call me early in the morning, that morning that Dimka struck. “And because Olu said he was coming, I had to wait a little bit. I waited beyond the time I would have gone out. Olu then came, he made the request and I granted the request. “So, I was a little bit late in going on the route that I normally took to work. And Reinumuje went ahead of me and they thought it was me and they shot his car. They shot his car, Murtala was shot.” Obasanjo emphasized that Bajowa being a performing soldier made him draft him to lead the 11 Battalion during the nation’s civil war. Meanwhile, Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu also lauded the exploits of Gen Bajowa while in the military as he described him as one of the illustrious sons of the state who has brought pride to the sunshine state. Governor Akeredolu, who spoke at the commissioning of a community radio station, Awawa 94.1 FM as part of the activities marking the 80th Birthday of the retired Army General noted that having become a General in the Nigeria Army at the young age of 38 years, Bajowa’s exploit in the Nigerian Army was a thing of pride not only to the state but the country at large. Source By Max Amuchie ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - General Emmanuel Olumuyiwa Abisoye, one-time Federal Commissioner of Health during the military regime of then General Olusegun Obasanjo, is dead. Abisoye, who died on March 17 at age 81, was also a member of the Supreme Military Council, Nigeria's highest decision making body… March 21, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Seun Opejobi Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo has revealed the strategy he used in leading his officers to victory during the Biafra civil war. Obasanjo, who made the revelation in Lagos yesterday said he had to ensure that his orders were not disclosed to Biafran soldiers. He alleged that his… August 7, 2017 In "Politics" Olusegun Obasanjo, a former President of Nigeria, has hailed late Ghanaian ex-President, Jerry Rawlings. Obasanjo says he will remain indebted to Jerry Rawlings, former Ghanaian president who passed away on Thursday. In a condolence letter to the people of Ghana, Obasanjo described Rawlings as a “reliable friend, ally and confidant”… November 13, 2020 In "Politics"