US President Donald Trump has expressed disappointment in the country’s Supreme Court after the apex court rejected a Republican lawsuit that sought to overturn the victory of Democrat Joe Biden in last month’s presidential election.  “I am very disappointed in the United States Supreme Court, and so is our great country!” the Republican incumbent tweeted on Friday. “Democrats would never put up with a Presidential Election stolen by the Republicans!” Trump also alleged. But the president-elect said Trump has had full opportunity to contest the results in court and “in every case no cause or evidence was found to reverse or question or dispute.” Biden, whose victory was formally confirmed by the Electoral College this week, also lashed out at the Republican party for standing behind Trump’s evidence-free claims of mass fraud. But he said the Supreme Court last week sent “a clear signal.” “Let me be clear: The United States of America has always set an example for the world for the peaceful transition of power — and we will do so again,” Biden, who would be sworn in next January, tweeted on Friday.  Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Democrat Joe Biden took a huge step Wednesday to capturing the White House, with wins in Michigan and Wisconsin bringing him close to a majority, but President Donald Trump responded with fury as his campaign sued to suspend vote counting.In a brief address on national television,… November 5, 2020 In "Top Stories" A tense US presidential election was still undecided on Wednesday, even as Democratic candidate Joe Biden’s path to the White House became clearer with projected wins in battlegrounds Wisconsin and Michigan. Biden expressed confidence in winning the race, while President Donald Trump claimed victories in a number of swing states… November 5, 2020 In "Foreign" •Joe Biden After surviving a grueling election campaign and a cliff-hanger election, Joe Biden will most likely enter the White House with a significant achievement under his belt, but little to look forward to. Congressional Republicans and a right-wing Supreme Court will ensure that any attempt at meaningful reform or… November 7, 2020 In "Opinion"