A 24-hour curfew has been imposed on Ode and Isinigbo in Akure North Local Government Area of the state following the violent clashes in the communities.  This is coming after gunmen in the early hours of Friday, December 11, allegedly invaded the palace of the traditional ruler of Isinigbo, Oba Samuel Oyewole Babalola Fadahunsi, the Onijan of Ijan-Ekiti, setting the palace ablaze and killing two people. It was gathered that the gunmen shot the monarch’s brother who later died at the hospital while their driver was burnt inside the vehicle while trying to escape from the scene. The injured traditional ruler was rescued by the residents of the community and rushed to the hospital. The two communities of Ode and Isinigbo had been at war over a land dispute which led to the setting of the palace of the Ajagunode of Ode community, Oba Adewale Boboye, on fire last week. The State Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Donald Ojogo, who confirmed the latest development in a statement, said the curfew takes effect immediately. The Governor equally ordered a massive manhunt for perpetrators of the despicable violence just as investigations are already on to unravel the real cause(s) of same. “With respect to the curfew, security agencies have been directed to ensure total compliance with the order. For emphasis, both Ode and Isinigbo communities have been closed down for any unathourised human movement and activity until further notice.” the statement reads.  Source The Chief of Staff to Ondo State Governor has been left traumatized following the abduction of his wife by kidnappers. Olugbenga Ale's wife was kidnapped in Owena. Ale is the Chief of Staff to Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu. According to Vanguard, sources in Ondo made the confirmation on Friday… November 27, 2020 In "News" ...as VP starts with South-west, meets traditional rulers•Says confident that God helping us, working together as a nation, we shall overcome Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has assigned Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to undertake immediate consultations and dialogue with stakeholders across Nigeria as part of measures to contain… July 21, 2019 In "Top Stories" Ile-Ife (Osun)  -  The new Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, was on Monday presented with the traditional “Ade-Are” crown as the 51st traditional ruler of the ancient town. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Oba Ogunwusi was presented with the crown by the custodian of a place… November 23, 2015 In "News"