Petros Tauya, a nurse from Zimbabwe has lost his life to Coronavirus barely 6 months after he graduated from Sally Mugabe Central hospital.  Bindura Provincial Hospital where the deceased was stationed following his graduation in April 2020, said he died from the disease on December 14. He is survived by his wife and a one-month-old baby. Nurse Read Petros Tauya’s obituary which was published by the Bindura Provincial Hospital below;  Bindura Provincial Hospital wishes to announce the passing on of a hard-working RGN, Petros Tauya who succumbed to CovId 19 on the evening of the 14. of December 2020. Born on the 18. of April 1985 in Bikita District of Masvingo Province. he trained at Sally Mugabe Central hospital and finished his course in April 2020. He joined Bindura Provincial hospital on 07/07/2020 and worked tirelessly in the frontline during the peak of the covid disease. He leaves behind his wife and a one-month-old baby boy. The management and staff of Bindura Provincial Hospital extend our deepest condolence to his wife and the entire Tauya family as they mourn their dear departed”.  Source The husband of an NHS nurse who died after contracting coronavirus has said his wife was “neglected” by the government and more needs to be done to protect frontline workers. Amor Padilla Gatinao, who worked at the NHS for 18 years, died on Friday after contracting COVID-19, the disease caused… April 15, 2020 In "Foreign" UYO - After the death of a woman she allegedly abandoned on suspicion of having COVID-19 a nurse mid-wife at University of Uyo Teaching Hospital (UUTH), Uyo, the Akwa Ibom State, hospital, now has a sad story to tell, following the brutal beating she got from some armed men, who… April 29, 2020 In "Metro" •Brazilian 99-year-old former WWII combatant Ermando Armelino Piveta, gestures as leaves the Armed Forces Hospital in Brasilia, after being treated for the novel coronavirus COVID-19 and discharged, on April 14, 2020. – Piveta was admitted to hospital on April 6 and treated at the hospital’s “COVID Ward”, reserved for positive… April 15, 2020 In "Foreign"