The Imo State chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has dismissed reports that the former governor of the state, Emeka Ihedioha is planning to defect to the All Progressive Congress (APC). Some newspapers as well as other social media news platforms had on Wednesday alleged plans by Ihedioha and some notable leaders of the PDP in the state to decamp to the APC. But, in a statement signed by the State Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Ogubundu Nwadike, the party described the allegation as a ‘mere mischievous inanity’. The party insisted that Ihedioha and other leaders have no plans to leave the party, adding that they have no reason to contemplate such action According to the statement, the party is expecting more people to rejoin it having recently seen Hon. Pascal Okolie, member of the Imo State House of Assembly representing Orlu State Constituency announce his defection and his followers from the ruling APC to the PDP. The statement reads in part: “Ordinarily, we will not dignify such inanity with an official response, but to ensure that nobody is held in doubt about the falsehood inherent in the said story. We not only declare unequivocally that Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha has no plans to leave our dear party, we authoritatively add that he and other leaders of our party in the state have no reason to contemplate such action.  “It is very evident that Rt. Hon. Ihedioha, a life member of the National Executive Committee (NEC) of our party, is a consequential stakeholder and leader whose loyalty and commitment to the PDP since its formation, has never been called to question. His integrity quotient has been tested and proven. It may be necessary to remind that it was via PDP that he has served our country in various high offices, including – Chief Whip, Deputy Speaker and Speaker of the House of Representatives and only recently, elected Governor of Imo State overwhelmingly by the people of Imo State. “However, we are not oblivious of the clandestine efforts by fifth columnists who have perpetually lost sleep over the goodwill, respect and massive support Rt. Hon. Ihedioha enjoys in the state and across the country. The good news is that the sponsors of the joke, are not unknown to Imolites and Nigerians. Without any need to yet publish their identities, we will only assure them that their pettiness is inconsequential”.  The statement assured the party’s teeming members, supporters, Imolites and Nigerians in general that there was no iota of truth in said story that our members are leaving to another party. It insisted that the PDP in the state under the watch of Engr. Charles C. Ugwuh, is intact without any crack or leakage. The Nation