The Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, has said that he will do everything to ensure that the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) does not go on another industrial action.  He explained that three of his biological children have also been victims of the system, so he is personally committed to resolving the issues. “I will not give ASUU the opportunity to go on strike. Because I have three biological children that suffered from this imbroglio that we found ourselves in and about 15 people on my scholarship in Nigerian Universities,” the Minister said on Channels TV’s Politics . “My three biological children are here in Nigerian Universities. They even went to secondary school here. Two of them are American citizens and I had the option of leaving them to go study in America and enjoy the free education or whatever, but I didn’t. So, I am a committed parent. I am involved, even more than some ASUU members because some of them have their children in private schools.” Ngige said this hours after the Academic Staff Union of University (ASUU) “conditionally” suspended its strike, ending a protracted industrial action that started in March. National President of the association, Biodun Ogunyemi made the announcement during a briefing of the union in Abuja on Wednesday. Ogunyemi explained that the development followed the agreement reached with the Federal Government and a meeting with its National Executive Council (NEC). The suspension of the strike takes effect from Thursday, December 24. Meanwhile, the union has stressed that it will not hesitate to commence another strike if the government does not keep to its end of the bargain. But Ngige has vowed to do everything possible to ensure that does not happen. “I will make sure the government does its own bit,” he said. He gave an assurance that the agreement reached is so structured “in such a way that it is a win-win situation for everybody.” “For the revitalisation, we have given government up to the 31st of January to pay that. We have also opened the window so that by the end of February, we will sit down again and review all these situations. Nobody is going to keep anybody in suspense.” Source By Okeoghene Akubuike/ Bukola Adewunmi Abuja - Parents and students in the FCT have commended the Federal Government and Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) for the suspension of the three-month strike. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the strike was suspended on Thursday, Feb. 7, after a… February 8, 2019 In "News" Wednesday’s suspension of the protracted strike by Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) might not restore industrial harmony in public varsities after all. Three other unions of non-academic members of staff have rejected the sharing formula adopted for the N40 billion approved by the Federal Government as Earned Academic Allowance… December 24, 2020 In "News" The Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige has lamented that university students are joining the #EndSARS protest. According to him, the students should be in school instead of protesting. It blamed the development on the industrial action embarked upon by the Academic Staff Union of Universities. Ngige made the… October 16, 2020 In "News"