The Aminu Wali faction of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kano has expelled ex-governor of the state, Rabiu Kwankwaso from the party for alleged anti-party activities. PDP’s new Chairman, Muhammina Lamido, announced this during a press conference on Thursday after holding a state congress meeting in Kano. Speaking on the expulsion from the party, the new leadership of the Wali faction alleged that the former senator engaged in gross violation of the party’s constitution.  However, in a swift reaction, the Chairman of the Kwankwaso-led faction, Shehu Sagagi, described the congress as a charade conducted in contempt of a subsisting court order. In an interview with Channels Television, Sagagi explained that his faction is legally recognized by the national body of the party and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). He also threatened to take punitive measures against any erring member of the PDP in the state. Channels TV Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has been dismissed by a faction of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kano State, led by former Minister of Foreign Affairs Aminu Wali, on Thursday, November 17, for alleged “anti-party activities.” The group also accused the former Defence minister and 2019 PDP presidential aspirant, of… December 18, 2020 In "Politics" By Ahmed Abba Damaturu. - Sen. Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso on Tuesday said that the governorship suplementry election shecduled for March 23 in Kano State would determine the credibility of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The former governor of Kano State said this in an interview with BBC Hausa service,… March 19, 2019 In "News" Osagie Ize-Iyamu, is the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate for the Edo September 10 governorship election, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. Nick Dazang, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Deputy Director for Voter Education and Publicity, disclosed this in an interview with NAN on Tuesday in Abuja. Mr.… July 13, 2016 In "Politics"