Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje has been appointed by the East Carolina University in the United States of America as a visiting full Professor of e-Governance and International Affairs.  A statement by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Malam Abba Anwar, said Ganduje’s intellectual recognition was conveyed in a letter signed by Prof. Victor W. and dated November 30, 2020. In the letter titled “Appointment to the position of Senior Mentoring Scholar and Visiting Full Professor of E-Governance and International Affairs”, he was congratulated by the University’s Academic Board. The statement said the letter reads: “Congratulations! The Academic Board of International Center for Information Technology and Development, College of Business, USA, is pleased to inform you that you have been appointed as Senior Mentoring Scholar and Visiting Full Professor of E-Governance and International Affairs.” “Amazed at Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje’s accomplishment in good governance and genuine investment in human capital development,” said the statement. “Not only that, Ganduje’s choice is a depiction of close monitoring of his achievements as a governor in the last couple of years. Which eventually earned him global recognition and commendation.” As the letter acknowledges: “You have been a source of motivation to the Nigerian youths both at home and in the diaspora at large. We are amazed at your accomplishments both as the Executive Governor of Kano State, Nigeria, Fellow National Association of Educational Administration and Planning, Nigeria, and your investment in Human Capital Development.” As his academic responsibilities, the Academic Board of the University assigns for the governor, that: “You will mentor PhD students, junior lecturers, as well as take a lead in advising our University’s Research Center on academic issues related to E-Governance and International Affairs. We run specialised workshops for government officials (Executive, Judiciary and Legislature) from developing nations. “The University’s keen interest in tapping from governor Ganduje’s wealth of experience, good governance posture and commitment to societal development, they said, “…we will be elated to host you even once a year to speak to them during our conferences and colloquia. This will be scheduled at your convenience. “Speaking the obvious, the letter appreciates that, “Looking at your academic, administrative, and overall leadership record in Nigeria and Africa, you fit perfectly in East Carolina University’s goal to remain a leading research and teaching institution in the United States and beyond. “It is our fervent hope, Sir, that you will accept this offer. Your appointment will be posted at …ECU-ICITD’s website…once we get your acceptance.”  Source