The Lagos Government in collaboration with Kebbi Government and Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), has revealed that bags of rice would be sold for N20,000 to residents before Christmas.  The Commissioner for Agriculture, Ms Abisola Olusanya, told newsmen on Monday in Lagos that about 100,000 bags of 50 kg were being expected for sales at N20,000 per bag. Olusanya said the state government was working very hard with the Kebbi Government and the Federal Government to ensure that people of Lagos have enough rice during the festive season. “We are intervening in the area of availability of rice for the festive season, and it will be sold at N20,000 per bag. “The most important thing is that we have rice available, be it Lake Rice or other brands,” she said. Olusanya said that the delay in the sale was due to the process of production. “During the festive season, millets have to be polished, mill, and processed before rice will be available. “It’s not that rice is not available in the market, but the price points are a bit high. “The intervention of the Lagos State Government under the leadership of Mr Babjide Sanwo-Olu, in collaboration with the Federal Government, through CBN and the Governor of Kebbi, is to ensure that we have rice available at lower price points. “Don’t forget that they are in the harvest season now for paddy, so this is the best time to get good quality rice. “The rice has started arriving as at last week, and we are expecting much more in the next couple of days,” the commissioner said.  Source By Itohan Abara-Laserian     Lagos     -     The Lagos State Government says its indigenous rice called “Lake Rice” would be available in markets before the year ends at the rate of N12,000 per bag. Mr Okanlawon Sanni, the Special Adviser to Gov. Akinwumi Ambode on Food Security, made the assertion… December 17, 2018 In "News" LAGOS - Traders at eight major markets in Lagos complained over poor sales, barely 14 days to Christmas festivities, a survey by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reveals. The traders told NAN on Thursday that sales had never been this bad at Xmas season, noting, however, that they hoped… December 11, 2014 In "Business" ABEOKUTA - Only 48 days to the Christmas festival, some traders in Ogun markets on Tuesday complained over low patronage by residents. Many traders told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta that the turnout by customers was low compared to previous years. Mr Jossy Uche, a grain seller… December 23, 2014 In "Business"