The National Pension Commission (PenCom) said it will adopt an automated electronic process to conduct the annual verification and enrolment exercise. In a statement yesterday, PenCom said due to the COVID-19, it could not conduct the 2020 exercise physically for employees of treasury-funded Ministries Departments and Agencies (MDAs) that would retire from service between January and December 2021. The new electronic process has two options: the self-assisted or the Pension Fund Administrator (PFA) assisted option. “The self-assisted option entails a prospective retiree scanning original copies of all relevant documents required for the exercise and uploading these documents to the Enrolment web portal located on the Commission’s website. “After carrying out this process, the retiree is required to visit his/her PFA for the verification and validation of the submitted documents. “If a prospective retiree chooses the PFA assisted option, he/she is required to initiate and conclude the Verification/Enrolment process by visiting his/her PFA to verify and validate all relevant original documents to enable the PFA upload these documents to the Commission’s Enrolment portal on behalf of the prospective retiree,” PenCom explained. The Commission revealed that the exercise is scheduled to commence within the first quarter in 2021. “Details will be published in the national newspapers and on the Commission’s website on or before 31 March, 2021. The Commission assures prospective retirees and the public of its commitment to excellent service delivery,” it said. Source ABUJA - Thousands of prospective retirees from Federal Government Ministries, Departments and Agencies on Thursday in Abuja embarked on verification and enrolment in preparation for their retirement in 2015. The exercise was organised by the National Pension Commission (PenCom) for Federal Government Employees due for retirement in 2015. The exercise,… June 12, 2014 In "News" By Olawunmi Ashafa Lagos -   The National Pension Commission (PenCom), on Monday commenced the verification and enrolment exercise of 3,000 employees of Federal Government Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) in Ogun and Lagos State. Head, Corporate Communications Department of PenCom, Mr Peter Aghahowa, said the exercise was meant for… July 30, 2018 In "News" By Monday Ajogun Benin -   The National Pension Commission (PENCOM) says it remains committed to ensuring better service delivery to retirees. The PENCOM’s Head of Corporate Communications, Mr Peter Aghaowa, gave the assurance on Monday in Benin while speaking on the side lines of the verification and enrolment exercise… June 25, 2018 In "News"