Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Boko Haram insurgents have reportedly killed at least six persons including a policeman and abducted three others when they attacked Garkida in Adamawa state on Thursday. The insurgents arrived the town in several gun trucks at around 5 pm and launched the attack that lasted for several hours, shooting indiscriminately and burning buildings while residents fled to the mountains for safety. During the February attack, three people were killed and several private and public property were burnt. Residents, who spoke to our reporter, said five corpses had so far been found while families were still searching for missing members. A community member, Andrawus Tarfa, said at least four civilians died in the Thursday attack while three others were taken away and dozens of equipment belonging to a construction firm had been burnt by the insurgents. Some of the survivors expressed shock that the attack lasted for several hours despite military presence in the town. “We have returned to our homes this morning after spending the night in the mountains. So far, we have found five corpses and we know of three men they took away,” said a resident who wanted to be anonymous. “The insurgents burnt some houses as well as 19 vehicles belonging to a construction firm, Triacta.” A security officer told our reporter that a policeman, who was in Garkida to visit his family, was among the six people killed by the insurgents. Four persons have been confirmed to have been killed during an attack on the Garkida community of Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State, North-East Nigeria. Residents of Garkida community told Channels Television that the insurgents, who stormed the town around 5:00 in the evening, overpowered the military stationed in… July 28, 2014 In "News" •Scenes from the attack Fresh revelations have emerged on how Boko Haram insurgents attacked Garkida town in Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State for six hours on Friday night. The town is located on the Gombi-Biu – Damaturu Road, which shares proximity with Southern Borno and Sambisa Forest. Reports… February 23, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - Boko Haram terrorists have killed 53 soldiers and farmers in three days of attacks in Nigeria’s troubled northeast region.The Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), a Boko Haram splinter group, killed at least 44 soldiers in attacks on three military bases at the weekend, security sources told AFP… November 21, 2018 In "Top Stories"