…to consider Conference Committee Report on 2021 – 2023 MTEF/FSP Thursday By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has announced that the Senate will next week Monday, 21st of December, 2020, hold a special session to pass the 2021 budget presently before the National Assembly. Lawan made this known during plenary following a motion moved by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi (APC – Kebbi North); and seconded by the Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe (PDP – Abia South). According to the Senate President, the delay in the passage of the budget was to allow the Appropriations Committee include a late request for additional expenditures from the Executive arm of government. “Our Committee on Appropriation has been working round the clock. We had planned to receive the report of the Committee on Appropriations today, but there was a late request for some more expenditures from the Executive arm of Government, and we want to ensure that our Committee does work to produce a clean document, so they can’t present this document today. “However, the Committee has said the report will be ready by weekend. Consequently, we will hold a special session on Monday, the 21st of December, 2020, just to consider and pass the budget 2021. “This is in keeping with our legislative agenda of ensuring that the annual budget has a January to December cycle. We did that last year, and by the grace of God, we will do it again,” Lawan said. Meanwhile, the Senate on Wednesday also stepped down consideration of the Conference Committee Report 2021 – 2023 Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Fiscal Strategy Paper (FSP). The request to step down consideration of the 2021 – 2023 MTEF report till Thursday, 17th December, 2020 was moved by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi; and seconded by the Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe. By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Tuesday at plenary urged the Executive arm of Government to work on the estimates for the 2021 budget to ensure timely presentation to the National Assembly by the end of September. Lawan made the call in his remarks… July 22, 2020 In "Politics" ....PIB, Electoral Act(Ammendment Bill) for passage in 2021 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan said on Friday that the National Assembly is working hard to see to the passage of the 2021 Appropriation Bill by the second week of December, 2020. "We are… November 20, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan on Friday said the senate would give priority debate to the Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and the Fiscal Strategy Paper(FSP), when it resumes for plenary on Sept. 24. Lawan, who made this known to journalists in… September 20, 2019 In "Politics"