The Federal Government has directed Nigerians abroad to visit the website of the National Identity Management Commission to enable them to register for the National Identity Number. This was disclosed on Monday by Abike Dabiri-Erewa, the chairman of the Nigerians In Diaspora Commission. The NIDCOM boss said that the details of the agents who are accredited to register Nigerians for NIN can be found on the website. “Nigerians abroad should visit NIMC website http://nimc.gov.ng for details of their agents accredited to register Nigerians abroad all over the world,” she tweeted. Her statement comes days after the Nigerian Communication Commission ordered telecommunications companies to suspend mobile phone SIM cards that are not linked to NIN. The NCC had given the companies a duration of two weeks before implementing the suspension on SIM cards whose owners fail to provide NIN. The deadline was on Monday (today) extended as revealed by the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy in a statement titled, ‘Extension of Registration Period and Cancellation of USSD and Verification Fees’. This was after a meeting chaired by the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Isa Ali Pantami, and attended by major stakeholders in the telecommunications sector. Resolutions reached gave “Three (3) weeks extension for subscribers with NIN from 30th December, 2020 to 19th January, 2021; and Six (6) weeks extension for subscribers without NIN from 30th December, 2020 to 9th February, 2021.” Punch By Jacinta Nwachukwu Abuja, - The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC), says it is committed to creating, managing, operating and maintaining a secured National Identity database by issuing National Identification Number (NIN) to all Nigerians and legal residents. Mr Aliyu Aziz, NIMC Director-General, disclosed this in an interview with the… April 29, 2019 In "News" The Federal Government has extended the deadline for the provision of National Identification Number by telecommunication service subscribers. This was contained in a statement on Monday by the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. The statement titled, ‘Extension of Registration Period and Cancellation of USSD and Verification Fees’, was… December 21, 2020 In "News" Telecom operators have unveiled short codes to enable their customers link their National Identity Numbers (NINs) with Subscriber Identity Modules (SIM). This follows the two-week ultimatum handed subscribers and operators by the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. Globacom said: “All our esteemed customers can now link their National Identification… December 21, 2020 In "Technology"