•APC Acting Deputy Spokesman Yekini Nabena By EMMANUEL MOGBEDE ABUJA – The All Progressives Congress (APC) has urged security agencies to investigate an intelligence report linking a North-West governor to banditry, abductions and other violent crimes in the zone. Mr Yekini Nabena, APC Acting Deputy National Publicity Secretary gave the charge in a statement on Thursday in Abuja. Nabena who did not name the governor, said that the increased spate of banditry in the area was political motivated. He added that the development was not unconnected with the alleged sponsorship of banditry and other violent crimes by the said governor. “Our security agencies have intelligence reports linking one of the North-West governors of colluding with bandits to sponsor violent and criminal activities in the zone. “I won’t give details because of the sensitive and security nature of the issue. “However, relevant security agencies must as a matter of urgency investigate the report and determine its veracity, human lives is not what we should play political chess games with. “We must shun enemies of the country, including the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who seek political gains from issues of insecurity,” he said. Nabena stressed that security agencies must also be alerted to plots to further destabilise the North-West sub region. He said that the plot was to frustrate the quick and safe release of the abducted students of Government Science Secondary School Kankara in Katsina State.The North West geo-political zone is made up of seven states. They are Jigawa, Kaduna, Kano, Sokoto, Zamfara, Katsina and Kebbi.(NAN)  On Wednesday, June 12,  Adenipekun Ademiju, a staff member of Atakumosa west local government area of Osun state embarked on a journey – of no return.  It was a quotidian day like any other, and there was nothing betokening tragedy. He boarded a bus from Osun town heading for Ibadan.  On the expressway… July 13, 2019 In "Opinion" The Federal Government of Nigeria has said after consultations it proposed N24,000 as the new minimum wage for civil servants. The Minister of Labour and employment, Chris Ngige, stated this Wednesday while briefing State House correspondents after the meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC). Mr. Ngige was responding to… October 10, 2018 In "News" Due to the on-going claims by the APC accusing some members of the PDP over their alleged involvement with suspected fraudster, Hushpuppi, Senator Dino Melaye has said he will not glorify the ruling party, APC, with a response over claims made by the party. Over the weekend, the deputy National… July 6, 2020 In "News"