 Seven hunters were blown apart by landmine about 30 kilometers away from Maiduguri, capital of Borno State, a survivor, Abubakar Gambo, has said. The landmine, which scattered the vehicles of local hunters on manhunt for suspected Boko Haram who had rustled cows from areas in Jere Local Government Area of Borno, also got 19 other hunters injured. Both Senator Kashim Shettima, representing Borno Central in the Senate and Hon. Ahmed Satomi, representing Jere Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives confirmed the incident on Wednesday. Satomi said: “It was sad that seven local hunters were lost to a landmine with 19 others injured.” He said: “Hunters on patrol after receiving an alert that Boko Haram had carted away some cattle from some villages decided to pursue them, but unfortunately they hit a landmine in their pursuit. “On their way after a village called Kayamla in Konduga after Alau Dam, they hit a landmine and their vehicle got broken and they had to call for reinforcement from a nearby unit. “The reinforcement came with a vehicle loaded with about 20 local hunters which moved to support the first vehicle and on their way they hit another landmine which scattered their vehicles killing seven and injuring 19 others.” He disclosed that the incident happened about 30 kilometres away from Maiduguri, the state capital. One of the survivors, Abubakar Gambo, had told journalists in Maiduguri that they were 19 onboard their patrol truck when they heard a loud bang. He had explained that: “We were on patrol along Kayamla route when one of the rear tyres of our Toyota Land Cruiser truck exploded. “We thought it was a common tyre burst, but we later discovered it was a bomb blast.” He also said while they were trying to change the tyre, they spotted some Boko Haram gunmen creeping towards them, which made them to begin to fire in their direction while calling for a backup. He said the Boko Haram terrorists afterward fled and left some rustled herds of cows behind. Gambo said: “Our backup team arrived and began to chase after the insurgents who had already gone far into the bush. As they were making their way back, the vehicle ran over a massive bomb that exploded and killed nine of them instantly, while nine others were injured. I saw their vehicle as it was tossed up into the air.” The Borno state Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Sa’ina Buba, while confirming the incident that happened on Tuesday during the funeral of the seven slain hunters in Maiduguri, said: “We were saddened by the death of these gallant hunters who have sacrificed their lives to protect us. He said the corpses were evacuated on Tuesday and the injured were taken to the hospital. Source •A file photo of soldiers travelling in military trucks MAIDUGURI - At least seven soldiers have been feared dead following a landmine ambush in the northern axis of Borno state on Saturday. The ill-fated soldiers, who were on escort duty en route Baga, came upon the landmines planted by suspected… November 23, 2020 In "News" Nigeria's military has said it overran 10 Boko Haram camps in the group's Sambisa Forest stronghold, a day after the armed group attacked a crowded bus station in the northeast, killing seven. Defence spokesman Chris Olukolade said late on Sunday that a number of rebels were killed in the offensive… May 18, 2015 In "News" MAIDUGURI – At least five communities of Ladin Buta near Khaddamari village of Jere Local Government Area of Borno state have been taken over and destroyed by suspected members of dreaded boko haram sect who were armed with Ak47 rifles and petrol bombs including Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs). Sources said.… May 25, 2016 In "Security"