•Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari has approved fresh measures to curtail the further spread of COVID-19 across the country. Part of the measures is the restriction of guests at weddings, conferences, and sporting activities among others to 50. The government also ordered the closure of all bars, nightclubs, and restaurants. The chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, disclosed this at a press briefing of the task force in Abuja. He said, “The PTF has surveyed developments and actions taken by governments around the world, assessed our domestic environment and has accordingly submitted its recommendations to Mr President on immediate measures to be taken. “Accordingly, His Excellency, Muhammadu Buhari, President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has authorised the PTF to engage with the states and the FCT to assume full ownership of this stage of the response by deploying legal structures and resources, including enforcement to manage the pandemic within their jurisdictions. “In line with the authorisation, the PTF wishes to issue the following advisories to sub-national entities for implementation over the next five weeks because these activities are considered super spreader events: a. Close All bars, night clubs, pubs and event centres, and recreational venues; b. Close all restaurants except those providing services to hotel residents; takeaways, home deliveries and drive-ins shall remain closed; c. Restrict all informal and formal festivity events including weddings, conferences, congresses, office parties, concerts, seminars, sporting activities, end of year events shall be restricted to not more than 50 persons; d. Limit All gatherings linked to religious events to less than 50% capacity of the facility of use during which physical distancing; mandatory use of face masks shall be strictly enforced e. Where more than 50 persons are attending, any such events, the gathering should be held outdoors only; f. Public transportation systems are to carry passengers not more than 50% of their capacity in compliance with social distancing rules. g. Enforce compliance with NPI protocols especially the advisory on wearing of face masks in public spaces.” Mustapha added that to reduce overcrowding in public spaces, markets, shopping centres, offices and schools, states are advised to implement the following: a. Encourage virtual meetings in government offices. The leadership of such offices are to ensure that all offices are well-ventilated offices, and encourage staff to work from home where possible; b. All government staff on GL.12 and below are to stay at home for the next 5 weeks; Permanent Secretaries and Chief Executives are to be held accountable for enforcing NPI rules in their domains with frequent spot checks; c. The PTF on the advice of the Federal Ministry of Education expects that schools would have vacated from the 18th December 2020 and remain closed till at least the 18th of January, 2021 to enable the measures introduced to take effect; d. All persons above the age of 60 years and/or with comorbidities are to be encouraged to stay at home and avoid crowds; e. All non-essential travels – both domestic and international during the holiday season are seriously discouraged. The Federal Government has extended the phase two of the ease of lockdown in the country by another one week. Mr Boss Mustapha, the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, announced this on Monday. He made the announcement at the briefing of the PTF which held in… July 27, 2020 In "News" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, has called for unity in the fight against the Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak in the country. Mr Boss Mustapha, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and PTF chairman on COVID-19, made the call at the PTF… April 27, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has just been briefed in the State House, in Abuja, by the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the next line of actions in the national response against the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic. The PTF, lead by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and Chairman… June 29, 2020 In "News"