By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)  –  President Muhammadu Buhari has commended the nation’s intelligence agencies, the military and Police Force over the release of the kidnapped students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Buhari who gave the commendation in a statement released by his Senior Special Adviser (Media and Publicity) Garba Shehu via his twitter handle, described the safe return of the school boys as a big relief to their families, the entire country and international community. The series of tweets read: “President Muhammadu Buhari welcomed release of kidnapped students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State, describing their safe return as a big relief to their families, the entire country and international community. In a short remark shortly after their release was announced, President Buhari expressed the nation’s appreciation for the steps taken by all involved to make their release possible. President Buhari specifically cited what he called the “spirit of partnership and the collaborative efforts of the government of Katsina, Zamfara and military leading to the release.’’ He commended the nation’s intelligence agencies, the military and police force for providing the environment for safe release of the hostages. “The Governor, Aminu Bello Masari, and the army worked extremely hard. As soon as I got the information I congratulated them. The Armed Forces know their job. They have been well trained and properly motivated.” On the issue of detainees held elsewhere in the country by either terrorists or bandits, the President gave assurances that his administration is aware of its responsibility to protect the life and property of the Nigerians. President Buhari urged the citizens to be patient and fair to the administration as it deals with the problems of security, economy and corruption. He noted that the administration was fully aware that it was elected to resolve challenges. “When we came, we made efforts that yielded the return of the Chibok Girls. When a similar incident of school abduction happened at Dapchi, we successfully returned all but one of the more than one hundred abductees.” “When this latest incident happened, we put in our efforts and today we have this result to show.” The President pointed to the successes of the administration in dealing with security in the South South and North East. He said the North West now presents a challenge which his administration is determined to deal with. “We have a lot of work to do, especially now that we have re-opened the borders. It is unfortunate that the bandits & terrorists continue to get weapons even under the circumstances of the border closure. We are going to dare them. “We will deal with all that,” the President assured. He prayed for the full recovery of the students, whom he said had endured significant hardships in the course of their six-day ordeal. The President assured of the determination of his administration to return to safety all citizens held against their will. Prominent groups and Nigerians from different walks of life, on Sunday, took a swipe at the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), over Friday’s abduction of students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State. Most of those who reacted said Buhari had failed and said they were shocked… December 14, 2020 In "News" A screenshot taken on December 14, 2020, shows a classroom block at the Government Science Secondary School, Ƙankara, Katsina State. A resident of Ƙankara Local Government Area has revealed why bandits abducted over 300 schoolboys in Katsina State. The man who does not want his identity revealed told Channels Television… December 14, 2020 In "News" •Government Science Secondary School, Kankara KATSINA - The military, supported by air power, has located the enclave of bandits at Zango/Paula forest in Kankara following the attack on the Government Science Secondary School, a presidential aide said late Saturday. Presidential spokesman Garba Shehu said there had been exchange of fire… December 13, 2020 In "Top Stories"