Abuja – The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Sunday Dare, on Wednesday said he was full of hopes that the 12th Nigerian Police Games would throw up new talents for the country. Dare, while receiving Alkali Mohammed, the Chairman, Police Games Planning Committee and Force Secretary who visited him in Abuja, noted that the Police Games had produced great talents for Nigeria. “The Games have produced talents such as Sunny Isekwena, Julius Aghahowa, Chioma Ajunwa, Samuel Peters, among others. “We are now hopeful that this event will throw up new talents that can represent the country at the Olympics and make us proud.’’ The minister expressed happiness that the Games was holding before the National Sports Festival (NSF) in Benin and would afford the ministry the opportunity of getting more athletes and facilities developed. “So, scouts will be sent there to fish out talents. The games will also be an opportunity to develop sports facilities,’’ he said. Mohammed, while speaking earlier, said a record number of 3,000 police men and women would take part in the Games slated for Awka in Anambra from Saturday to March 7. The Games Planning Committee Chairman, who is an Assistant Inspector-General (AIG), said everything was set for a hitch-free competition. “Athletes and teams from twelve zones of the Nigerian Police Force will be competing in the 10-day competition. “It will have events like track and field, football, squash, table tennis, boxing, wrestling, shooting, lawn tennis, basketball, among others. “And that is why we are here to assure the Minister that everything is set for the Nigerian Police Games in Anambra,’’ he said. Mohammed disclosed that the Games organisers had so far enjoyed the tremendous support of the Anambra governor, Willy Obiano, and all was set for a great event. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Games’ opening ceremony will hold at the Dr Alex Ekwueme Square in Awka on Saturday. The closing ceremony will hold on March 7 at the renovated Rojenny Sports Complex in Oba, near Onitsha. (NAN)