By Peter Amine Jos – The Plateau State Independent Electoral Commission (PLASIEC) says it is ready to conduct elections in the four remaining local governments in the state. The Chairman of the commission, Mr Fabian Ntung, disclosed this on Monday in Jos when members of the Plateau House of Assembly Committee on Parastatals and World Bank Projects visited him. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that PLASIEC had conducted elections in 13 out of the 17 local government councils of the state on Oct. 10, 2018. It blamed the security situation in Jos North, Jos South, Barkin Ladi and Riyom then, for its inability to conduct elections in those councils. But Ntung while briefing the committee members said arrangements preparatory to the polls were now in place. “As you can see we have sensitive and non sensitive materials in place. “We have even trained the ad-hoc staff for the election into the remaining local governments. “We are only waiting for security clearance from security agencies to fix a date to conduct the elections. “As soon as we get the clearance that the atmosphere is conducive for the election, we will go to the field immediately,” he said. He said that conducting elections in the four local governments was of topmost priority to PLASIEC. On creation on council wards and development areas, the chairman said that a plebiscite would soon be conducted. According to him, the creations have been included in the 2020 budget and that the commission would make judicious use of funds in that regard when made available. He said the commission was working in close synergy with the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to discharge its mandate. Ntung thanked the committee and the entire house for its support to the commission, adding that such support was necessary to enable the electoral umpire to succeed in its assignment. The chairman of the committee, Mr Pirfa Tyem, sought to know why elections were yet to be conducted in the four local governments. Tyem said that the visit was for the lawmakers to familiarise themselves with the commission’s activities to enable the committee to properly conduct its oversight function. The chairman assured the commission of the support of the Assembly in every way possible for the good of the people of the state. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ntung and his management team took the committee members round the commission’s premises and also showed them the election materials. (NAN).