By Mohammed Baba Busu  Jenkwe (Nasarawa State) – A first class traditional ruler in Nasarawa State, Dr Ayuba Agwadu Audu, has charged youths and other Nigerians to embrace education, entrepreneurship skills and meaningful ventures in order to become self-reliant Audu said such would also enable them to contribute their quota to national development. Agwadu Audu, who is the Zhe Migili of Migili nation, made the call on Friday while playing host to the new leadership of Migili Youth Association at his palace in Jenkwe, Obi Local Government Area of the state. He said that the importance of education to societal development could not be overemphasised. According to him, education is the bedrock of any society as knowledge is power, adding; “when one is well informed, he/she can move to places beyond his local environment. “I want to commend you for the visit and to assure you of my continued support through offering advice and other support to enable you to succeed. “I want to charge you to live above board while discharging your duties in the interest of peace and for the overall development of the Migili nation, the state and the country at large. “I want to use this medium to urge you and other Nigerian youths to embrace education considering its importance to national development. “As no society or nation will achieve meaningful progress and development without sound education,” the monarch said. He also advised the youth to always shun violence in their interest and for the overall development of the country. He urged the new leadership of the association to carry every member of the association along and to be up and doing through initiating good policies for development to thrive. The traditional ruler further enjoined his subjects and other Nigerians to live in peace and tolerate one another, irrespective of their differences for the overall development of the country. Earlier, Mr Jesse Agidi, the National President of the Association, said that they were at the monarch’s palace to appreciate him for the role he played toward the success of their election. Agidi assured the traditional ruler of the union’s readiness to partner with relevant stakeholders and the government to bring development to the area. (NAN)