By John Gabriel Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Abductors of a Kaduna-based medical doctor’s wife and his two children in Juji community, Kaduna, penultimate week, demanded N20 million from the husband after they killed his wife. The N20m demanded, according to a source from the Juji community where the kidnap took place, is for the release of the two children from the kidnappers’ den. The kidnappers, after killing the Wife of the medical doctor, Mrs. Ataga and dumped her body at a location called her husband for N20 ransom to free his two children still with them. Dr. Ataga’s family members were abducted in the early hours of Saturday, January 25 during the invasion of the dreaded kidnappers of Juji community in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna state. The kidnappers, who were said to have engaged security operatives in a serious gun battle, killed a member of the community’s vigilante group. They later broke into the Atagas’ home and whisked away Mrs. Ataga and her two children. It was gathered that the abductors had demanded N150 million ransom for the release of Mrs. Ataga and the children and negotiation was still on before they killed her. A reliable source from Juji community, Kaduna where the victim lived with her husband, who does not want his name in print, told DAILY POST, Saturday evening that, the kidnappers killed Mrs. Ataga and called her husband to pick her corpse from where they dumped her. According to the source: “The kidnappers have killed Mrs. Ataga. They dumped her corpse and called her husband and directed him to pick the corpse at a particular location. “Right now, the corpse has been picked and deposited at the mortuary in a state hospital here in Kaduna. “After killing her and dumping her corpse, the kidnappers are now asking for N20 million ransom for the release of the two children.” Meanwhile, Kaduna State Police Command Public Relations Officer, DSP Yakubu Sabo, who confirmed the killing of Mrs. Ataga described the development as unfortunate. He, however, assured efforts were on top gear to secure the safe release of his children who are still with the kidnappers. According to DSP Sabo: “Yes, it is unfortunate, the woman has been killed. We got a report that her body was dumped somewhere and our men went in to recover the corpse and the corpse has been deposited at Gwana Awan Hospital. “As for the children, I can confirm to you that, the children have not been released. “Ransom is being demanded but I cannot tell the amount. But we are doing our best to secure the release of the children,” the PPRO said.(Daily Post)