Israeli scientists have announced a major breakthrough vaccine against the Coronavirus disease for poultry, and are only three months away from testing the vaccine on humans. TheNewsGuru.com (TNG) reports researchers from Galilee Research Institute claimed that the vaccine they have been developing for the past four years could be modified for use in humans within three months. Announcing the breakthrough vaccine at a press conference, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Galilee Research Institute, David Zigdon said the vaccine it has been developing for the past four years has similar DNA structure in the virus that had spread from China. “There is a high urgency around the world to develop a vaccine for the coronavirus in humans, so we are working to expedite the development process and achieve an effective vaccine for the COVID-19 virus over the next 8-10 weeks and move to safety trials [in humans] within 90 days. “The vaccine developed by us for poultry is administered orally and the human vaccine offered by us is also expected to be administered orally” Zigdon said at the press conference. The Galilee Research Institute CEO noted that due to the urgent global need for the vaccine, the Institute is working around the clock with potential partners to help accelerate the research process in humans needed to complete the final product development and regulatory process. Prof. Dan Levanon, founder of Galilee Research Institute said that the duration of the vaccine’s development process is contingent upon health officials’ regulations. “Under these conditions, where the disease causes enormous damages as it worsens, I believe the regulations will be eased,” Levanon said. Meanwhile, Israeli Minister of Science and Technology, Ofir Akunis has welcomed the researchers’ breakthrough. “Had [the vaccine] had to be subjected to the usual regulations, it would have taken several years. Of course, without risking human life. I hope and believe there will be further progress soon,” he said at the press conference. Akunis also instructed the Director of the Ministry to promote any possible collaborations that would expedite the production of the vaccine in humans.