By Oluwafunke Ishola  Lagos – A Consultant Psychiatrist, Dr Stephen Oluwaniyi, has called for an holistic approach to reverse the increasing cases of substance used and drug abuse in the country. Oluwaniyi, Head of Training and Research, Federal Neuro-Psychiatric Hospital, Yaba, Lagos, made the assertion in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Lagos. A report by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) shows that the prevalence of drug use in Nigeria is estimated at 14.4 per cent, that is 14.3 million people aged between 15 and 64 years. The report revealed an increase of about 8.8 per cent from the 5.6 per cent recorded from a prior survey conducted in 2016, and more than twice the global average. It showed that the highest levels of drug used was recorded among people of aged 25 to 39, with cannabis being the most widely used drug. Oluwaniyi, said that research had shown that reasons for substance or drug abuse by people was multi factorial ranging from genetics issues, early deprivation, adversity, influence and exposure to relative or friends who abuse substances. The psychiatrist noted that studies had consistently shown that wherever there are issues of poor social infrastructure, poverty, unemployment, low educational opportunities and financial instability, among others, there would be prevalence in substance abuse. Oluwaniyi, said that many youths were embracing several crude options for getting ‘high’, saying that sniffing glue, petrol, sewage and urine as inhalants was becoming common. “These things are chemical; and these youths want something that will create euphoric effects that get them high, the smell of petrol has been shown to get people high. “Also, exposure to the internet gives these youths access to a lot of wrong and bad information that will give them a ‘cheap high’,” he said. To address the public health, and social problems resulting from abuse of drugs, Oluwaniyi, called for increased implementation of advocacy, and public awareness campaign through the print, social and electronic media, religious institutions at community level. Oluwaniyi stressed that there should be improved involvement of educational institutions through emphasis in the curriculum and programmes about the dangers of drug abuse. He advocated for speedy passage of the Mental Health Bill before the National Assembly, saying that the new bill would help address issues of prevention, management, reduce stigmatization and enhance mental health-seeking behaviour among citizens. Oluwaniyi called for an improvement in the country’s socio-economic parameters, towards reducing poverty, unemployment, stress, and traffic decongestion. He said that sometimes, frustration, hopelessness, boredom were factors that also push some people to drugs. “It is not only illegal drugs like cocaine or heroin that can lead to abuse and addiction. “Prescription drugs like painkillers, sleeping pills and tranquilizers can cause similar problems. People use all these as a form of escape from their challenges,” he said. Oluwaniyi stressed the need for increased funding and support systems to bridge the gap in meeting the need for treatment and care for people with drug use disorder in the country. (NAN)