By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has appealed to United States President, Donald Trump not to punish Nigerians with travel ban for the deficiencies and deep faults of President Muhammadu Buhari, but instead target adopting measures that individually target those in government who have failed in their duties. The Turaki Adamawa who said he received the news of visa ban with shock, disclosed this in a statement he personally signed made available to Sundiata Post on Saturday. The statement reads In full: I received with sadness the policy of the government of the United States of America to place Nigeria on its travel ban list. While I understand the reasons given by the Trump administration (the failure of the Muhammadu Buhari led administration to share information and to address issues of terrorism), the ban does not take into account the pro-American sentiments of the Nigerian public and the solidarity previous Nigerian administrations have had with the United States. I urge the government of President Donald Trump to consider the history of US-Nigerian relationships. Nigeria was one of the few African nations that joined the US led coalition during Operation Desert Storm in 1990-1991, when the United States championed the liberation of Kuwait. The Trump administration may also consider the pivotal role Nigeria, in partnership with the US, played in bringing peace to Liberia, an American sphere of influence, that now enjoys democracy because Nigerian blood and money paved the way for peace in that nation. Nigeria has also consistently voted in support of the United States and her allies at the United Nations and other multi-lateral world bodies. This is even as we are perhaps the biggest trading partner that the United States has in Africa, even where we had alternatives. Nigerians love the United States and have been a major force for the positive development of that great nation: 77 per cent of all Black doctors in the United States are Nigerians. Nigerians are also the most educated immigrant community in America BAR NONE. Surely, the US stands to benefit if it allows open borders with a country like Nigeria that is able to provide skilled, hardworking and dedicated personnel in a two-way traffic. The current Nigerian administration may have its deficiencies and deep faults, but the Nigeria people ought not to be punished for their inefficiencies. Once again, I call on President Trump to consider adopting measures that individually target those in government who have failed in their duties, rather than target the entire Nigerian population. Waziri Atiku Abubakar, Vice President of Nigeria, 1990-2007