The Imo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has told Governor Hope Uzodinma that he has no power to stop them from protesting against the injustices against them. The party also insisted that it would continue to protest over the outcome of the Supreme Court judgment which removed Emeka Ihedioha as the governor of the state and declared Uzodinma as the rightful winner of the March 9, 2019 governorship election in the state. Governor Hope Uzodinma had last week said he would no longer tolerate any form of protest capable of inciting the people of the state. But, in a statement issued after the party’s stakeholders meeting in Owerri, the party said it would also, “continue to employ every legal means available to the party to make sure that the unjust judgement given against the party, Governor Emeka Ihedioha and his Deputy Hon. Gerald Irona by the Supreme Court of Nigeria is reviewed and reversed.” The statement signed by the party’s publicity secretary, Damian Oparah, added, “the party shall keep on demostrating/protesting within the Constitutional right of her members , to peacefully and publicly show our support to Governor Emeka Ihedioha, his Deputy, Hon. Gerald Irona and our unacceptable tendencies towards the Supreme Court Judgement that ousted Governor Emeka Ihedioha and his Deputy, Hon. Gerald Irona.” On the recent decamping of some lawmakers and chieftains of the party to other parties, the party said, their action was of no consequences to the popularity of PDP and her teaming supporters in the state. The party said it would however employ all legal options to recover the seats of all the elected members who left the party. The statement said: “The Party in Imo State shall in conjunction with the National organs of the party employ all legal options to recover their seats in the House of Assembly, as the National Secretariate had already declared their seats vacant. “The Stakeholders finally urged all PDP members to remain faithful in the Party and leave all those who have left the party as there are better future in PDP for them than elsewhere, since what the Party is facing now in Imo State is a temporal set back.” The Nation