By Iyabo Lawal Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has blamed the Federal and State Governments for the rise in insurgent citizenship, saying instead of investing in the welfare of the people, the government is investing heavily multi-billion naira weapons of war. The chairman, University of Ibadan (UI) branch, Prof Deji Omole said many states have been reverting to organising their internal security networks without treating the causes of insecurity, adding that the union has been warning the government to cater for the needs of the vulnerable in the society, which appear to have fallen on deaf ears. Omole lamented that instead of budgeting for people’s welfare, the Nigerian government now spends billions of naira buying security equipment from the countries that have invested heavily in research and training. According to him, due to years of neglect and unbridled corruption in high places, many Nigerians have come to lose interest in standards of ethical living since those leading them have mortgaged their future. Omole reminded of the union’s saying that a time will come when the children of the poor will have nothing to eat but the rich in the society, stating that the observation is happening now. According to the ASUU boss, poor education funding has made Nigerian students live in zoo-like hostels with sad memories for society. Omole who noted that Nigerian leaders benefit more with Nigeria ranking as the world poverty capital and deepening corruption maintained that unless the basics are treated, budgeting for weapons will increase ‘lootocracy’. “Every year the budget for themselves. The president and his cabinet get lion share and some members of the National Assembly with no brilliant contributions to the economy become billionaires overnight as a result of this insecurity. Instead of attending to poverty, education, and unemployment, the security forces advise on buying more weapons. They keep on churning out bad policies that impoverish more families and with no job, and a bad economy, crime, and criminality are reigning supreme. Government must give electricity, tackle unemployment and attack poverty and fund education to keep children in focus on positive development attitudes.”