By Chibuike Nwabuko …Accuses Him Of Corruption, Challenges Him To Declare His
Access Prior To His Appointment And Now For Nigerians To See …Alleges That Contract Awards And Financial Matters of
Customs Are Handled by Assistant Director from CBN Who Is Col Alli’s Cousin Abuja (Sundiata Post) Senator Ado Francis Fadahunsi has taken the Comptroller General of Customs, Col Hameed Ali to the cleaners, accusing him of incompetence and presiding over a custom that is wallowing in corruption. The osun senator said it is a misnomer that Col Hammed Ali,
a trained soldier for war and protection of territorial integrity of the
country will be appointed to have business with the revenue matters. Adding
that it for that reason that you see everything failing- the borders management
has failed, the ports management has also failed and the result now is congestion. He made these disclosures in an interview with National Assembly
correspondents in his office in Abuja. The former customs officer who said that customs under Col
Alli is gone, revealed that customs can make more than N5 trillion a year  with the incentives they are now given in
terms of improved conditions of service if all revenues are collected but this
is not possible because he does not know the technical activities of these
boys. The senator who said he is talking from the point of view of knowledge
said he is their boss and knows what they are doing. He lamented that the amount made by customs from seizures
were not disclosed in the 2020 budget and challenged the CG to declare how much
Customs has made from all the seizures if he thinks he is not corrupt. “At a
point in time, government directed that these seizures should be given to the
Internally Displaced People (IDPs), but how much of these seized goods have
been given to the IDPs, he called on CG to tell Nigerians and records of
the  IDPs checked to see if indeed the records
will tally, Senator Fadehunsi said. Still dwelling  on the
corruption in customs under the watch of Col Ali, Senator Fadehunsi
revealed  that apart from spending a
whooping sum of N1.6 trillion on recruitment exercise alone, the salaries of
the yet to be recruited 3,200 staff are contained in 2020 budget. He wondered
where on earth has such an amount been paid to a consultant to recruit 3,400
staff not even part of their salary, asking how much did Nigerian Security and
Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC ) spent in recruitment of their staff. Senator Fadahunsi also alleges that contract awards and financial matters of customs are being given to one Assistant Director from Central Bank Of Nigeria (CBN) whom he said is Col Ali’s cousin, sidelining and neglecting the financial controllers of and accounts sections of Customs; Whereas you cannot see an accounts officer of customs in CBN being in control of their financial management. This abnormality is now customs that is why the customs today, which was the first largest revenue earning of government, is as good as gone. Reacting to CG’s claim that custom met its target; the
Senator asked who gave them the target? If it is senate Committee headed by Senator
 Maikena and myself, we know that customs
cannot make less than N5trillion, because Col Ali does not know the technical
activities of customs boys, a quarter of the money is gone. If really we want
to work for Nigeria not to borrow money again, customs must collect to the last
kobo, he said. He frowned at a situation where customs officers are giving
target and asked what will happen to the excess when you give target? While also
commenting on the border closure, Sen Fadehunsi said that border closure is
illegal and that Nigeria is bleeding adding that border closure has done the
economy more harm than goods.