Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Nigerian Senate on Tuesday ordered the Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Buratai, to re-establish a command base in Garkida and all other major settlements bordering the Sambisa forest. The red chamber also urged the North East Development Commission (NEDC) to immediately embark on rehabilitation of public and religious institutions destroyed by the terrorists and provide assistance to other individuals affected in an attack that took place in Garkida community of Adamawa State. The resolution followed a point of order 42 and 52 raised by the Senator representing Adamawa Central, Aisha Dahiru Ahmed Binani, on the attack that took place on February 21, 2020 in Garkida. After listening to her point of order, the Senate also urged the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to urgently assess the extent of damage and provide relief materials immediately to the Garkida community. Aisha had said that on February 21, 2020, an insurgent group attacked the good people of Garkida, a peaceful town in Gombi LGA of Adamawa Central Senatorial District. According to her, the insurgents in over seven Gun Trucks and many motorcycles attacked the town at about 7pm setting many buildings ablaze. “Also aware that three soldiers were killed in the dastardly attack. Property worth millions of Naira were burnt or destroyed including: public hospital, schools, telecommunication facilities, police station, buses, cars, food stores, private property belonging to the good people of Garkida. “Worried that the Garkida crises which has led to the destruction of lives and property was planned by the insurgents to have a religious connotation considering that churches and residences of some prominent indigenes were burnt, an act aimed at destroying the foundation of peaceful co-existence among Garkida community and Adamawa State as a whole. “Further note that, as a result of this, the urgent need to take more drastic actions in the face of such affront on the national security architecture, the region and indeed the entire nation is long overdue. “Concerned that in view of the enormity of the situation, the federal government needs to put more innovative measures in place to frontally confront these challenges,” Aisha said.