By Stella Kabruk Kaduna – The Kaduna State Government has commenced sensitisation step-down on Lassa fever in Chikun Local Government Area of the state. The Director of Public Health, Dr Mohammed Bello-Armayau, said the sensitisation was to curtail the spread of the disease as the state
recorded four cases already. He said “Lassa fever is a dangerous disease caused by the Lassa virus, found in an effected rat with many breast. “We have recorded four cases of the disease in Laduna State already and out of which, we lost one and three are doing fine. “We do not want to record more cases again and that is why we are embarking on sensitisation for residents to improve
their hygiene and know more about the disease.” He advised residents to desist from self medication and always go to health facilities for proper treatment, noting that “anyone
who feels sick should not go on self medication but go to hospital for proper treatment. “There is medication for Lassa fever and it is free.” Bello-Armayau also advised residents to report any suspected case to the nearest Primary Health Care (PHC) for medical attention
and proper referrals to better facilities that had the capacity to handle the disease. In his remarks, the Executive Secretary, Kaduna State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr Hamza Abubakar, appealed
to the public to maintain the highest standard of individual hygiene. He called on the people to report any suspected cases promptly to the nearest health facility. According to him, hygiene is recommended not only for Lassa fever but to prevent diseases that can be caused through the lack of hygiene. The state’s Commissioner for Agriculture and Forestry, Halima Lawal, said improved hygiene could eliminate the disease. She urged residents to wash hands regularly with soap under running water, cover their mouth and nose properly with handkerchief
or tissue paper when sneezing/coughing. Director of Environment, Yusuf Muazu, said the ministry was also working and intensifying efforts to ensure that all waste were properly and promptly evacuated. The Chairperson of Chikun Local Government Area, Ladi Yahuza, said that the council would intensify sensitisation to educate residents on how to keep safe. She added that “the first victim of Lassa fever in the state was from Chikun and we don’t want it to happen again, as we are working toward educating the people on good hygiene. There is the need to keep everywhere clean, rodents-free.” (NAN)