By Martha Agas  Jos – The Rotary club of Naraguta, District 9125, has bestowed an award of excellence on the founder of Child Love and Protection Advocacy Agency (CLAPAI), Mrs Kyenpiya Nyabam, for granting refuge to 381 children. In an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Jos, Nyabam said the award was an encouragement for her to keep rendering humanitarian services to indigent persons in the society. NAN reports that the founder of CLAPAI was recognised alongside four others at the Rotary Award of Excellence as part of activities to mark the global Rotary month of vocation in January. “I appreciate Rotary for recognising me amongst others for the award and I dedicate the award to the children at CLAPAI Orphanage and all the orphans and vulnerable children in Plateau and Nigeria. “We have two homes, two free schools and we do other projects,” she said. She called on individuals and organisations to intervene in the challenges of vulnerable children in the society, saying they were hopeful of great future with education and love. NAN reports that the Rotary Award for Vocational Excellence is an award for an individual, Rotarian or non-Rotarian, who have a record of commitment and high achievement in their chosen vocations. CLAPAI founder who is also an anti-human trafficking advocate and the coordinator of Media Campaign against Human Trafficking (MECAHT), Plateau chapter, also uses sports to reintegrate youths in communities affected by inter religious crisis. NAN further reports that other recipients of the Rotary award of excellence were, the NAWOJ Chairperson I Plateau, Mrs Jennifer Yarima, for fighting against abuse of vulnerable women and children. Other recipients were Rev. Fr Augustine Ndu who is the Director of Our Lady of Victory Rehabilitation Center for drug addicts, Dr Emmanuel Miri who coordinated the river blindness control programme in nine states including Plateau. Among them also is Mrs Alice Ekeoha, a seasoned school administrator who awarded scholarship to less privileged children. (NAN)