By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal Ilorin – The Olofa of Offa, Oba Mufutau Gbadamosi, has advised the Federal Government to support local manufacturers in order to promote speedy economic recovery in the country. The monarch gave the advice on Saturday at the official inauguration of Ralawal Quarry at Badi Village, a suburb of Ilorin. He said that there was the need for the government at all levels to support entrepreneurs, especially in the manufacturing sector. According to him, the establishment of manufacturing industries in the country would have multiplier effect on job creation. “This kind of enterprises will surely reduce the problem of unemployment in Kwara and Nigeria as a whole. ” Government as such should ensure the environment is conducive for people willing to invest in this sector,” he said. The monarch commended the Chief Executive Officer of Ralawal for the establishment of the quarry, while urging other investors to emulate him. Also speaking, Dr Kamoru Yusuf, the Chairman of Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN), Kwara and Kogi Chapter, appealed to the Federal Government to support local manufacturers with funds. He observed that manufacturers were taking huge risk of investing their capital, health and expertise in order to contribute to the nation-building process as well as providing jobs. Yusuf, who is also the Group Managing Director of KAM Holdings, said: “With this, the Federal Government should pay more attention to the manufacturers and support them in their business. “There is need for government to initiate single digit interest rate on loans borrowed by investors. “With this, more industries will spring up and the existing ones will continue to wax stronger for the economic benefit of the nation. “I congratulate the foresight of Alhaji Abdulrasheed Lawal for establishing this project as more jobs would be created and more developmental projects would soon be attracted to this place.” Earlier in his address, Lawal had stated that the establishment of the quarry would have positive impact on the economy of Kwara in providing job opportunities for the people. Lawal, who said that the quarry has a capacity to employ between 120 and 150 people, added that he would continue to contribute his quota to the development of the manufacturing industry in the state and the country as a whole. (NAN)