By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Executive Vice Chairman of Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) , Engr Prof U.G Danbatta has assured that the Commission is committed to making sure that our children and youth are protected from cyber criminals. Danbatta disclosed this on Tuesday during the flagg-off ceremony for Cyber security enlightenment programme for schools held in Abuja organized by the Nigerian Communication Commission. He said that
the fight against cybercrime transcends geographical jurisdictions; as such the
NCC is working to build strategic partnerships and collaborative alliance with
stakeholders Agencies and organization. The EVC who noted that the internet provides countless opportunities for children said it also exposes them to potential harmful contents. According to him, it is an undeniable fact that the internet has become an indispensable element of everyday life, for that reason, our children and youths are not excluded; they are highly involved in the use of new technology application, especially since it provides the opportunity for research, learning, communication, entertainment and business for those with entrepreneurial minds. It is
because children and youth constitute a large proportion of Nigeria’s population
that makes them the most active participants online via social network sites,
making them potential victims of grooming, inappropriate content and exposure
to unscrupulous actors and the likes. This he said is why the nationwide cyber
security awareness being flagged of today is aimed at sensitizing secondary
school children on cyber related crimes, such as cyber bullying, internet
fraud, identity theft, online soliciting of minors, etc. Danbatta reminded that it is part of effort to protect the youth form cyber criminals that informed the ongoing nationwide cyber security awareness campaign being flagged off today starting with FCT which will later be extended to the 36 states of the federation. This is with the view to sensitizing secondary school children on cyber related crimes. Also, the Minister of Communication, who was represented by Dr Femi Adeloye in his speech, said that “our students should be exposed to digital literacy and acquire the necessary knowledge to even provide cybersecurity.  Adding that they should always do three things which he called “ASK” – A for Advocacy, S for skill development and K for knowledge. Others
dignitaries who graced the flagging off ceremony are, Minister of Education,  Mallam Adamu Adamu represented by Mallam
Abubakar Isah and Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs Paulin Talim represented by
Princess Jummai Ideneje. 