By Joshua Olomu  Abuja – “Nigeria 1914”, a historical movie that chronicles Nigeria’s past, before and after amalgamation in 1914 , up to her independence in 1960, is set to make Nollywood debute, its producer has said. Mr Akin Laniyi, Producer and Project Director of ‘Nigeria 1914’ film project, stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja. According to him, the film project has received the endorsements of the Federal Ministry of Information and Culture, Nigerian Film Corporation (NFC) with its production scheduled to coincide with Nigeria’s 60th independence anniversary. He added that the project would feature a documentary that reflects Nigeria’s past and envision its future and a film that would dramatise the nation’s history from 1914, featuring actors from Nigeria and Europe. “After years of painstaking research to unearth historical facts both in Nigeria and the United Kingdom, ‘Nigeria 1914’ will feature Nigeria’s finest actors, actresses and crew. “Their counterparts from Great Britain will also be featured to dramatise the events of 1914 that gave birth to our great country, in compelling historic film to compete in quality standard anywhere. “Our children, for example, for the very first time in a movie, will see how the name Nigeria came about, among other historical highlights that will touch our hearts and conscience. Laniyi explained that ‘Nigeria 1914’ is inspired by the acclaimed American classic movie ‘Roots’, released to educate and touch the moral conscience of Americans. He added that he also drew inspiration from the epic film “Australia”, produced based on Australian history to promote interracial understanding between white Australian settlers and aboriginal natives for a greater future for Australia’s diversity. “We felt that at a time like this, Nigeria is in need of such a project because it will provoke our consciousness as a people to reflect on our great history and the much needed social order.” He said that the proposed motion picture would be set in locations across Nigeria, featuring veteran Nollywood actors Pete Edochie, Patience Ozokwor, Magaji Mijinyawa, Asabe Madaki, Nkem Owoh and Joke Silva, among others. He added that the project would feature a documentary that reflects Nigeria’s past and envision its future and a film that would dramatise the nation’s history from 1914, featuring actors from Nigeria and Europe. “The aim is to produce a highly educational material and an iconic national asset based on our great history that would educate and inspire us and our children on the essence of patriotism, nationalism, and nationhood.” “It exposes the majesty of unknown aspects of the Nigerian story and way of life that will resonate and touch hearts and consciences all over the world unforgettably,” he said (NAN)