The family of the Leader of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, has expressed immense gratitude to guests who attended the burial of their late parents, HRM Eze Israel Kanu , and Ugoeze Sally Kanu who were buried last Friday. Kanu’s family also commended members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra, IPOB as well as the security agencies particularly the police for their peaceful conduct during the burial. The family which addressed a press conference in Umuahia also said they were highly impressed with the massive turnout of people from all walks of life at the burial. They thanked mourners who poured in from “different parts of the globe” to identify with the family at the trying moment, and prayed God to reward them. Second son of the family, Kingsley Kanu who spoke for his siblings said enemies of the struggle for Biafra restoration who wished the event to go awry were disappointed at the prevailing peace and security during the burial. He seriously commended IPOB members for their peaceful comportment in line with their non-violent philosophy and for not playing into the waiting hands of the enemies. Kingsley said the massive attendance at the burial was a tremendous encouragement to the family that they were not alone in their moment of grief. He said the demise of their parents was a blow to the family but noted that it had made them to be more united as a family. Speaking for the kindred, Head of the extended family, Chijindu Offor, described the burial of the late monarch and his wife as a “heavy success.” He thanked all those who contributed in various ways to make it colourfull and hitch -free. Offor also thanked God for granting all those who attended the burial journey mercies “both to-and-fro”. Adding his voice, the IPOB’s youngest brother , Prince Emmanuel Kanu commended the media for their role in helping to dounce the unnecessary tension that preceded the burial. He noted that but for the professionalism exhibited by media practitioners in Abia in managing the situation , the enemies would have succeeded in scuttling the peaceful burial the family had wanted to accord their late parents. Corroborating his position, Mrs. Favour Kanu who spoke on behalf of the daughters born to the family said the media helped in managing and correcting a lot of wrong information and speculation that preceded the event. She noted that the tension that pervaded the state ahead of the burial was as a result of misinformation by rumour mongers but thanked God “everything was very successful”. Source: Authority