By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Senator representing Plateau Central, Senator Dimka Ayuba has mourned the death of his colleague and friend,  late Ignatius Longjan  who died on February 10 in Abuja after a brief illness. The senator who described late Longjan as down to earth and selfless, said he is the most hit  as far as his demise is concerned. Senator Ayuba disclosed this on Wednesday in a chat with
newsmen shortly after the valedictory session held in honour of the deceased in
the red chamber. According to him, I am the most hit as far Senator Ignatius’ death is concern. You heard in the chambers when my colleagues said we were like twins. Always. I am either in his office or he is in my office. One good thing about him is that even at his age and experience, even when I insist we should sit in his office and discuss some issues, he will say no, it will be in my office. You  can see the humility in him, I am missing him and greatly for that matter. He is just too much and he is a selfless person, he added. “He doesn’t care, even if it is something to be shared, he might say don’t worry take it alone. So you can see the kind of person he was. I know Plateau state is going to miss him greatly. He was a diplomat, still came back and was given the post of Chief of Staff  to Governor, that was not the end, he was also given a position of Deputy Governor and these are appointments. But to test ground to be sure he is accepted in his place,
he came out for senate and he was elected . That tells you the kind of person
he was and how he lived. In his reaction to calls by some senators for special prayers to be conducted between Christians and muslims since  the senate has recorded three death in less than three months to avoid further occurrence, Senator Ayuba said; “Well prayers yes of course we believe in God- call him Allah or God He is the same and we are making request to one God, the maker of heaven and earth. If we have to pray, we have to pray but there is one thing I want people to know, just like one of my colleague was trying to mention, life and death we have no power over them, only God has. So if God has destined that you are dying today, well, we will pray but when the time comes you have to go. Death is something we cannot change, he added.