Fire on Wednesday disrupted the activities of the officers of the Rapid Response Squad (RRS) headquarters at the Alausa, Ikeja office. The Nation learnt that one of the power distribution boxes in the RRS office caught fire. The RRS office is near Bagauda Kaltho Press Centre. The incident occurred around 11:30am. An eyewitness said the fire was immediately put out by RRS officers. Firefighters from the Lagos State Fire Services also assisted in extinguishing the fire and ensured the building was safe for officers to continue their daily activities. The distribution box was said to be on the first floor of RRS building. An official of the formation told The Nation that none of RRS offices was affected by the fire. According to him, efforts are in progress to detect and fix the electrical fault He said: “One of the power distribution boxes in RRS Headquarters caught fire this morning (yesterday) and it was immediately extinguished by RRS officers. “Officers of the Lagos State Fire Services also assisted in extinguishing the fire and ensured the building was safe for officers to continue their daily activities. “The distribution box located on the first floor of the one storey building caught fire around 11:30a.m.” In a similar incident, fire gutted a building in Magodo Phase 2. The building is 68 Straight Gate Bus Stop, adjacent Straight Gate School Magodo Phase 2. According to the Lagos State Emergency Agency (LASEMA), investigation conducted at the incident scene by the LASEMA Response Team (LRT) revealed that the fire started from a kitchen upstairs due to power surge. Though, no casualties recorded, the fire, however, destroyed some property. The fire was initially curtailed by the LASEMA Response Team and men of Lagos State Fire Services. “The fire has been completely put out by the combined efforts of the agency’s team and the Lagos State Fire Service. There are several visible cracks on the walls of the first floor of the building after a Post Disaster Assessment was conducted. The remains of the gutted building has been dampened to forestall a re-ignition. This development calls for attention and involvement of the Lagos State Building Control Agency (LASBCA),” Nosa Okunbor, LASEMA Head of Public Affairs-LASEMA said. The Nation