4,653 rounds of bullets disguised in a bag of rice has reportedly being intercepted in Moriki, Zamfara state on Wednesday, February 12, 2020. According to reports, troops deployed at Moriki, Zamfara State who were working based on intelligent information received, mounted an emergency stop and search checkpoint where a motor bike with a bag looking like a bag of rice was found carrying 4,653 rounds of bullets. The bike man carrying the bag refused to stop for search at the checkpoint, leading to a hot chase. Although the rider was said to have escaped, the bike was impounded and the bag carrying about 4653 rounds of 7.62mm (special). At about 10a.m on Wednesday, troops deployed at Moriki, Zamfara State, received a tip-off on the movement of ammunition and mounted an emergency stop and search checkpoint. Not long after, a motor bike arrived with a bag looking like a bag of rice. The bike man, however, refused to stop for routine checks and the troop had to give a hot chase. They got the bike impounded while the rider escaped. They later discovered that the bag contained about 4653 rounds of 7.62mm (special). View Post Below: At about 10a.m on Wednesday, troops deployed at Moriki, Zamfara State, received a tip-off on the movement of ammunition and mounted an emergency stop and search checkpoint. Not long after, a motor bike arrived with a bag looking like a bag of rice. The bike man, however, refused to stop for routine checks and the troop had to give a hot chase. They got the bike impounded while the rider escaped. They later discovered that the bag contained about 4653 rounds of 7.62mm (special).
4,653 rounds of bullets disguised as rice, intercepted in Zamfara At about 10a.m on Wednesday, troops deployed at Moriki, Zamfara State, received a tip-off on the movement of ammunition and mounted an emergency stop and search checkpoint. Not long after, a motor bike arrived with a bag looking like a bag of rice. The bike man, however, refused to stop for routine checks and the troop had to give a hot chase. They got the bike impounded while the rider escaped. They later discovered that the bag contained about 4653 rounds of 7.62mm (special). 4,653 rounds of bullets disguised as rice, intercepted in ZamfaraAt about 10a.m on Wednesday, troops deployed at Moriki, Zamfara State, received a tip-off on the movement of ammunition and mounted an emergency stop and search checkpoint.Not long after, a motor bike arrived with