…Calls For Setting Up of A Critical Thinking Body For Nigeria By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – A pathologist with the  National Hospital, Dr. Henry Ewunonu has said
that it is time to integrate traditional medicine into orthodox medical
practice as modern
medicine is failing because of its prohibitive cost and as Nigerians continue
to lament about shortage of trained manpower or workforce. This is also
as he has advocated for the setting up of a “critical thinking body for the
nation who job is to do nothing else than thinking positively for the good of
the country. He hinted
this on Monday in an interview with our political correspondent in his National
Hospital office in Abuja. According to the pathologist, “there is an overriding
need to start thinking seriously about the contribution of traditional medicine
and integrating such into orthodox care in our nation. Nigerians are strong adherents of
the two Abrahamic religion plus our native one, the traditional medicine and in
all these, there are places for strong believe about healing and we believe
that for instance, the book of Genesis provide notion that vegetation around,
God told Adam that it is for foods  and
herbs. Meaning that
these vegetation around us therefore are for specific purposes. As modern
medicine is failing because of its prohibitive cost, as we continue to shout about
short of trained manpower or workforce, it is becoming more and more important,
if not exigent that we start
looking into what nature has given us in terms of skills. We know that
certain skilling skills run in families for instance, there are some families
that are renowned for bone- setting or fracture management; some are renowned
for mentally- illed patients, there are some that are renowned from great
grandmother to the present daughters, 
they are traditional mid-wives. In our
country today, current realities must propel us to start looking inside the
box. By looking inside the box I mean, in the presence of very glaring dearth
or deficiency in number of trained work-force, how do we integrate the
non-trained ones, train them to mitigate the gap. Give them limits, supervise
them. For instance, we can have one medical doctor and a few mid-wives supervising
traditional mid-wives within a particular local government area. Tell them the
warning signs, the red flags they should look out for on a woman in labour and
to call for help instead of living certain communities bare of any form of
treatment and after we turn back and shout Oh, high mortal mortality. So what
is Nigeria’s response to high mortal mortality? We all know
how difficult it is to manage bone fracture in Nigeria. We don’t have enough
orthopedic surgeons, so how do we empower the local traditional bone setters,
he asked? China and
other countries have done this and not abandoned their trado-medicals. Chinese
herbs are everywhere and Indian herbs are everywhere.  India is now renowned to be the highest
producer of spices all over the world. Some of these herbs have been converted
into spices and integrated into nutrition. Nutrition is an issue and Nigeria is now known
to be the highest country with stunted children in Africa. What is our
response, instead we are trying to import what they call high-impact-diet
nutrition whatever formulated in laboratories, factories in Europe and America. Is there
nothing high impact down here? I know one herb called “hospital-is-far”. What
does it do? They said that it’s the best herb for curing anemia. Pregnant
women, a child and the blood level is low, this hospital-is-far herb
revitalizes the blood system within a matter of weeks. In addition
to our Ugu and pawpaw leaves, these are just few examples to show that perhaps
if we look inwards, we may find cure for even cancer. Our frustration is coming from the fact
that there appear to be no critical thinking body in this country. A body
that its duty, whether legislature, executive or civil society whose duty is to
think for the country. People who do nothing else than thinking positively for
the good of the country. People who are disturbed enough about how badly we are
performing as a nation and now constitute themselves into wearing the thinking
caps where they say let us look within. So I think it is worth exploring because
that African science so to speak, is fast getting obsolete and endangered
because the practitioners are getting old. Many have
died with that knowledge and nobody recorded them or documented that body of
knowledge they had and they have died with it. Of course because that practice
was labeled fetish, so their children have gone to the cities in search of
white collar jobs. Meanwhile
our country men and women are in dare need of such technology, such science and
such practices.  So time to integrate
traditional medicine into modern or orthodox medicine was yesterday not even
today.