The chairman of the All Progressive Congress in Bauchi state , Alh. Ubah Nana is currently battling to save his position as aggrieved members within the party are already making move to sack him, the Nation can report. Our Correspondent gathered that the party is disorganise at the moment, since their pillar of strength, immediate past governor, Muhammad Abubakar is no more in power. The party has now find itself in an unfavourable position and are also struggling to remain relevant. It was also gathered that the crisis in the party before the 2019 general election which led to some high ranking members of the party to defecting to the People’s Democratic Party, PDP) has , however , deepened Some aggrieved members of the party have questioned the leadership abilities of Ubah Nana saying he is not doing enough to unite the party members. Nana is said to be a loyalist of former governor Mohammed Abubakar which the aggrieved members are not comfortable with. According to the chairman of the APC Volunteer Reconciliation Forum in the state Alh. Hassan Sherif, who spoke with our Correspondence in a telephone interview, the aggrieved members have been to Abuja to formally lay their complaints to the national chairman of the party Adams Oshiomole , against Ubah Nana. Sherif alleged that the party chairman was trying to derail the party further, saying “he’s unable to unify the party members and ensure that those elected under the platform of the party take care of its members”. He called on the state party chairman to resign since he was unable to ensure discipline and unity of members of the APC. “That is why we are in Abuja, to complaint to the National Chairman, we have seen him, and we have seen the National Secretary of the Party, and we will also see the President”, he said. “I’m sure they will call him to hear from him on why he is treating the party the way he’s doing”, Alh. Sherif added. He also debunked allegations that his group was sponsored by some APC senators to cause trouble in the party and get rid of the state party chairman, Uba Nana, saying; “If he (Party Chairman) does not like what we are doing, let him resign and allow someone who will nurture the party to take over. “You know we don’t have power at the state level and our members are lying fallow, so our interest is that we want to ensure that party stakeholders take care of the party—this is a responsibility of NASS members of the APC to take care of the party” he said. Also a chieftain of the party who spoke in confidence with the Nation said the APC in the state can’t be regarded as a strong party again ever since they left government. The chieftain added that aside the leadership crisis rocking the party, there is also financial crisis. He said ” The party is disorganise at the moment, since their pillar of strength, immediate past governor, Muhammad Abubakar is no more in power, the party can’t be regarded as a strong party again since they left government, as Abubakar having lost his second term bid , they find themselves in an unfavorable position” ”They depended so much on the Abubakar during his time but as it is now, when you’re no more in government you can’t enjoy certain privileges like before again. The major problem of the party now is funding. Life outside power for the party has been difficult due to the over reliance on him Abubakar. He added ”You know when a party is no more in power, it loses certain respect, people do not like to associate themselve with the party, The former Governor is now trying to fend for himself, he won’t take the risk of sponsoring the party” ”Following the shocking defeat of the party at the governorship level they’re now scattered like sheeps without Shepherd” Meanwhile, several calls and text messages put across to the Party Chairman, Uba Nana , were neither answered nor returned as at the time of filing this report. (The Nation)