Hong Kong – Hong Kong Health authorities said five persons evacuated from a residential building where a man and a woman confirmed with coronavirus lived were on Tuesday tested negative for the virus. The authorities said the development would ease concerns over a cluster of the outbreak in the Chinese-ruled city. “The five persons were exhibiting flu-like symptoms earlier. They remained in quarantine together with 200-plus residents who were evacuated from the building in Tsing Yi District in the new territories. “The evacuation occurred after a 62-year-old woman became the second confirmed case in the building on Monday, after a 75-year-old man tested positive on Jan. 30. “The two patients currently receiving treatment live on different floors. “Initial investigations into the drainage system in the building further reduced concerns that the virus may have spread through the pipes,” authorities said. The authorities said that the flat where the latest infection was discovered had an alteration to its drainage system, but the pipe network in the public building was in good condition. Parts of Hong Kong, including restaurants, shopping malls and cafes, are almost deserted as people work from home and schools remained closed. The development evoked memories of 2003 when Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) sent panic across the city. Most of Hong Kong’s population of more than seven million people live in high-rise buildings. In 2003, initial exposure was blamed on high concentrations of the virus entering apartment bathrooms through floor drains in a complex called Amoy Gardens. Yuen Kwok-yung, Chair of Infectious Diseases, Department of Microbiology at the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, said “the pipe design in the building is very good and even better than in many private properties, and it is definitely not the same situation as Amoy Garden.’’ SARS killed nearly 300 people in Hong Kong. Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam earlier on Tuesday appealed for residents to stay indoors as much as possible. “As part and parcel of enhancing social distancing we are making an appeal to the people of Hong Kong to stay at home as much as possible. “But at the moment, we’re making this appeal, we’re not going for compulsory closures because Hong Kong is a free society.’’ The government has confirmed 49 cases of coronavirus, which has killed more than 1,000 people, almost all in mainland China. Embattled Lam is grappling with the health scare even as she faces broader tensions in Hong Kong society where months of often-violent anti-government protests paralysed parts of the global financial centre. The virus has piled further pressure on Hong Kong’s economy, with retailers, hotels and travel-related businesses among the hardest hit as tourists stayed away. (Reuters/NAN)