By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu – The General Overseer of Christian Victory Prayer Ministry Worldwide, Pastor Dan Obinegbo, has urged Christians and politicians to shun greed for a better society. Obinegbo made the call at a news conference on Sunday in Enugu to mark the 25 years anniversary of the Church coming up from Feb. 13 to Feb. 16 in Enugu. He noted that greed had led many people including clerics to do the wrong things and God’s anger rekindled against them and their ministry; “since God will never share his glory with any man’’. According the cleric, God is still faithful; it is us men that abuse ourselves due to greed and social influence. “Greed most times put our status as spiritual defenders of the people in jeopardy. “When we take away greed from the service of God and pastors not yielding to unnecessary influence and bending to influential church members; desires; the world will indeed be a better place since God remains faithful’’. Obinegbo noted that one of the greatest challenges of the country “is the prolonged tribal greed by politicians not truly willing to share power and positions in a multi-ethnic country’’. He said that as a prophet, he had continued to warn Nigerians that the country was standing on an amalgamated tripod of three regions and there must be equitable and fair sharing of positions. ”If the sharing is rotational, allow it to stand for equity,” he said. He also urged politicians to shun unnecessary acquisition of wealth, especially stealing from public treasury. “Politicians should be honesty to the people and leave legacy projects behind that they would be remembered for after office,” he said. The cleric said that politicians had failed to provide gainful employment for youths but rather try to use them as thugs; thus, escalating joblessness and insecurity across the land. “It is unfortunate that politicians want to see youths around them singing their praise but have no plan for the future job engagement and betterment of those young men that follow him/her all about before, during and after elections,’’ he said. On the silver-jubilee celebration of the church, the cleric noted that it would be used to re-enact the ample testimonies of salvation, healing and deliverance the church was noted for in the past 25 years. (NAN)