By Polycarp Auta Shendam (Plateau) – Lawmakers and some critical stakeholders from communities in Shendam Local Government Area of Plateau on Monday met to fashion out best ways of ensuring access to clean water and promoting sanitation. The town hall meeting held in Shendam at the instance of an NGO, Society for Water and Sanitation (NEWSAN). Declaring the meeting open, Mr Jephtha Daleng, Project Officer of the organisation, said the meeting aimed at making community members understand the need to keep a clean environment. Daleng also said that the meeting was geared toward creating room for members of the public to interface with their elected representatives on issues of water and sanitation “The purpose of the town hall meeting is to bring the duty bearers like the legislators and other elected officials to have an interface with the members of their constituents. “The key focus of this meeting is for the legislators both at the state and national level to give members of the public stewardship in the last six months of their stay at either the State House of Assembly or the National Assembly. “The issue of water and sanitation in our communities is very key and the essence of this meeting is creating access to clean water and basic sanitation by duty bearers,” he said. Speaking at the event, Mr Komsol Longgap, Member representing Mikang, Quanpan and Shendanm federal constituency, promised to prioritise access to clean water and sanitation within the constituency. Longgap also promised to construct durable and modern boreholes in the remotest areas of his constituency to ease the sufferings of his people in accessing clean water. On his part, Mr Kwapfuan Livinus, Member Representing Shendam at the state House of Assembly, promised constant interfacing with members of his constituency to attract more government presence in terms of access to clean water. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the meeting had in attendance traditional rulers, religious leaders, community Based Organisations (CBOs), Market Women Association, Farmers Associations, People with Disabilities (PWDs), and Water Consumers Association Members. NAN also reports that a seminar meeting is expected to hold with stakeholders in Riyom Local Government Area of the state by Tuesday. (NAN)