By Aisha Gambo and Sani Abdulrahman  Kaduna – Prof. Abdullahi Shehu, former Director, Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Inter Governmental Action Group Against Money Laundering in West Africa (GIABA) says the anti-dote to insecurity in the region is good governance. Shehu made the statement during the second International Conference on Insecurity in Africa organised by the Faculty of Arts, Kaduna State University (KASU), in Kaduna on Monday. The conference, which was organised by the Faculty of Arts of the university, has the theme: “The Humanities and Challenges of Insecurity in Africa”. He also stressed the need for the academia to help proffer solutions which would tackle problem of security and ensure the protection of fundamental rights that would enhance living standard and human dignity. He highlighted six issues that could engender peace and security in Africa, noting that efforts must be geared towards tackling corruption, violent extremism, terrorism and insurgency. Shehu further stressed that improving good governance through participatory democracy must begin with the conduct of free, fair and credible elections. The diplomat added that countries in Africa must take advantage of technology in addressing the challenges of security and other developmental issues. On his part, Prof. Adoyi Onoja from Nasarawa State University said Nigerian governments must redefine their policies and strategies on security in order to record scale down in the current wave of insecurity. Onoja who gave the historical background of insecurity in Nigeria, added that there was the need for the country to understand the security tactics of other countries so as to enhance theirs. Prof. Imam Isah-Abdulkareem, the Dean Faculty of Arts in the university, described the topic as timely due to the prevalence of insecurity being faced by African nations. The keynote Speaker, Maj.-Gen. Saleh Maina (Rtd), said humanities as a branch of knowledge has a great role to play in proffering solutions in tackling the problems of insecurity in Africa. He noted that there was the need for platform for inter-human connection via dialogue and conferences, saying such could help reduce poverty, hunger and terrorism. Earlier, the Vice Chancellor, Prof.Muhammad Tanko, represented by his deputy, Prof. Yohanna Tela, said part of the duties of the academic community was to provide intellectual direction towards tackling challenges of insecurity and others. (NAN)