By Rita Iliya Minna – Dr Amina Bello, wife of Niger Governor on Friday inaugurated the state secretariat of the Nigeria Association of Women Journalists, (NAWOJ). The secretariat was constructed by the state government through the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) in Minna. Bello said that the gesture should encourage NAWOJ to leverage on its resources and creative talents to advance the dissemination of information for SDG 16. She noted that the SDG 16 seeks to promote peaceful and inclusive societies, ensuring public access to information and protecting fundamental freedoms among others. She expressed optimism that the support from the government would increase mutual relationship between the media and government agencies for prompt and balanced reportage. “You should take the opportunity provided by this new edifice and improved facilities to update and upgrade your knowledge and skills for enhanced delivery of your responsibilities,” she said. Earlier, Mrs Ifeyinwa Omowole, National President of NAWOJ, described the secretriat as the first of its kind in North central zone and commended the state leadership of NAWOJ for the feat. Omowole, who was represented by Hajiya Jamila Abubakar, Vice President, Zone D, called on other state governments to emulate Niger government to provide a befitting secretariat for women journalists. “We commend the Niger state government for acknowledging the role female journalists have been playing in the state with its reward in the edifice donated. I am calling on other governors in the zone to emulate the Niger state governor,” she said. She said that the association would continue to use various media platforms to mirror the society by exposing social ills, especially human trafficking, sexual abuse and child labour. In his address, Alhaji Abdullahi Arah, Director General of SDG in Niger, urged the association to maintain the structure and gave assurance to sustain partnership with NAWOJ. In her remark, Mrs Mary Berje, the state Chairperson of NAWOJ, commended the state government and SDG for the structure and gave assurance that the secretariat would be maintained. (NAN)