Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo state has denied that his government is made up of looters. The governor also insisted that appointment into his administration is made up of credible Imo sons and daughters who have zero tolerance for criminality. The explanation followed the rumours of massive looting in government house over the fears that the review of the governorship petition by the Supreme Court would sack Governor Uzodinma. But, in a statement he issued through his spokesman, Oguwike Nwachuku, the governor said he is the proud of the persons so far appointed into his government. According to the statement, Uzodinma’s “government is proud of such personnel who have the fear of God and are solely committed to the service of the good people of Imo State. “The rumour, therefore, making the rounds on alleged looting in Imo State Government House is nothing but a lie from the pit of hell. “The rumour is engineered by members of the previous administration and their agents who are experts in assets stripping. They are yet to come to terms with the fact that the era of looting of government property is gone forever with their ouster from government. “Because criminals will always be criminals, they are seeing in the planned review of the case the sacked Emeka Ihedioha’s administration took before the Supreme Court and the adjournment as another window of opportunity to cause disaffection. “Unfortunately, they did not know that they were only reminding Imo people of what they are noted for i.e. looting of public funds and assets stripping of government property”, the statement reads. It added that under the government of Senator Uzodinma, Imo people were happy that the looters they saw yesterday they would not see again. “Governor Uzodinma does not only have confidence in the staff he has assembled to work with him, he also has implicit confidence in the entire Imo State work force and together they are working to ensure that Imo people are made prosperous. “Those who are alleging looting of government property should therefore have their heads examined or better still have a rethink in their own interest,” he said. The Nation