By David Adeoye Ibadan – The Oyo State Government said on Monday that four contracts would be terminated for failing to meet up with the performance specifications and schedule. Prof. Raphael Afonja, the State Commissioner for Public Works and Transports, made this known in Ibadan. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that Gov. Seyi Makinde recently said that the administration was compiling the list of non-performing contractors in the state. He lamented the agony being experienced by people living in the affected areas where road construction works were ongoing. Speaking with newsmen on the ongoing road projects in the state, Afonja said “we have got complaints across the state about the pace and quality of work done by these contractors.” “Gov. Makinde also inspected the pace of work during the day and even in the night. ” I can tell you now that termination notice will soon be given to four non-performing contractors. “Complaints have come from across the state and when we came on board, we had to do a contract review and we realised that the quality of work done by some of these contractors was poor. “We also realised that most of the agreements have also lapsed and none of them had performance bond in their files. ” The performance bond is a way to tell a contractor that if you don’t do a good job, you will be penalised. “So we gave them time, which is the past five months which was to see if they could impress the government, we gave them our standard and our requirements. ” Some of them have not lived up to that while some have; so with the approval of the governor, the next step is to issue termination notice to some of them,” the commissioner added. According to Afonja, among the contracts inherited by the present administration and still ongoing are the dualisation of Idi-Ape-Basorun-Akobo-Odogbo Barracks road in Ibadan and dualisation of Saki township road. Others are Eleyele – Akufo-Ido-Eruwa road, Moniya-Iseyin road and Agodi-Gate-Old Ife Road in Ibadan. (NAN)