Olakunle Churchill’s son with Tonto Dikeh, King Andre is 4 today. And his father took to his instagram page to write an open letter where he made a lot of revelations and accusations. He wrote; ”It is with the deepest and sincerest love, not just as a man, but as a father that I celebrate the one after my heart. Today marks the blessed day that my son King Andre breathe his first air in this world. I therefore pray for the goodness of God upon your life to blossom, his protection, guidance and good health, continue to grow in the unprecedented grace of almighty God. On this special day, there are some things I’d like to share….. even though my heart feel so heavy to say this but it’s basically to shed more light to the darkness created by bitterness… son its is very imperative to speak to you at this point. It’s important to know that no child came into this world by the means of one entity; it’s always through the coming together of a man and a woman (parents). In addition, I want you to know that you have a father and he’s right here with you. I AM HERE FOR YOU IRRESPECTIVE OF CHALLENGES AND SITUATIONS between the union of my self and your mom. The same blood runs in us, nothing can change that. No one can change your name or turn your face away from me, you are my blood and for ever you will be mine. I remembered winning the judgement in court to have access to you two days before your 2nd birthday in 2018. The court insisted that your mother should grant me access to see you whenever I want through a Nanny, you can even visit me on holidays and other special events, also I was given your international passport and all your credentials after showing payment proves. The condition was fine by me as a caring father, even though I have always wanted to have you by my side all day and all night, play together, tell tales and assist in your home works, instill the needed discipline but the situations at hand couldn’t, because we need to respect the judgement to avoid contempt of the court. Unfortunately my dear son, the agreement was breached by for flimsy excuses, I couldn’t forget in a hurry the the fun we had together the last time we met; but today I must reiterate that all the excuses for the denial is basically unacceptable to me because I can’t imaging the saying that you have no Nanny till this present moment simply because the court said we should always meet through the nanny. I’m taking my time to see that the court’s judgement is handled without troubles, I hope the court will have to review those conditions again . King, you are my son and the love that exits between us is immeasurable and inseparable. This is my prayer for you: -You will grow and be nurtured in the way of God and nothing can dim your shining light. -May the Almighty God continue to bless and keep you safe, my dearest son. I love you with every fiber of my being. I promise to continue the fight for you because it is a good fight and by the grace of God we wining.. All the best in your pursuits Happy Birthday, Son. Your Dad, Churchill. View Post: It is with the deepest and sincerest love, not just as a man, but as a father that I celebrate the one after my heart. Today marks the blessed day that my son King Andre breathe his first air in this world. I therefore pray for the goodness of God upon your life to blossom, his protection, guidance and good health, continue to grow in the unprecedented grace of almighty God. On this special day, there are some things I’d like to share….. even though my heart feel so heavy to say this but it's basically to shed more light to the darkness created by bitterness… son its is very imperative to speak to you at this point. It's important to know that no child came into this world by the means of one entity; it’s always through the coming together of a man and a woman (parents). In addition, I want you to know that you have a father and he’s right here with you. I AM HERE FOR YOU IRRESPECTIVE OF CHALLENGES AND SITUATIONS between the union of my self and your mom. The same blood runs in us, nothing can change that. No one can change your name or turn your face away from me, you are my blood and for ever you will be mine. _ cont. from next post A post shared by  Olakunle Churchill (@olakunlechurchill) on Feb 17, 2020 at 6:34am PST Source