A housewife, Mrs. Chinwendu Chita, 32 has been arrested for turning her husband, Okechukwu Chita, into a punching bag in their matrimonial home in Lagos. According to PM Express, Mrs. Chinwendu claimed that she had been married to Okechukwu for some years, he had been unable to impregnate her and had not shown any commitment for them to have a child. The alleged incident happened at Alhaji Agbeke Street, Ago Okota area of Lagos, where they reside. It was gathered that Chinwendu had constantly assaulted her husband since 2018 to the extent that Okechukwu was said to be afraid to return to their matrimonial home. The Police at Ago Palace had intervened in the matter to no avail rather the situation became worse. She was said to have locked up her husband inside the house on 22nd December, 2019 and assaulted him by using a frying spoon to smash his head and face, causing him grievous injury. Then she forcefully collected the sum of N650,000 from him before she spared his life. It was gathered that Okechukwu, who hails from Anambra State, got married to Chinwendu from Abia State for some years but the couple had no child to show for the marriage despite the fact that Okechukwu was said to be a successful business man. The wife was said to have been saddened by the situation which made her turn violent against Okechukwu. She was said to have continued to beat him despite warnings from the Police at Ago Division. On Monday, Chinwendu was said to have grabbed Okechukwu, beat him mercilessly but he managed to run to the Police Station and reported the assault. The DPO then sent one Police woman, Sgt. Ojooniyan Omonike, to invite her and she also assaulted the Police woman. The Police eventually arrested her and she was charged before the Ejigbo Magistrates Court for the alleged assault on her husband and the Police woman. She pleaded not guilty. The prosecutor, Supol Kenneth Asibor, then asked the Court to give a date for hearing to enable the Police to prove that she actually committed the alleged offence. The Presiding Magistrate, Mr. T.O. Shomade, granted her bail in the sum of N700,000 with two sureties in like sum. Source