By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja – The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has warned secondary school principals in the territory against disobedience to set rules and dereliction of duties. Alhaji Yahaya Muhammad, Chairman, FCT Secondary Education Board gave the warning at an emergency meeting with public secondary schools principals in Abuja on Thursday. He said that the authority would not hesitate to sack officers who were in the habit of disobeying extant rules and regulations. The board chairman also expressed worries at the spate of dereliction of duties by principals and their failure to take steps towards improving the education standard in the territory. Muhammad said the meeting became necessary following the recent unscheduled visit of the FCT minister to schools in the area. According to him, the minister’s visit exposed the nonchalance and ineptitude being exuded by the principals. The chairman banned all form of trading and farming activities within and around school premises in the territory. “We are making it clear today, we will no longer accept a situation where our schools are kept untidy, principals must ensure that the sanitary conditions in our school are of acceptable standards. “Failure to comply with set rules and procedures will henceforth attract necessary punishment, our rules and regulations must be followed. “ We have the statutory responsibility to oversee all the senior secondary schools in FCT, and we will not accept anything short of the required standard,” he said. Responding, Mrs Fatima Muhammad, Principal, Government Girls Secondary School Dukpa, Abuja, commended the chairman for the meeting, and described it as timely. Muhammad, who is also the Vice President, All Nigeria Confederation of Principals of Secondary Schools urged the board to forgive principals who may have fallen guilty of dereliction of duties. “We are very sorry, it touches us deeply that the board will call upon us today on this issue, we promise to turn a new leaf,” she said. (NAN)