By Adekunle Williams  Ikeja – A Lagos lawmaker, Mr Setonji David, on Wednesday said that his constituency in Badagry lacked adequate public schools to cater for the growing numbers of pupils in the area. David (APC), representing Badagry Constituency II in the House of Assembly, said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. David, the Chairman, House Committee on Home Affairs, said he discovered that most public schools in his constituency had between 150 and 200 students each in the classrooms. The lawmaker appealed to the state government to urgently do more for his constituency by constructing adequate public schools in Badagry. The lawmaker said the issue of education was important to him as it was key to the development of any nation. “My progress is directly proportional to the education of your people, which is why I give special premium to education in my constituency. “Unfortunately for me, we do not have enough schools in my constituency just as we don’t have enough schools in any part of Lagos State. But, I am concerned about Badagry Constituency II. “That was why I decided to embark on the construction of classrooms in some of the schools in the area. “I discovered that they have about 150 to 200 students each in many of the classrooms and work is at an advanced stage there. “I am doing this because of my gesture is symbolic to demonstrate my passion for the educational development of my area. “Although it is not enough because I am only doing what I feel I can do in my own little way. But I want the state government to do more for my constituency on education.” David said that some children trekked four to five kilometers before getting to their schools because they did not have schools in their vicinity. The lawmaker said they needed more schools in his constituency, while existing schools needed more classrooms. David said the state government should provide more schools and classrooms so that the children would not need to trek long distances to schools. According to him, there are locations in the area with about 400,000 pupils with no schools and children have to trek several kilometers and even cross the expressway to get to their schools.. David said he had good relationship with Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu and that the state assembly was giving the governor all the necessary support to ensure his success. (NAN)