By Femi Ogunshola Abuja – The Chairman of Bwari Area Council, FCT, Mr John Gabaya has lauded the establishment of Nextar Bakery in the council area, saying the factory is capable of engaging over 200 youths. Gabaya said this at the inauguration of the ultra modern Nextar Bakery, Arab Road, Kubwa, on Saturday in Abuja The chairman, who thanked the residents for voting for him at the last council election, promised to partner with spirited Nigerian willing to establish such industry in the council to engage the youths. According to him, many of you voted for me without knowing me and I can assure you that your vote will count, I will not disappoint you He said he was the surveyor, who carried out the survey of the land where Nextar was built, adding that it was cheering news when the CEO, Chief Bukola Adewunmi, called him to be the chairman of the grand opening. According to him, I have no choice than to come because the people living in this vicinity will be fully engaged and it will bring more development to the area. “I have heard about this bakery and I am grateful it is sited in my domain, this will no doubt empower the youths in my council area.” He, however, said that the CEO of Nextar should braced up for the challenges ahead, adding that Nextar bread would be established in the 36 states of the federation. He described the new ultra modern Nexter bread factory as one of the best in West Africa. Earlier, Mrs Bukola Adewumi, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nextar Bread, said the bread had been in existence since 2015 with carefully selected ingredients that met all global standard. He said that Nextar bread management had provided efficient service delivery to its customers, while commending the distributors for their show of support. She stated that the management of Nextar bread chose to build the new ultra-modern bakery to compliment the efforts of the Federal Government in providing jobs for the country’s teeming youths. According to her, the bakery with the production capacity of 60,000 loaves per day would engage additional 200 youths in the Federal Capital Territory ( FCT). “We strongly believe this will consequently increase the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) of the government. “With this ultra-modern bakery, we will not just increase our production capacity, but will continue to improve our daily outputs to satisfy our customers Mr Musa Ibrahim Chairman, Abuja Master Baker Association said it was an investment that would engage over 200 youths, adding that such kind of gesture was needed to cushion the effect of unemployment. He called on Nigerians with the wherewithal to invest in bakery business, stating that such would help to create job opportunities for the youths. (NAN)