By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos – The Performing Musicians Employers Association of Nigeria (PMAN) on Thursday described the late musician, Victor Olaiya, who died on Wednesday as one of Nigeria’s greatest men influence. The PMAN President, Mr Obi Casmire, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the death of the music legend was painful. NAN reports that Olaiya, a former President of Nigeria Union of Musicians, was born Dec. 31, 1930 in Calabar. He hailed from Ijesha-Isun, Ekiti. He died at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital following an ill-health at age 89. “We are indeed pained over the death of Dr Olaiya which occurred yesterday afternoon, it is a sad news that has left the PMAN family in mourning. “A generation of great Nigerian music legends have finally taken a bow. Dr Olaiya was in every way one of Nigeria’s greatest men whose influence on Nigerian music and musicians was immeasurable. Late Victor Olaiya, a trumpeter “His shoes are too large to be filled; never will another Dr Victor Olaiya be again. Rest on great trumpet maestro,” Casmire said. The PMAN boss, known as Voombastic Uncle P, also described the late Olaiya as a great high life superstar, singer and trumpeter who distinguished himself in the entertainment industry. “He was a good entertainer, and many people subscribed to his kind of music in parties and occasions. This is why many Nigerians are mourning him today,” he told NAN. NAN reports that Olaiya is survived by wives, children, grandchildren and great grandchildren. He had to his credit tracks such as Ompupa, Jemila, So fun mi, Tina, Meta, Baby Jowo, Pa Orinoco, Aigana, Odele Ore, Mo fe Muyan, Opataritius and Omolanke. In 1954, Olaiya formed his own band – the cool cat; he traveled to Congo to perform for UN troops. He also performed at the state house ball in Nigeria. His band was chosen to play at the state house ball when Queen Elizabeth 11 of United Kingdom visited Nigeria in 1956. He also played at the state ball when Nigeria became independent in 1960 and a republic in 1963. (NAN)