As logistics planning gets hotter, the Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria (ATCON), has announced the date and venue of the upcoming National Dialogue on Telecoms and ICT Sector in Nigeria. A statement issued by the Executive Secretary, Mr Ajibola Olude revealed that while the event holds on Thursday, March 26, 2020, programmes will start by 9am at NAF Conference Centre and Suites, Abuja. The President of the group, Engr Olusola Teniola also presented to the teeming members and the general public the Registration link: https://forms.gle/BSNqbTKcikjFb1qr8. The statement revealed further that the theme for the dialogue is ‘Harnessing the Digital Resources for the building of our National Economy. Additional planning details also indicated that Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, Honourable Minister, Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, is expected to deliver a Keynote Address on the under-listed topics which would be the focus of the panel discussions at the dialogue. According to ATCOn leadership, some of the key topics of discussion would include but not limited to as follows; Digital Economy in Nigeria: Challenges and Opportunities; Private Public Partnership and Development of Mechanism for the seamless Management of Inter-Ministries and Agencies: an imperative for Broadband Infrastructure Development in Nigeria; National Funding and Investment Strategy for Broadband Infrastructure and Digital Economy: The Importance of Education and Awareness. Also participants would be tutored on issues bordering on Regulation on Emerging Technologies (AI, IoT, Robotics, Blockchain, etc): Leveraging on Nigerian Young Population’s Innovation and Creativity for National Development. Giving further insights on the dialogue’s strategic objectives, Teniola noted that key aims would be to channel collaborative efforts toward Nigerian Digital Economy with the sole aim of accelerating our economy’s performance in relation to other leading African countries, to serve as a forum to discuss the recently launched documents on Digital Economy and take stakeholders input for implementation, to optimally Xray the factors that have worked for and against the telecom and ICT sector in Nigeria, and to discuss regulations and policies around AI, IoT and Blockchain. ATCON statement further added that the growth across all the sectors of Nigeria’s economy is expected to be exponential as a result of the resolve by the Federal Government of Nigeria under the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy to drive the entire economy through digital resources. This strategic dialogue plans to bring together the Presidency, National Assembly, relevant Federal Ministries, State Governors, ICT State Commissioners, Telecom and ICT Operating Companies, World Bank and other international relevant agencies.  ATCON expressed hope that “One of the overriding deliverables of this national dialogue on telecoms and ICT sector is that the adoption of digital resources by all aforementioned sectors would lead to development which would eventually make Nigeria to join the league of the top 20 global economies.” 