By Oluwakemi Oladipo Lagos – The Lagos State University-Africa Centre of Excellence for Innovative and Transformative Education (LASU-ACEITSE) says it will continue to engage in cheap and quality training of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) teachers. Mrs Morenikeji Olanrewaju-John, the LASU-ACEITSE Monitoring and Evaluation Officer, spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday after the inaugural meeting of ACEITSE sectoral advisory board in Lagos. Olanrewaju-John said that activities at the centre would have a telling effect on quality and performance of students and their employability rating, thereby covering the deep hole created by mass unemployment of graduates. “Lagos State will benefit from the arrays of well baked teachers and turn out to boost the quality of education in the state. “Within the enterprise of teachers’ education, Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM), has occupied a respectable niche. “This prominence is derive from the critical role that science and technology play in development,” she said. Olanrewaju-John said the key development challenge that the centre would address was to improve the quality of STEM education in West Africa through innovative and transformative teacher training and leadership. “LASU-ACEITSE was approved by the World Bank as a Centre of Excellence for deployment of the culture-techno-contextual, which has the high chance of producing innovative and transformative STEM masters teachers,” she said. The monitoring and evaluation officer said that the sectoral advisory board of the centre would review and recommend the implementation plan of the centre for approval by the World Bank. She said that it would also provide guidance and input to the education and research activities. According to her, it will offer advice on internship placement for students and staff of the centre and offer general support and funding for research and related activities of the centre. (NAN)