By Tosin Omoloyin  Enugu – Enugu State Government in collaboration with Faith Care International, a medical team from the United States on Monday commenced free medical all known ailment care in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent reports that hundreds of people trooped to the Enugu State University of Science and Technology Teaching Hospital, (ESUTH) Parklane, venue for treatments. A US-based Consultant surgeon, Dr. Monday Yilkudi, of the Faith Care International told NAN that there would be free fibroid, hernia surgery and general healthcare for patients in the state. Yilkudi said the free medical outreach had been in existence for over 20 years in Nigeria. “We are going to be doing this outreach from Monday to Friday this week at ESUT Teaching Hospital, Parklane. “We are doing this for the first time in this state but we have been to other south-east states, south-south, north-east, west and other parts of Nigeria. “The wife of the state governor, Mrs. Monica Ugwuanyi invited us to come and do the outreach for the people of the state,” he added. He said that the foundation usually get their supplies and drugs through donations from churches and other agencies from the US. Dr. Peter Schnatz, Chairman/CEO of the board, Faith Care International, who spoke to NAN, said they would attend to everything, free general, gynecology, surgery, dental, eye and other non communicable diseases. He added that Faith Care was a foundation that began in 1994 as an organization to serve the needy and to share God’s love around the world. “The mission of the foundation is to bring health, hope and healing both to and through health care community. “Each chapter of the foundation is involved in helping people grow in their personal faith in Jesus Christ and helping others know God’s love. “We are here at the hospital setting out an outreach to reach as many people as we are able to see with physical and spiritual healing,” he said. Some of the patients, who came for the free healthcare outreach expressed great joy for such development and thanked the state government for inviting the foundation. Mr. Uche Charles, a resident in Enugu, said he heard it from the radio and he came with his whole family to benefit from the outreach. “Ordinarily, we pay money to get a card for check up but through this outreach we were given the cards free. “Even though there have been testimony of such free health treatments before, this is my first experience. “We thank the foundation for bringing this outreach to Enugu but please they should also extend it to the rural areas,” he said. Mrs. Charity Ugwu, another resident, said this was also her first time of experiencing free healthcare services. “It is a very good development because sickness is a serious issue in the country and we thank the foundation for helping those that don’t have financial strength,” she said.