By Philip Yatai  Chikun (Kaduna State) – A Non Governmental Organization (NGO), the Kukah Centre (TKC), Abuja has donated 48 tablets and a laptop computer to the Mahuta Primary School in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The Education Secretary of the council, Dr Ibrahim Danmaraya, made the disclosure in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Kaduna. NAN reports that TKC, a Nigeria-based policy research institute was founded by Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah, Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Sokoto. Danmaraya said the gesture was to compliment the state government’s effort to improve the quality of teaching and learning at basic level. He added that the gesture was also in line with the current administration’s effort to encourage e-learning and teaching process through the application of Information and Communication Technology (ICT). The secretary said that pupils and teachers of the school would soon be train on proper application of IT facilities to improve the learning outcomes. He thanked TKC for the support, saying that: “It will go a long way to support the state government’s drive to deliver quality and functional education to children in the state.” According to him, such partnership with relevant stakeholders to move the education sector forward was yielding results sequel to continued support from various NGOs. “Just recently, the Nigerian Breweries Plc. handed over a renovated block of five classrooms and six toilets at the Primary School Nasarawa II, Kaduna, to improve learning environment. “Similarly, Women Initiative for Sustainable Development has equally donated hand washing facilities at Primary School Tsaunin Kura in Sabo GRA Kaduna to improve sanitation and hygiene in the school. “Other NGOs that have been supporting us to deliver our mandate include Oando Foundation, Hope for the Village Child and Emerald-Isle Foundation,” he said. Danmaray commended the Chairperson of the Council, Hajiya Hadiza Yahuza, over the support to education development in the area. He revealed that the council had recently procured and distributed about 1, 000 furniture and instructional materials to primary schools in the area. “This and many other supports from our partners have significantly improved leaning outcome in our schools. “For example, one of our school recently came second at the National Inter Primary School Quiz Competition on Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH). “This is a clear indication that Gov. Nasir El-Rufa’i investments in the education sector and the support from relevant stakeholders are yielding results,” he added. (NAN)