The police in Abuja have arrested two persons believed to be involved in the murder of Aso Rock offiicial, Laetitia Naankang Dagan. According to PM News, the police were able to make the arrests after her assassins forgot one of their phones in her apartment, after raping her and gruesomely murdering her. “They left with Laetitia’s phones and left one of their own”, said an Aso Rock source, in the know of police investigation. The Police had used the abandoned phone to trace the suspects. The 47-year-old from Plateau State, was living as a spinster in an apartment in Lokogoma in Abuja. According to P.M.News sources, she had reported some bad guys dealing in drugs near her home to the police, leading to a police raid of the joint. It was believed that a blackleg in the police may have told the drug boys that Laetitia snitched on them. Our source dismissed speculations that her death was connected with the leak of a December 9 memo sent to Abba Kyari, the chief of staff to President Muhammadu Buhari by the National Security Adviser, Major General Babagana Monguno. “She was working in the Pension Department outside the Villa. There was no way, she would have come in contact with a memo from Monguno to Abba Kyari”, the source said. Laetitia closed for work at the Villa at 8pm on Monday. But three hours after, she had been gruesomely murdered in her apartment. The Permanent Secretary, State House, Abuja, Alhaji Jalal Arabi, described the killing as “a painful loss, not only to her immediate family, but also the entire State House”. “She was a dedicated, hard-working officer, and we all feel pained by her dastardly and untimely death,” Arabi told her family members during a condolence visit. ”We all share in your grief and pains, but be consoled by the fact that she lived a good life and contributed her best to the services of her nation.” Arabi expressed confidence that “the Police will fish out the killers of Laetitia and the law will take its course”. The permanent secretary prayed God Almighty to comfort Dagan’s family, the entire Staff of State House, and grant the soul of the departed officer eternal rest. Source