By Seun Opejobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Senior Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Pastor Paul Enenche has said that there is an ongoing war in Nigeria. Enenche said the war is aimed at wiping out Christianity and Islamize the nation, but such would not happen. He spoke while lamenting over the level of insecurity in the Northern part of the country which has led to the death of Lawal Andimi, Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria in Michika Local Government Area of Adamawa State. and some university students. Recall that Boko Haram had abducted Andimi and later beheaded Reacting to Andimi’s execution CAN had accused the Buhari-led federal government of colluding with Boko Haram to kill Christians. However, Enenche while addressing his members at the church headquarters in Abuja said: “There is war in the land and its war of attrition which is a prolonged conflict that has the aim of gradually reducing the strength of those you are fighting. To reduce strength, effectiveness and weary them into submission. “There is war in our nation, whether anybody would agree or not its a matter of either deception or wickedness but there is war. Its a war between good and evil, light and darkness, those who love life and death, love and hate, Christ and the anti-Christ. The antichrist is not permitted to work when Christians are here. “There are those burying their heads and pretending as if nothing is happening and unfortunately there are Christians who for the purpose of salary are defending killers, for the purpose of what to eat today, for the purpose of relevance that would soon pass.” Enenche recalled how Boko Haram insurgents had allegedly abducted and killed Andimi, a bride preparing for her wedding and a student of the University of Maiduguri. He said: “it’s no longer news that between Christmas and today that some people have been killed in the Northeast. I heard of a lady about to get married who was abducted and eliminated. What is happening in this country is under-reported but every day for the thief and one day for the owner. “The Chairman of the Christain Association of Nigeria in Michika, Adamawa State was abducted and decapitated this year. A young 200 level student of the University of Maiduguri was abducted and killed and his offence was that his going to school. Two other students in Mongu, Plateau State were executed. on video and somebody is saying nothing.” The clergyman also warned those in the Southern part of the country that they are not safe, adding that the authorities have failed to ensure the security of Nigerians. Enenche, who was visibly angry declared that Nigeria would not be Islamized under the current crop of gospel Ministers who have continued to pray for the nation. He assured Christians that the days of terrorism and those sponsoring it in Nigeria would soon be over. “I want to tell people in the Southsouth, Southeast, Southwest that you are not safe, don’t think that because you are down there don’t let anyone deceive you. Church service can only happen when we are in a country that is safe and if you are looking to the authorities you are wasting your time. “We have a God in heaven who will arise because we are dealing with a devil that is a permanent loser, it’s not on our watch that this nation will be Islamized that Christianity will be wiped out. “The days of terrorism and those who support them are over forever. Nobody has a monopoly of wickedness, violence. We shall not be cowards in our nation and shall not sit and watch until we are finished like chicken. “In some parts of the country, they formed a local vigilante and you say they can’t. You are not protecting people and you won’t let them protect themselves. Whichever way something is about to happen whichever way it goes. The time has come when village dame guns will finish their GPMGs “Mysterious disaster shall befall them, you know they have been told that the number of people they kill will send them to hell which is their heaven,” he said