By Aisha Gambo Kaduna – The National Orientation Agency (NOA) on Tuesday, began sensitisation training for secondary school students in Kaduna State to forestall internet fraud. Zubair Galadima-Soba, the state Director, NOA said in Kaduna that the training was organised to mark the world Internet Safety Day. He said the agency, in collaboration with Google, is using the opportunity to ensure that youths know the best practices and safer ways of using the internet. “You will agree with me that there are a lot of crimes and criminality practice on the internet, apart from identity theft, financial crime, pornography, bullying and so many other crimes. “We are trying to reorient our students particularly those in secondary schools who are using the internet, for them to be well guided in terms of safety and discipline. “We are also working to ensure that our youths are not influenced by internet users who are into crimes and criminality,’’ Galadima-Soba said. The NOA director said the agency chose the Federal Government College, Malali, because it was a unity school with students come from different parts of the country, so that the message would reach the wider society. He said that the participants would serve as ambassadors of safety use of the internet, adding that safety clubs would be formed through them. On her part, NOA community orientation and mobilisation officer, Sa’adatu Aliyu said that it was important for youths to know how to be safe from cyber bullying and cyber pedophilia. She advised them to keep their personal information private and not share sensitive information on social media platform. “Be careful with what you download, and secure your email and other social account with strong password to avoid hackers and phishers. “When sharing information, make sure it’s educative, legal, helpful, true and necessary; avoid giving out your private information to strangers online,’’ Aliyu said Earlier, the school Principal, Alhaji Isah Yusuf, expressed gratitude to NOA and Google, saying the training was timely and a great way of ensuring safety for students. He urged the participants to disseminate the lessons they learnt to other school mates and ensure they put into practice what they learnt. “We are overjoyed that you are here to celebrate safer internet Day, 2020 with us; to be a host to such a program like this is an honor of which any institution would be proud of”, he said. (NAN)