By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja – The Comptroller General, Nigeria Immigration Service, (NIS) Mr Muhammad Babandede, has directed all heads of formations with entry and exit points to heighten sensitisation of their operatives as first contact with migrants coming into the country. A statement signed by the Service Public Relations Officer, Mr Sunday James in Abuja on Thursday, disclosed that Babandede said the adoption of best medical preventive practice would guard against any infection in their daily duties at the Airport, Seaport and Land borders. He said that the sensitisation would prepare the operatives at commands with entry and exit points with first aid and para-medics skills to guard against and reduce the number of casualties. “In case of medical emergency in the light of the most discussed Coronavirus and other related issues, Immigration is taking into cognizance travel history to countries taunted as most vulnerable and identified by World Health Organization (WHO). “This would help to provide support services to the port health officials in the curbing of infiltration and monitoring of human mobility across the borders,” he said. The Controller, NIS, Ogun Command, Ms Doris Braimah, in carrying out the campaign directive in Idiroko Border Control post, advised the officers and men against careless management of any case related to cough, fever or breathing difficulties which could be symptoms of a more serious ailment. She encouraged officers and men to be more preventive and insulated to every contact with migrants who crisscrossed the border and their luggage by using hand sanitizers and covering their nose with face-mask without discrimination. She added that they should liaise with health officials at the border to prevent any suspected ailment from escaping into the country. “Idi Iroko is one of the mega border control post bordering Benin Republic with high traffic of migrants and a major gateway into Nigeria by land,” he said. News Agency of Nigeria reports that the campaign took off in Ogun command and the controller shared with the officers of NIS and other sister agencies the hand sanitizers and face-mask to be used by officers. (NAN)