By Chibuike Nwabuko (Sundiata Post) – The Executive Vice Chairman, (EVC) Nigerian Communication Commission, (NCC) Prof Umar Danbatta on Thursday said Commission has put measures in place to guarantee the privacy and security of information of our communication networks. The EVC who gave assurance informed that the commission is committed to ensuring that the cybe-space is reduced of crime, disclosed this in his welcome address at the Annual Cyber Security Conference with the theme: “Strengthening the security and resilience of the nation’s communications infrastructure” held in Abuja. Prof
Danbatta who noted that “war about cybercrime is the one that is continuous;
said as level of internet penetration is increasing, the level of cyber-crime increases.
But as regulator  we are saying, we are
doing everything possible,  regulatory-wise
too, including putting measures  in place
that are technical in nature, and here am talking about cyber security
incidence response team and network of computers that are arranged together, configured
in order to protect our networks from cyber criminals. “ On the regulatory end, he said, we will come out with additional regulatory instruments through the instrumentality of the law to provide additional protection. So these are two fronts approach to ensuring that the networks are safe for users. “We hope that at the end of this conference, we can be able to secure the security infrastructure to the extent that this protection will instill confidence in subscribers of telecommunication service in the country to continue subscribing to the services. With confidence that the data is secured and the safety of that data is also ensured. So two key issues – privacy and security of information that is plowing   over the two communications network is out target. “Already there are measures in place to ensure the privacy and security of information of our telecommunication networks but we want to fortify the networks thereby protecting the networks from cyber criminals who device various means to access the networks in a manner that is not lawful, he added. The EVC said that, “The internet provides the best area of prospect to individuals irrespective of age for social networking, businesses, research and development and so much more. “In the same vein, it could be exploited by cyber criminals to carry out crimes over the region. The growing volume of adoption of this technologies and the distributing nature of the internet, comes with sophistication of cyber-attacks along with cyber-criminals to attack people outside their geographical location making policing the internet very difficult. And increasing returns (monetarily) are one of the factors driving increasing growth of cyber criminality. Hence with technical links and appropriate legal and regulatory instruments must be put in place to enhance the security and integrity, ICT infrastructure and also safeguard cyber-space. “NCC is committed to making sure that the internet has less cyber-criminals through educating members of the public on the negative impact of cyber-crime and the need to live in peace by putting deliberately, measures in place using the following initiatives; collaborating with relevant stakeholders to embark on nation-wide cyber security awareness campaign starting with the FCT and later extending it to 36 states of the federation. Targeting the youth and educating them on internet etiquette.