By Franca Ofili Abuja, Feb. 3, 2020 (NAN) A Non-Governmental Organisation, Westminster Foundation for Democracy says it will partner with the National Youth Service Corps to promote all inclusive citizenship participation in the country’s electoral process through voter education. Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, Director, Press and Public Relations of the scheme made this known in a statement in Abuja on Monday. The Country Representative of the group, Mr Adebowale Olorunmola stated this when the members paid a courtesy call to the Director-General of NYSC, Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim. Olorunmola said that there was the need for continuous voter education that would educate and support the marginalised Nigerians especially during elections. He commended the participation of NYSC in previous elections, which he said had added credibility to the country’s electoral process. “We want to partner with the NYSC because it has widespread representation at the grassroots,” he said. Olorunmola said that gender-based violence was on the increase among the female and that the foundation through its campaign has reached more than twenty million viewers across the globe. He said the foundation received entries from Osun and Imo States including the Federal Capital Territory out of which FCT emerged the winner of Westminster Foundation for Democracy Award against gender-based violence through Corps Member Gabriel Ajibola Damola, FC/19A/2892. While presenting the winner to the NYSC DG, he called for support to intensify the campaign against gender-based violence in the country. In his response, Ibrahim, who also condemned gender-based violence, said corps members are full of talents and there was the need for every stakeholder to harness their potentials for societal development. He commended the achievements of the Voter Education CDS Group for its effective sensitisation of the electorate. He promised that corps members would always be available for elections duties. Ibrahim urged corps members to leave positive lasting legacies in their place of primary assignments and host communities. “Put in your best because the world is watching you and there is reward for everything. I assure you that the sky would be your limit”, he said. Ibrahim also thanked President Muhammadu Buhari for approving the increment in the monthly allowance for NYSC members. (NAN)