By Veronica Dariya  Bwari (Abuja) – Bwari Area Council of the FCT, says it will target improved healthcare delivery services, environmental matters, agriculture and education as its topmost priories of the year. Mr John Gabaya, Chairman of the council, said this while reviewing the council’s 2019 Budget and highlighting its 2020 plans during a meeting with legislative members and other stakeholders on Thursday, in Abuja. According to Gabaya, the need to improve on healthcare follows the continuous outbreak of diseases which has threatened livelihood in the communities and Nigeria at large. “In order to sustain the level of achievements in our primary healthcare services over the years, the sector received the third largest chunk of our capital vote. “We do not want to slack a little in our commitment to deliver quality healthcare services, especially with new challenges in terms of outbreak of diseases such as the Lassa fever, cholera, wild polio virus and meningitis, which occur frequently. “In all, we have equally ranked other priorities as environmental matters, agriculture and education and social development. “All things being equal, we do not doubt that we have itemised out priorities right’’. Gabaya said that with the 47.72 per cent council’s 2020 budget dedicated to the capital sector, his administration’s goal of aligning the budget towards empowering the people was realisable. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the council had on Monday presented a budget of more than N6 billion before its Legislature. The budget, tagged “Budget of goals alignment’’, totalled the sum of N6, 038, 024, 123, where works and housing, was leading with N1, 259,485,750. It was followed by finance and accounts with N1, 346, 686,759. It also had health and human services in third place with a total sum of N948, 305,718. The chairman noted that the highest capital vote in the budget was dedicated to works and infrastructure provision as the council aimed to rehabilitate a number of rural roads before the start of the rainy season. He added that the council would strive to generate reasonable revenue during the year to complement its statutory receipt in order to address identified infrastructure deficit and ensure improved service delivery to the people. (NAN)