Abuja – The Mandate Health Empowerment Initiative (MHEI), an NGO, has called for the reform of Mental Health Act to improve involuntary commitment system that would reform mental health legislation in the country. The Founder of MHEI, Mr Zion Ameh, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja that the National Assembly (NASS), the
Federal Ministry of Health (FMOH) and other relevant stakeholders should seize the opportunity to create positive change. He said “there is need for relevant stakeholders, including mental health professionals, international development partners, philanthropists,
politicians, families and the entire public to work together to bolster support for the reform.” He said it was important for stakeholders to encourage lawmakers to act. Ameh said that proponents of a new bill should seek concerted efforts from a broad range of affected groups and individual stakeholders
to create a unified front for the passage of the bill as the nation was long due for a new mental health act. According to him, assistance from the World Health Organisation and other entities would help to guide and strengthen the process,
but, change must come from all citizens. “The country has shown great ability in progressive treatment of mental
health in the past, but there must be more commitment on the part of citizens too. “It is time for leaders to consciously invest in mental health, step up and lead Nigeria and its mental health law into the modern age.’’ He stressed that the country needed a Mental Health Act, repealing the Lunacy Act of 1958 to provide adequate protection
by keeping with the WHO‘s recommendations in its Mental Health checklist. “It will also alleviate out of pocket payment for mental health treatment services, access to treatment centres and the integration of mental
health service into primary health care.” NAN reports that the public hearing on the Bill for an act to establish the National Commission for Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services before legislators will hold on Feb. 17. (NAN)