Every year since late singer, Goldie Harvey, died in 2013, her close friend, Denrele Edun, has been visiting her grave on Valentine’s Day, which is the anniversary of her death. While some have commended his commitment to his deceased friend, others insinuated that he was doing it for publicity sake. In a chat with Sunday Scoop, the media personality noted that the visits were his own way of keeping Goldie’s memory alive. He said, “I go there every year and I can authoritatively say that I have been the one going there for the past seven years. It is not about going there because I want to get attention or I want to be in the news. No, it is my own little way of protecting my friend’s legacy and making people remember her. I am not going to come up with a controversial agenda. It is my little way of letting people remember that there was once a Goldie, there still is a Goldie and there will forever be a Goldie. Anytime I do that, people remember her. Some stations play her music and it might just be for that day but somehow, she is remembered, appreciated and loved on Valentine’s Day. No matter my schedule, I make sure I visit her grave every Valentine’s Day. It is so weird because the guards at the grave usually expect me. That is the only way I can communicate with her.”  Denrele at Goldie’s grave Edun also stated that he had not being in touch with the late singer’s family. “I have not been in touch with them since she passed on. I have no idea if anyone has been there. We all mourn people differently. When she initially passed on, we were in constant touch but time passed and everyone has gone their separate ways,” he said. The former television presenter also maintained that he would continue visiting Goldie’s grave until he got a revelation to do otherwise. Denrele, who recently shared his experience with the husband of a friend who said he didn’t like him, insisted that things like that did not get to him. He added, “It is different when people tell you they don’t like you upfront, so you already know what you are dealing with. I can take open confrontation but when it comes from the action (of the person), I am a very strong-minded individual. As humans, we try to decipher what warranted such behaviour from someone who doesn’t know one’s story and it is not reciprocal because one doesn’t hate that person. I feel everyone is entitled to their views. You know my name not my story. You don’t know what I have been through. I like good energy. I am a positive-minded person and I don’t want to cross paths with these people. Honestly, I am not bothered.”