By Moses Omorogieva Lagos – The Redeemed Evangelical Mission (TREM) said it had trained over 200 graduates under its Employability Programme in the past four years. TREM Resident Bishop, Peace Okonkwo, said on Saturday at the 4th graduation ceremony of the programme that the programme had stopped many graduates from going into crimes due to unemployment. “The TREM Employability Programme (TEP) is an initiative of the TREM career academy and was borne out of the major concern to address the employment challenge among our young graduates at TREM. “The training is to assist our members and others interested, including Muslims, gain necessary skills and competencies required to enter and succeed in the world of work. “In just four years since its inception, about 200 candidates have enrolled in the training programme, where they have received qualitative and quantitative classroom trainings, provided by HR facilitators and tutors of great repute. “All these trainings have consequently prepared and positioned the students to be the preferred candidates in the highly competitive job and employment market,” she said. Also, Mrs Olufunke Amobi, Chairperson, TREM career academy, said that the training was the way to go now that unemployment had become big challenge to Nigeria. “This is why Bishop Mike Okonkwo created the training in TREM to assist members and others in this regard. Every stakeholder must contribute their quotas to address unemployment problem in Nigeria,” she said. A human resources expert, Mrs Lola Esan, said that Nigerian graduates were employable, stressing that the challenge was the relevance of their courses of study to the job they applied for. She also said that some of the courses being studied in schools were no longer relevant to some jobs available today. Esan commended TREM for the training, adding that more of such programmes was needed to assist many Nigerians to be employed in the right place. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that 35 persons who graduated from the programme in 2019 were presented certificates by Bishop MikeOkonkwo at the occasion. (NAN)