By Raji Rasak Seme (Lagos State) – The Seme Command of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) says it has intercepted 563,400ml of Amphetamine Syrup concealed inside two commercial buses that belonged to a popular transport company (namewitheld) in the country. The Acting Customs Area Controller, Deputy Comptroller Chedi Wada, made this known on Monday while briefing newsmen on the seizure made by the customs within his 45 days in office. According to Wada, the two buses were coming from Ghana when they were stopped at the Baggage inward hall for random checking. “We found the drugs inside the buses with no National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) number. “Apart from this, such quantity of drugs should have import paper. “The Federal Government has banned import and export within and outside the land border. “The first bus concealed 21 cartons of these drugs, while the second bus concealed 21 cartons, all with Duty Pay Value of N2,976,675,” he said. Wada said that drivers of the two buses had been arrested and handed over to the security agents for prosecution. “They felt they are smart; smugglers can go to any length, but unfortunately for them, the Federal Government is ever ready for them. That is why we are here for them. “Officers and men of the Seme Command are not unaware of these desperate groups of unpatriotic citizens. “Therefore, they have resolved never to loose their guards in watching them day and night,” he said. According to an online publication, Drugs.com, Amphetamine is “a central nervous system stimulant that affects chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control. “Amphetamine is used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). “The Evekeo brand of amphetamine is used to treat ADHD and also narcolepsy. Evekeo is sometimes used to treat obesity in people who have not lost weight with diets or other treatments. “Amphetamine is not approved for use in children less than six years of age, with the exception of Evekeo (approved for children age three and older). (NAN)