Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have attacked Angwan Alkali, Mararaban Rido area, a suburb of Kaduna metropolis in Chikun Local government area, killing two persons. The hoodlums, who were reported to have invaded the community at about 1:00am on Thursday, also kidnapped a 13-year old girl. The Nation gathered the gunmen on arrival at the community had headed for the resident of a prison warder. An eye witness revealed while the suspected kidnappers were breaking the door to the warder’s house, a neigbour raised alarm but no one could dare the bandits who operated freely. The hoodlums were said to have broken into the prison officer’s home and killed him before proceeding to the residence of the neighbour who was raising alarm. They were said to have broke into his neighbour’s house, killing him before abducting his 13 year old daughter. However, one of the bandits was said to have been killed as they were leaving the community. A community leader in Mararaban Rido who pleaded anonymity, said the gunmen were many in number and were armed to the tooth. According to him: “The gunmen who I believe were kidnappers, came at about 1:00am (on Thursday) and they went to the residence of a prison warder, I think they wanted to kidnap him. “As they were breaking his house to gain entrance, his neigbour raised the alarm. “His neighbour was shouting thieves, thieves, but no one could respond because the bandits were many and they were carrying guns. “There is no how anyone could dare them because, the people don’t have any weapon to confront them. “After killing the prison warder, they broke into the house of his neighbour who raised the alarm and killed him before abducting his 13 year old daughter. “But one of the criminals was killed as they were escaping from the community. The police came to pick his corpse this morning.” Calls put across to the Kaduna State Police Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Muhammad Jalige for confirmation of the incident, were not responded to. The Nation