New York –   The Milwaukee Bucks and Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association closed their practice facilities due to positive COVID-19 tests, the teams said on Monday night, as the league prepared to resume its season. Teams across the league are expected to travel to Orlando, Florida, this week to restart the season, which was abruptly suspended in March due to the COVID-19 outbreak, with players living and playing at Walt Disney World. A spokesman for the Bucks confirmed the team had closed its practice facility after receiving test results from Friday but declined to comment further. The team’s first scrimmage in Florida is scheduled for July 23 against the San Antonio Spurs. A member of the Kings’ traveling party to Orlando also tested positive, prompting the closure of the team’s practice center. A spokesman said the team still plans to travel to Orlando this week. Its first scrimmage is July 22. The Denver Nuggets and the Brooklyn Nets also closed their practice centres after players tested positive last month. The Orlando restart officially begins on July 30. The NBA said last week a total of 25 players and 10 staff members had tested positive for COVID-19 since June 23, when testing began. (Reuters/NAN) Orlando Pirates midfielder Ben Motshwari has tested positive for the coronavirus according to a statement on the club’s official website. The 29-year-old player becomes the first Premier Soccer League (PSL) player to test positive for the virus. Bucs released a statement which detailed the measures taken to protect those who… May 7, 2020 In "Sports" London - The planned June 17 restart of the 2019/2020 English Premier League (EPL) received a further boost on Saturday when the latest batch of novel coronavirus tests produced no positive results. The tests were carried out on Thursday and Friday. “The Premier League can today (Saturday) confirm that on… May 31, 2020 In "Sports" London - The Premier League in England said on Tuesday that six people from three different clubs had tested positive for COVID-19 out of a sample of 748 individuals. The novel coronavirus tests were taken on Sunday and Monday ahead of the return to small group training. “Players or club… May 19, 2020 In "Sports"