The Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro, Ogun State, has restored the studentship status of the suspended Students Union Government President, Com. Olatunji Adegboye. According to The Nation Adegboye, a Higher National Diploma Banking and Finance Student was suspended by the Polytechnic after he was arrested by the Ogun State Police Command in February this year in connection with cult related activity. But the Polytechnic on Thursday elected to lift the suspension slammed on him following intervention by Governor Dapo Abiodun through series of meetings coordinated by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mr. Tokunbo Talabi. A letter dated July 2, 2020 and signed the Polytechnic’s Registral, Osore, A.F (Mrs.) which was addressed to Adegboye, conveyed his reinstatement. However, the institution also required to obtain letter of certification from guarantors – that is the Ogun State government and the Department of State Services (Ogun State), attesting that he would maintain law and order for the period of his studentship in the institution and community. The letter reads: “Based on the intervention of the Ogun State government on the matter through: a meeting coordinated by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG) and having in attendance, the Advisers to the Governor on Security, Labour, Students Matters, representative of the Department of State Services (DSS) in the State, National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), Executives(Ogun State), Rector, The Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro (FPI) and Deputy Registrar (Rectory), FPI; and “A follow up letter dated 30th June, 2020 and signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Mr. Tokunbo Talabi wherein it was directed that the status quo be maintained pending the outcome of the court case of cultism instituted against you. “Accordingly, the Academic Board at its meeting held on Thursday, July, 2, 2020, taking into consideration the intervention of Ogun State government resolved to restore your studentship with the following conditions: “A letter of certification from your guarantors, that is the Ogun State government and the Department of State Services (Ogun State) to maintain law and order for the period of your studentship in the institution and community; “The letter is expected to be followed to the Registrar through your Head of Department. “It is hoped you will expedite action on the conditions above, so that you can be reintegrated into the system to benefit from the online curriculum delivery in respect of the second semester 2019/2020 academic session. Thank you.” The Police have arrested the President of Students Union Government(SUG) of Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro, Ogun State, Adegboye Olatunji in connection with membership of the dreaded Back Axe Confraternity. Also arrested along with the SUG President is one Olarewaju Taiwo for alleged membership of Black Axe. The two were arrested on… February 10, 2020 In "News" The SUG president of Ilaro Polytechnic was apprehended in his full regalia by the armed security men of the school yesterday evening. Adeboye Emmanuel Olatunji who was elected December 2019 was reported to be a member of the Black Axe confraternity. He explained why he joined the cult group. The… February 11, 2020 In "Metro" Ilaro (Ogun) - No fewer than 120 building artisans, trained by an NGO, Shelter Watch Initiative (SWI), on Friday graduated at the Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro, Ogun. The training was done in collaboration with the School of Environmental Studies of the polytechnic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that SWI… May 22, 2015 In "News"