The second installment of this article ended with the question of how President Donald Trump reacted to the continued spike in the number of coronavirus infections and deaths during the months of May and June, 2020. It is obvious that his denial and blame-game tactics failed to help him gain political mileage. In fact, discerning minds knew that he was more interested in scoring cheap political goals than in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic. The months of May and June 2020, were tough ones for President Trump as he continued floundering in his failed management of the COVID-19 pandemic. To his utmost embarrassment, the US had recorded 75,000 COVID-19 deaths as of 7 May 2020. Given this embarrassing situation, he began to attack anything considered to be a stumbling block to his re-election bid. For instance, he entered the month of May replacing “a top official at the Department of Health and Human Services who angered him with a report…highlighting supply shortages and testing delays at hospitals during the coronavirus pandemic”. The top official was Christi A. Grimm, the principal deputy inspector-general who exposed hospital equipment shortages (See Peter Baker, The New York Times, May 1, 2020, via: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/01/us/politics/trump-health-department-watchdog.html?…).  It will be recalled that President Trump had earlier on also fired Glenn A. Fine, the acting inspector-general for the Defence Department, a ‘pandemic spending Watchdog known for independence’ (Charlie Savage and Peter Baker, The New York Times, April 7, 2020 via: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/07/us/politics/trump-coronavirus-watchdog-glenn-fine.html?…). But any reasonable person would wonder why President Trump would oust Glenn Fine, who according to Savage and Baker was “the leader of a new watchdog panel charged with overseeing how his administration spends trillions of taxpayer dollars in coronavirus pandemic relief”. Recall that a $2.2 trillion Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act was no small amount of money to be spent without financial oversight which is part of the functions of inspectors-general. Indeed, as Savage and Baker put it, inspectors-general “are meant to be semi-autonomous watchdogs ferreting out waste, fraud and corruption in executive agencies”. Yet, during this coronavirus pandemic, Trump has removed four inspectors-general. The only reason therefore why President Trump was attacking these officials is to weaken their authority thereby enabling him to advance his political ambition unhindered – an ambition he has put over and above public health interest, integrity, transparency and efficiency. This poses great danger to the rest of the world who are watching the US with 4% of the world’s population is contributing disproportionately 25.3% each to global infections and fatalities. Yet during the month of May, Trump continued to use lies, diversionary tactics, and raising of false hope as political survival strategies. Following Vox Media (8 June 2020) chronology, Trump claimed that the US “is the world leader in responding to the coronavirus”. Secondly, “Trump attributed his decision to limit travel from China as the major factor in avoiding a death toll numbering in the millions”. Thirdly, “although many states have yet to meet the minimum requirements for reopening based on the White House’s guidelines, Trump continues to push for the reopening of non-essential businesses, using the slogan ‘TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!’”. This as we know was a deceptive slogan to divert the attention of the people away from his failure in tackling the ravaging virus. Fourthly, in a diversionary manner, he went after the Obama administration for the handling of the 2009 swine flu pandemic which of course had no bearing to the issue facing the US presently. Fifthly, he falsely claimed again “that the US has met the moment and we have prevailed in responding to the coronavirus”. Sixthly, he claimed falsely once again that he was “so early. I was earlier than anybody thought” in fighting the virus. Seventhly, Trump announced at a press conference that “he is labeling churches as ‘essential’ and called for governors to allow their reopening, as well as threatening – without authority – to ‘override’ any governors who fail to do so”. Meanwhile, he banned non-US travellers from Brazil from entering the US. Furthermore, Trump falsely claimed in a tweet that “if I hadn’t done my job well, & early, we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 Million People.” This was a time the death toll was 100,000. Trump in a clever way, was just trying to divert concerns away from the rising number of deaths. Trump entered the month of June with a determined mind to damn the consequences of his failure in managing COVID-19 and by enmeshing himself unabashed into his political campaigns. Nothing worried him any longer than politics. This was after the shameful killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis on 25 May 2020. He used the hostile moment created by the Black Lives Matter protests to boldly come out fully to confront his political opponents. The planning of his scheduled political campaign rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma dominated discussion around him, but his opponents were worried about holding such a rally without observing the social distancing protocols. Many of his supporters attended the rally with and without face masks, although attendance was not to his expectations as he had boasted earlier. To worsen matters, he made the wearing of face mask a non-issue and even said that those who wear mask are “trying to hurt him politically” so reported Stephen Collinson and Caitlin Hu (CNN’s Meanwhile in America, 23 June 2020). And as they also reported, Trump had said that “masking up is intrinsically weak, liberal and un-American”. Following this was another rally in Arizona where his largely unmasked indoor crowd also did not observe the social distancing guidelines. It was reported that Trump’s campaign workers removed the social distancing stickers (Do-not-sit-stickers) that would have disallowed people to sit closely. Trump’s behaviour and statements at this rally were very disturbing. As Stephen Collinson and Caitlin Hu in another article observed, Trump resorted “to a familiar strategy – divisive cultural and racial rhetoric – in his quest for a second term…The left-wing mob is trying to demolish our heritage so they can replace it with a new, oppressive regimes that they alone can control” (See CNN’s Meanwhile in America, 25 June 2020). Along with his pro-media outlets, Trump’s most negative impact on the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic is that he has seriously downplayed the dangers of the virus, thereby keeping millions of Americans misinformed and making many more to become victims of the virus. The right-wing media such as Fox is keeping millions away from knowing the dangers of the virus. Secondly, Trump’s speeches downplay the dangers of the virus and devote more time to other issues (See Brian Stelter, Reliable Sources, CNN 28 June 2020). His re-election bid is everything. Except for the diehard supporters of President Trump, there is consensus that Trump has failed in his fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in the US. His former security adviser, John Bolton, said as much when he appeared on CNN’s The Situation Room anchored by Wolf Blitzer on 24 June 2020. Bolton accused Trump of showing no strong leadership in fighting the virus. Secondly, he turned a blind eye to COVID-19 pandemic at the initial period. Thirdly, he politicised every move he made on the fight against the COVID-19, as political calculations went into every decision and policy made on the virus. And lastly, he was erratic in the way he was reacting to the pandemic, as he had no comprehensive strategy to fight it. For us in this column, the issue of fighting the coronavirus occupies a lesser position in the priority list of Trump’s actions. And given the fact that Americans travel a lot all over the world, the likelihood of further igniting the spread of the virus to areas it had been contained, is very high. Here comes the danger posed by Trump’s manner of fighting the virus to the rest of the world. This is the wisdom behind the exclusion of US travellers from entering the European Union territory from this July 2020. •Prof. Isaac N. Obasi, a public policy expert (& former columnist in the Daily Trust, Abuja, March 2003 to October 2006, & Daily Champion, Lagos, April 2005 to December 2008), is of the Department of Public Administration, University of Abuja. Email: nnamdizik@gmail.com •US President Donald Trump Just like in Nigeria, where this column described the month of March 2020 as one of missed opportunities in the early fight against Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, February 2020 has  been described as ‘a lost month’ in the early fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in the United… June 29, 2020 In "Opinion" •President Donald Trump of the United States Although the United States of America’s (US) population of 330,970,517 constitutes 4.2% of the world’s population of 7.8 billion, it contributes disproportionately 25.3% (i.e. 2,381,361) of total number of coronavirus (COVID-19) infections (i.e. 9.4m), and also 25.3% (i.e. 121,979) of deaths globally (i.e.… June 26, 2020 In "Opinion" •Prof Isaac N. Obasi For politicians, particularly those in the reins of government, this era of COVID-19 pandemic is a very trying one. It is a time that a politician would wish that his opponents (and not himself and your party) are in power. Conversely, this is the time politicians… April 27, 2020 In "Opinion"