By Oluwafunke Ishola  Lagos  – Science-based technology company 3M has partnered United Way (UW) Worldwide on relief projects that would help the most vulnerable people impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in 12 countries, including Nigeria. Dr Lanre Towry-Coker, Chairman, Board Of Trustees, United Way Greater Nigeria, made the disclosure in a statement on Wednesday in Lagos. Towry-Coker noted that Nigeria was one of the twelve countries across Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) receiving a share of $160,009 of the total $1,875,000 grant from 3M. He noted that United Way Greater Nigeria (UWGN), the local UW organisation, would work with 3M Nigeria, to implement a $160,009 Covid-19 relief programme that would support 10,000 beneficiaries in the five administrative divisions of Lagos State. According to him, the fund will be directed to projects supporting nutrition, mental and physical health, education and COVID-19 awareness, based on the most pressing local needs and country status of the pandemic. “Although, the lockdown has been eased in major parts of the country. “We at United Way Greater Nigeria understand that there is an ongoing need for basic essentials in vulnerable households and the team is working tirelessly to reach these households in these trying times. “The financial support of organisations such as 3M helps us to achieve our goals to alleviate the burden brought about by the novel Coronavirus,” he said. According to him, the support includes food distribution and packaging in collaboration with local partners, government, NGO’s and religious organisations. The statement quoted Robert Nichols, Managing Director, 3M Middle East Africa, as saying; “It’s important that 3M holds true to its core values during this pandemic by supporting our communities and improving lives. “The projects with United Way form part of a $20 million commitment made by 3M at a corporate level to support COVID-19 relief projects globally. “We’re grateful that some of this funding is helping vulnerable communities in Nigeria to receive support during these exceptional times.” Similarly, Janet Butler, Vice President, United Way Africa Region, was quoted as saying that United Way Worldwide had been helping communities in need for more than 130 years. Butler, however, said that the scale of the COVID-19 crisis and its far-reaching impact on people’s health, social mobility, income and job security, which are factors that are essential to wellbeing had posed new challenges. “We’re pleased to see how 3M is stepping up in helping the people in the Nigerian communities who support the most vulnerable who have been impacted by the pandemic. “Together, we can make a real difference to people’s quality of life as we navigate through the coronavirus pandemic,” Butler said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that United Way Greater Nigeria (UWGN) is a non-profit organiaation that focuses on Health, Education and Financial Stability of individuals in Nigerian communities. UWGN is the local partner of United Way Worldwide, an organization working in over 40 countries and 1,800 communities worldwide. Also, 3M is a Science-based technology company which, applies science in collaborative ways to improve lives daily, with $32 billion in sales and 96,000 employees worldwide. (NAN) By Moji Eniola Lagos - The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has urged Federal Government to share the N37 billion earmarked for the renovation of National Assembly complex to states as part of COVID-19 relief.SERAP said this in a statement signed by its Deputy-Director, Mr Kolawole Oluwadare in Lagos… April 12, 2020 In "News" By Olanrewaju Akojede Lagos - The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Tuesday called on nations to form a united front in an effort to battle the ravaging COVID-19 Pandemic. The call was made at the COVID-19 Virtual Conference which was coordinated at the WHOs headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The World… April 28, 2020 In "News" Global response to the outbreak of the Coronavirus in Africa has been remarkable, especially following fears that should the virus take hold, its impact on the continent could be catastrophic.  Twenty of the 80 beneficiaries of the $50billion announced as emergency financing facility by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) are… June 25, 2020 In "Opinion"