The suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, along with his lawyer, Wahab Shittu, on Thursday presented a 34-page letter with 100 annexure to the Presidential panel investigating him. It was learnt that Magu appeared before the Justice Ayo Salami-led panel around 1pm and was still there as of 6pm. Magu is currently explaining to the panel how recovered assets were disposed of and how monies seized from looters were kept. A top source at the EFCC said, “Magu arrived at the Presidential Villa along with his lawyer and some aides. However, only Magu and his lawyer were allowed inside the main hall. They have been there for the last five hours. “Magu presented a 34-page letter which was spiral bound with 100 annexure including pictures. We are hopeful that he will be able to convince the panel that all the allegations levelled against him are trumped up.” It had been reported on Wednesday that Magu’s attempt to submit the report was rejected by the panel on Monday. According to PUNCH the letter wherein Magu stated that some of the recovered vehicles were auctioned to the Presidential Villa, the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, the Federal Inland Revenue Service and others. The suspended EFCC boss stated in the letter that the agencies had not paid the funds but the Federal Government had agreed to deduct the money from their financial allocations. Magu was first arrested on July 6, 2020 and detained for almost 10 days at the Force Criminal Investigation Department, Abuja. While in custody, he was suspended along with about 11 top officials of the commission. Amid several allegations, Magu is being accused of being unable to explain the whereabouts of interest accrued to N550bn recovered funds. He is also alleged to have bought a house in Dubai at the cost of about N570m. (Punch) •Ibrahim Magu ABUJA - The suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, on Monday appeared before the Justice Ayo Salami-led presidential panel for the second week running. Magu has been appearing before the panel sitting inside the old Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja,… July 14, 2020 In "News" •Ibrahim Magu ABUJA - A prior presidential panel, which investigated the suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, indicted him, a report published by the News Agency of Nigeria has alleged. The report, according to NAN, noted that the embattled EFCC boss had been unable… July 12, 2020 In "News" Nigeria’s Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, has petitioned the Inspector General of Police, Muhammed Adamu, over allegations linking him to funds allegedly stolen by anti-corruption chief, Ibrahim Magu. An online platform, PointBlank News, run by Jackson Ude, a former director of strategy and communications under President Goodluck Jonathan administration, on July… July 9, 2020 In "News"