By Nathan Nwakamma  Yenagoa  – The Bayelsa Non-Governmental Organisations Forum (BANGOF) says it supports the view of the Minister of State for Employment, Labour and Productivity, Mr Festus Keyamo (SAN) on the proposed 774,000 job creation. The coalition urged Keyamo not to allow members of the National Assembly to intervene in the planned 774, 000 jobs for unskilled citizens on the platform of Speci Public Works Programme. BANGOF, a coalition of over 40 civil society groups, in a statement issued by its Executive Secretary, Mr Keme Opia, commended the minister for standing up to protect the masses. He said that the altercation between Keyamo and the National Assembly Joint Committee on Employment, Labour over the 774,000 jobs raised concerns on method of recruitment. “Limiting opportunities to only those who have political connections, and those who pledge political allegiance, is unjust, unfair and will create grievances,” he said. (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - It was a show of shame on Tuesday as members of the National Assembly Joint Committee on Employment, Labour and Productivity engaged the Minister of State for Labour, Productivity and Employment, Mr. Festus Keyamo (SAN), in a 30-minute shouting match over the proposed employment of 774,000… July 1, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Mr. Festus Keyamo, has accused some political leaders of attempting to blackmail him into surrendering the innovative public works job creation programme meant to create 774,000 unskilled jobs. He, however, vowed that only President Muhammadu Buhari who appointed him can stop him… June 30, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator Ifeanyi Ubah has described the hot exchange of words between the Minister of state for Labour and Employment, Mr.Festus Keyamo with lawmakers at the National Assembly on Tuesday as display of rascality by the Junior minister. The senator who addressed the press… July 1, 2020 In "Top Stories"