Brussels –  Google has received a record fine from Belgium’s data protection authority (APD) of 600,000 Euro for not complying with European rules on a person’s “right to be forgotten” online. The 600,000 Euro penalty is the largest ever imposed by APD, it said on Tuesday, and more than 10 times bigger than the authority’s previous record penalty. Google failed to remove links from its search results to articles which APD said were “obsolete” and damaging to the reputation of a person with a public profile in Belgium. The news articles, which appeared in results linked to the person’s name, related to unfounded complaints of harassment. Google was “negligent” in deciding not to remove the links, given that the company had evidence that the facts were irrelevant and out of date, APD said. Google said it intends to appeal the decision in court, and had worked hard to “strike a sensible, principled balance between people’s rights of access to information and privacy.” “We didn’t believe this case met the European Court of Justice’s criteria for delisting published journalism from search — we thought it was in the public’s interest that this reporting remain searchable,” a Google spokesperson said. The EU’s top court enshrined the “right to be forgotten” principle in 2014 when it ruled that people could ask search engines like Google to remove inadequate or irrelevant information from web results appearing under searches for their names. APD also ordered Google to stop referencing the pages inside Europe, and provide clearer information on which entities are responsible for handling “right to be forgotten” requests. (Reuters/NAN) By Dave Lee The BBC is to publish a continually updated list of its articles removed from Google under the controversial "right to be forgotten" rule. The ruling allows people to ask Google to remove some types of information about them from its search index. But editorial policy head David… October 18, 2014 In "News" Brussels  -    EU antitrust regulators on Tuesday hit Alphabet (GOOGL.O) unit Google with a record 2.42-billion-euro ($2.7 billion) fine, Reuters reported. The commission took a tough line in the first of three investigations into the company’s dominance in searches and smartphones. It is the biggest fine the EU has… June 28, 2017 In "News" BRUSSELS - Google's handling of "right to be forgotten" requests from European citizens came under fire by regulators after the search engine company restricted the removal of Internet links to European sites only, a person familiar with the matter said. Regulators quizzed Google over its decision to remove search results… July 25, 2014 In "News"