ABUJA – The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has reacted to the abrupt U-turn made by the federal government on the resumption of schools across the country, and its earlier announcement of dates for the commencement of the 2020 May/June diet of the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). The regional examination body said it is within the legitimate power of governments of the five-member countries to make such decisions. In an interview with Premium Times on Thursday, the WAEC’s Head of Nigeria’s Office (HNO), Patrick Areghan, said the examination body was still reviewing the situation and that it would make its position known soon. Mr Areghan, who came into office in March 2020, was supposed to oversee the May/June 2020 examination, the first national examination under his watch until the coronavirus pandemic struck, forcing the indefinite postponement of the examination. The HNO said he could not speak on whether the examinations would continue in the other four countries or not until the “coast is clear.” He said; “We cannot make any categorical statement for now. We are operating in five-member countries and we cooperate with the government. We recognise the fact that the government has the right and power to take positions, and we cannot confront the government. We work hand in hand with the government.” He, however, pledged to update the public as soon as final decisions are taken. The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has postponed the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for school candidates, 2020 indefinitely. In a statement, WAEC Nigeria’s Head of National Office, Mr. Patrick Ehidiamen Areghan, said the examination scheduled to begin April 6, 2020 in member countries, was postponed as a… March 20, 2020 In "News" By Chinyere Nwachukwu Lagos - The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) is set to distribute 1050 branded student chairs and tables to selected schools across the country. The council’s Head, National Office, Mr Olu Adenipekun, made the disclosure at a news conference on Monday in Lagos. According to him, the… March 25, 2019 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - We have not cancelled the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for school candidates 2020 as claimed by some social media posts, the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has said. The Council is also not refunding N22’500 to candidates for cancelling the… April 26, 2020 In "Top Stories"