A woman, Nkechi Mercy Ikogwe alongside two companies, Elites Finance Investment Limited and Efinc Global Investment Limited, were on Monday arraigned before Justice E.A. Obile of the Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, over alleged N179 million fraud. EFCC arraigned them on a three-count charge bordering on conspiracy and obtaining money by false pretense contrary to Section 1(1) (a) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act No. 14, 2006 and punishable under Section 1 (3) of the same Act. The woman was said to have used the sum of N139,704,097 of the N179 million to play sport betting and also paid a tithe of N1 million to a church in Port Harcourt. One of the counts against the defendants read: “That you Nkechi Mercy Ikogwe, Elites Finance Investment Limited and Efinc Global Investment Limited sometime in 2019 in Port Harcourt, Rivers State within the jurisdiction of this honourable court with intent to defraud, obtained the sum of N179,326,386.62 by inducing unsuspecting members of the public to invest with your companies: “Elites Finance Investment Limited and Efinc Global Investment Limited, assuring them under a false pretence of making 15% interest on all investment made, a representation you knew to be false, and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 1(1) (a) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Fraud Related Offences Act No. 14, 2006 and punishable under Section 1 (3) of the same Act.” Justice Obile ordered that the 1st defendant, Ikogwe, be remanded in prosecution’s custody and adjourned the matter till October 19, 2020, for determination of the bail application. Mercy ran into trouble when the commission received a report about the defendant and two others, accusing them of inducing their victims into participating in a fraudulent investment scheme with a fake promise of 15 percent return on investment. The Nation The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, on Monday, arraigned the 41-year-old Managing Director of Bravem Services Limited, Ebioenang George, before the Federal High Court in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, for his alleged involvement in a N37m oil fraud. George was said to have obtained the sum from his victims on… March 10, 2020 In "News" By Xavier NDANYONGMONG  PORT HARCOURT - Justice J. K. Omotosho of the Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, has convicted and sentenced two brothers, Otojareri Governor Lucky (a.k.a Sam Lewis) and Otojareri President Mayor (a.k.a John Jacob Carison) to five years imprisonment for obtaining money under false… November 7, 2019 In "Metro" By Mujidat Oyewole Ilorin - A Kwara High Court sitting in Ilorin on Wednesday issued a warrant of arrest against a Lagos-based businessman, Isiaka Jimoh, following his absence in court to face an alleged N155 million fraud charge. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) had in September 2019 arraigned… January 15, 2020 In "News"