By Sani Idris Kaduna –   The Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NCDC), Kaduna command, on Thursday, moved into its new Headquarters donated by the Kaduna State Government. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the NSCDC also inaugurated a new building within the headquarters for the NSCDC Cooperative Society. The Zone B Commander of the NSCDC, ACG Pedro Awili, who inaugurated the new office, said the building would be utilised maximally for the benefit of the people. Awili noted that the corps and other sister security agencies were working in synergy to bring criminal activities in the state to its barest minimum. “We have been able to relax the issue of banditry and herders and farmers clash. “The CG of NSCDC has ordered us to ensure there is no crime anywhere in the state and we are appealing to the people of Kaduna to be peaceful, as the government mean well for its people,” he said. Awili also called on traditional leaders to ensure peace in their domain. The zonal commander urged citizens to strive to share useful information to the NSCDC and other sister security agencies, to enable them clamp down on perpetrators of crime. Awili commended the Kaduna state government for its support to the corps, and assured that the Command would work tirelessly in securing the edifice and maintaining relative peace in the state. Also speaking, the NSCDC Commandant in the state, Babangida Dutsinma, said the edifice would encourage and motivate members of the corps in discharging their duties. Dutsinma called for more inter-agency collaboration, and more support from the general public to make the state safer for all. NAN reports that the new Headquarters is located at No. 25, Kukuma Street, off Lafia road, Kaduna. (NAN) By Muftau Ogunyemi   Akure   -     The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Ondo State Command, says 1, 500 personnel have been deployed to all the Local Government Areas of the state to ensure protection of lives and property during and after the festive period. Mr Pedro Awili, NSCDC… December 20, 2018 In "Metro" By Muftau Ogunyemi   Akure   -     Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Ondo State Command, has arrested three students for alleged examination malpractice during the ongoing Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) in the state. Mr Pedro Awili, NSCDC state commandant, made this disclosure while speaking with the News Agency… March 14, 2018 In "Metro" By Muftau Ogunyemi   Akure       -        The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Ondo State Command, has vowed to sanction any illegal and unlicensed Private Guard Company operating in the state. The State Commandant of NSCDC, Mr Pedro Awili, gave the warning on… November 21, 2018 In "Metro"