New Delhi –  Indian Government has decided to extend the existing restrictions on limited domestic flight operations and caps on air fares till Nov. 24. Currently, domestic flight operations are allowed to function at 45 per cent of their total capacity. Media reports quoted a senior official at the Civil Aviation Ministry as saying “we will be extending our capacity of flight operations’’. Last month the ministry had cleared an increase in capacity of flight operations to 45 per cent from 33 per cent. On May 21, it capped domestic flights to a third of their approved summer schedule. The country’s aviation regulator’s Director-General of Civil Aviation had, in May imposed fare limits for different bands. Domestic flights of less than 40-minute duration are supposed to have lower and upper limits of 2000 Indian Rupees (around $28) and 6000 Indian Rupees (around $85). Flights of 150-180 minutes have 5500 Indian Rupees (around $78) and 15,700 Indian Rupees (around $224) as the lower and upper limits, respectively. According to the ministry’s directive, the airlines in the country should adhere to these upper and lower fares limits during the COVID-19 pandemic period. (Xinhua/NAN) •Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika ABUJA - The restriction on flights imposed by the Federal Government in the wake of the global Coronavirus pandemic to curtail its spread in the country is being observed in the breach investigation reveals. Despite the restriction, first imposed on March 21, some commercial… June 20, 2020 In "Features" Major airports in the country will begin operations in the next few days after weeks of inactivity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. The airports are the Murtala Mohammed Airport, Ikeja; Nnamdi Azikiwe Airport, Abuja; Aminu Kano Arport, Kano and the Port Harcourt Airport, Choba, Rivers State. The Federal Government… May 29, 2020 In "News" Ahead of the resumption of commercial flights in the country, there are indications that passengers and crew will undergo Covid-19 tests before every flight, The PUNCH reports. This is contained in the Nigeria Economic Sustainability Plan prepared by the Economic Sustainability Committee chaired by Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo. The plan made… June 27, 2020 In "News"