Seyitan Babatayo, the lady who accused musician, Oladapo Oyebanjo aka D’Banj, of r*pe has written a letter to the police withdrawing her petition. This happened just as the police said it has been unable to establish a case of rape against the musician. In a letter dated July 17, 2020 addressed to the Inspector-General of Police through her lawyer, Olamide Omileye, she said she was withdrawing from the case for personal reasons. The letter read in part, “We hereby officially notify you of our client’s intention to withdraw and discontinue her petition against Mr. Oladapo Daniel Oyebanjo aka D’Banj for personal reasons. Our client further humbly applies that the investigation and all other action that is currently being carried out by the police with respect to the statement.” In his response to the letter, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Admin), Umar Sanda, said investigation had discontinued due to lack of evidence. The letter posted on Twitter by blogger, Kemi Olunloyo, read in part, “In view of the foregoing facts, investigation was discontinued as no substantial evidence to prove the allegation of rape against the suspect.” Human rights group, Stand To End Rape Initiative popularly known as STER, said Seyitan decided to end the case without receiving any monetary compensation. STER, which was actively in support of Seyitan’s quest for justice, thanked everyone. The statement read in part, “On July 13, 2020, Ms. Babatayo informed STER that a private non-monetary agreement was reached with D’Banj’s team. We, therefore, present this statement as the full account of our stewardship on this matter.” Seyitan had accused D’Banj of raping her at Glee Hotel, Victoria Island, Lagos in December 2018, an allegation he has denied several times. D’Banj had sued Seyitan for N1.5bn over the allegation, adding that it had caused him untold embarrassment and psychological trauma. Source With the accuser and the accused maintaining their claim over the r*pe allegation involving popular Afro-pop singer, Dapo Oyebanjo popularly known as D’banj and a young woman, Seyitan Babatayo, the police detectives investigating the trending scandal have resolved to retrieve the CCTV video recording at the hotel where the incident… June 20, 2020 In "News" The Nigeria Police Force has grilled musician, Dapo Oyebanjo, aka D’Banj, over allegations of r*pe, The PUNCH reports. It was learnt that D’Banj was grilled by an Assistant Commissioner of Police, Adaku Anya, at the Force Criminal Investigation Department, Garki, Abuja. A statement was also taken from the Kokomaster, who… June 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" A report by Vanguard has shown that following a directive by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), the Force Criminal Investigations Department (FCID) has commenced investigations into the allegation by a lady, Seyitan Babatayo that musician, Oladapo Oyebanjo, aka D’Banj r*ped her. Consequently, both the musician and the accuser have… July 2, 2020 In "Metro"