The Federal Government on Wednesday says this year’s National Common Entrance Examination organised by the National Examination Council will hold on October 17. This was contained in a statement signed by the Director, Press and Public Relations, Federal Ministry of Education, Ben Goong. In the statement titled, ‘FG Rolls Out Schedule For National Examination’, the ministry added that the Basic Education Certificate Examinations for JSS 3 pupils also organised by NECO would commence August 24 and end September 7. The statement while noting that the Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, made the announcement today in Abuja, stated, “The National Common Entrance Examination (NCEE) which is a one-day examination for intending applicants into Unity Colleges (JSS1) will run in between the Senior Secondary School Examinations i.e. on Saturday, 17th October 2020. “The minister, therefore, directed all examination bodies to release details of their examination timetables in the next seven days.” The PUNCH had earlier reported that FG asked all graduating pupils in the country to resume August 4 while stating that this year’s West African Senior School Certificate Examinations would commence August 17. Schools in the country have been shut since March due to the coronavirus pandemic which has killed more than 800 patients so far. Punch The Federal Government has said the Senior Secondary School Certificate Examinations (SSCE) organised by the National Examination Council (NECO) for SS3 pupils will commence on October 5 and end on November 18, 2020. The government also said the National Business and Technical Examination Board (NABTEB) examinations will start on September… July 29, 2020 In "News" Abuja -  The Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, has announced the cancellation of the interview test for National Common Entrance Examination (NCCE) into Federal Government colleges. A statement issued by the Federal Ministry of Education on Monday in Abuja said that the cancellation of the test for NCCE would… July 19, 2016 In "News" Abuja (SundiataPost) -The minister, in a statement by the spokesperson of the Ministry of Education, Mrs. Priscillia Ihuoma, disclosed that only 28 candidates from Zamfara State registered for the 2018 National Common Entrance Examination. Adamu stated that a directive had been given to leave the portal open for registration until… March 6, 2019 In "Education"