By Adebayo Olawunmi Lagos –   Mr Sunday Dare, Minister of Youths and Sports Development, has urged Nigerian youths to seek knowledge and skills to help Nigeria get out of the current economic challenges posed by COVID-19 pandemic. Dare said in a statement in Lagos on Wednesday to mark the 2020 World Youths Skill Day, that there was no better time for young Nigerians to think differently and find new skills, reskill or upskill as the case may be. The minister also tasked youths to seek self improvement in order to remain relevant in the rapidly changing business environment and market conditions. “I congratulate all Nigerian Youths on the World Youth Day 2020. It is heartwarming to see all the efforts put in by young people in these most trying times. “I celebrate with you all, especially those who have taken it upon themselves to invest the free time forced on them by the global pandemic lockdown to explore new horizons and develop new skills. “The pandemic has seen our youths risen up to exhibit their ideas, skills and potential, churning out innovative technology, apps and products,” Dare said. According to him, COVID-19 has changed the world in many ways, and the best way to adapt is to engage your mind and body in the most creative and entrepreneurial way possible. “In the Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports Development, you have a worthy partner in your journey to find new skill, reskill or upskill yourself,” he said. Dare said that the partnership between his ministry and IBM, had produced over 11, 000 people who had gained new digital skills via online training programmes. “The Federal Government has green lighted the Economic Sustainability Plan, which is designed to inject about N2.3 trillion into critical sectors of the economy to keep the youths busy. “Most of the beneficiaries of the Central Bank N50 million COVID-19 fund for SMEs are youths. “Several MDAs have increased the number of youths being trained on digital skills, smart agriculture, diverse technical skills and alternative energy technology,” he said. The minister called on global political and business leaders to take the risk and invest in the youths. “We join the rest of the world today to bring attention to the urgent need to invest more in our youths. “Nigeria is on a new trajectory of deliberately investing in the enterprise, innovativeness, ideas and projects of her youths. “The stimulus plan recently approved by government targets the youths for training, employment, investment and mentorship which will lead to the creation of over a million jobs in the next year. “Indeed, the 1,000 jobs in each of the 774 local government areas under the Ministry of Labour and Productivity is aimed at creating jobs for the youths in the skilled and semi-skilled segment,” Dare said. He added that under his leadership, the ministry was currently tweaking its flagship programmes, DEEL and DY.NG, to provide skills for a resilient youth in the era of COVID-19 and beyond. “We are taking stock of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on skills development and exploring how young people can respond to the economic crisis. (NAN) By Franca Ofili Abuja - The Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, says 500,000 youths will be equipped with digital skills to enable them to acquire digital tools to become entrepreneurs. Dare said this in Abuja on Monday during the singing of a Memorandum of Understanding with… January 20, 2020 In "News" The outbreak in late 2019 of the novel #coronavirus (COVID-19), and now labelled a pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO), is redefining humanity. With over 4 million affected people and over 285,000 deaths, of these figures, the World Health Organisation (WHO) on 11 May 2020 stated that over 63,000… May 15, 2020 In "Opinion" •President Muhammadu Buhari President Muhammadu Buhari has extended the lockdown in Lagos, Abuja and some other states in the country by two weeks.The President made this announcement in a national broadcast this evening aired on NTA. He urged Nigerians to be very calm and endure the measures put in place… April 13, 2020 In "Top Stories"