The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, gave an update on the COVID Organics touted by Madagascar as cure for the coronavirus disease, according to a report by TheNation. Speaking at the Presidential Task Force Briefing on COVID-19 in Abuja yesterday, the minister said initial findings on the solution showed that the primary plant used in its production is grown in Nigeria. He, however, said further research on its efficacy would be conducted when research fund for the solution is approved. Ehanire, who also warned Nigerians not to embark on unnecessary interstate trips as the virus is still much active in the country, said, “Preliminary results or analysis of the so-called Madagascar herbs or organics done by the Nigerian Institute of Pharmaceutical Research and Development shows that it is the same plant called artemisia annua which is grown in farms in Abuja. “Further research on its efficacy will be conducted when the grant for the research is approved.” The Nation had earlier reported that the President Muhammadu Buhari, received the drink from his Guinea Bissau counterpart, Umaro Sissoco Embaló. “We have our institutions, systems, and processes in the country. Any such formulations should be sent to them for verification. I will not put it to use without the endorsement of our institutions,” Buhari had said. Source The Federal Government on Thursday said that findings from the analysis of Madagascar’s herb called ‘COVID Organics’ show the mixture contains largely anti-malaria constituents. It said that although the plant component of the herb grows in Nigeria and is of a higher efficacy for treating malaria, relevant government agencies will… July 2, 2020 In "News" The National Agency for Food Drugs and Administration Control (NAFDAC) has started working on coronavirus potential remedy drugs submitted by Nigerians, its Director-General (DG) Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye said yesterday, The Nation reports. The DG explained that the submissions were made after the agency called for expression of interest for the… May 20, 2020 In "Health" •Dr Osagie Ehanire, health minister ABUJA - Health Minister Osagie Ehanire has revealed plans by the Federal Government and the Federal Ministry of Health to get the Madagascar herbal cure to COVID-19. The Minister disclosed this on Monday while briefing journalists at the Presidential Task Force briefing on COVID-19. He… May 11, 2020 In "News"