Kampala  –  Uganda’s Police on Sunday arrested over 100 partygoers for flouting COVID-19 lockdown restriction measures, authorities said on Monday. The police and military officers arrested the offenders at the La Venti Lounge and Kitchen, about 12 km northeast of the capital Kampala, Patrick Onyango, Kampala Metropolitan Police spokesperson, told Xinhua on Monday. “Bars and clubs are not supposed to open and operate,’’ said Onyango. “However, the partygoers defied the restrictions and began enjoying themselves without practicing social distancing.’’ “This could be a breeding ground for the spread of the virus. “We had to come in order to prevent a further spread of the virus,’’ he said. He also said that the suspects currently detained at Najjera and Kiira police stations are waiting to be arraigned in courts over violation of presidential directives and Ministry of Health guidelines on COVID-19. “They will be charged with doing acts that are likely to cause the spread of infectious disease,’’ said Onyango. Bans on public gatherings and a night curfew are in place in the east African country as part of measures to curb the spread of the virus. So far, Uganda has reported 1,115 COVID-19 cases, with 975 recoveries and two deaths since the first case was reported on March 21, according to the health ministry. (Xinhua/NAN) The Federal Government has disclosed it is currently in talks with the Rivers State Government to release Caverton Helicopters pilots. The pilots were arrested by the police for flouting the State’s Government directive of flying into the Air Force Base in Port Harcourt despite the lockdown order following the spread… April 13, 2020 In "News" The Police Command in Kano on Tuesday confirmed it had arrested 30 youths allegedly involved in a football match in defiance to the lockdown order imposed on the state to contain the spread of the Coronavirus virus. Mr Abdullahi Haruna, the Commands’ spokesman, made the disclosure in an interview with… April 22, 2020 In "News" PARIS - French President Emmanuel Macron on Monday ordered stringent restrictions on people’s movement to slow the spread of the coronavirus, and said the army would be drafted in to help move the sick to hospitals. France had already shut down restaurants and bars, closed schools and put ski resorts… March 17, 2020 In "Foreign"