Nollywood actress, Judith Nneji, has said it’s wrong to flaunt one’s endowment as it can attract the wrong set of people. She made this known during a recent chat with Vanguard Potpourri, where she said the social media trend of flaunting one’s endowment on social media is wrong, as it can attract the wrong set of people like rapist. Judith Said: “Being sexy should be a thing between a man and his woman in private. It is wrong for a woman to flaunt her endowment because it can attract the wrong set of people like rapists.” Judith also gave her opinion on sex, marriage and relationship, stating that sex should be sacred and treated as such. She said; “Sex is meant to be sacred. Youths of our days should avoid premarital sex. Marriage is a legal relationship ordained by God and should be respected by both parties. Relationship, There should be a courtship before marriage so that both parties can understand each other better before marriage.” Source •Nollywood actresses Nollywood is undoubtedly the home of some of the most attractive female actresses. These damsels aren’t just good role interpreters, they are also beautiful and don’t hesitate to flaunt their sex appeal on social media. In no particular order, OLAJIDE SAMUEL takes a look at the sexiest Nollywood… December 29, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nollywood is undoubtedly the home of some of the most attractive female actresses. These damsels aren’t just good role interpreters, they are also beautiful and don’t hesitate to flaunt their sex appeal on social media. In no particular order, OLAJIDE SAMUEL takes a look at the sexiest Nollywood acts with… December 29, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, Georgina Onuoha, has taken a swipe at young ladies who have sexual relationships with married men. She said they should not expect a different outcome when they get married because karma will always catch up with them.  video uploaded on Youtube yesterday where Tonto Dike tearfully disclosed how… March 10, 2017 In "Entertainment"