Nigerian music star, Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun better known by his millions of fans across the globe as Wizkid is no doubt one of Nigeria’s biggest music exports. The multiple award-winning superstar has not only etched his name on the sands of time as one of the greatest music stars to come out of Africa but it is certain that he is not far from breaking boundaries yet. In celebration of his day, we have gathered 30 quick facts you should know about him. Born on July 16, 1990, the singer hails from Lagos State and is from a family of six. He is the last child and also the only son.He started singing at the age of eleven under the stage name Lil Prinz. He also formed a group at 11 called Glorious Five. The group later released a 7-track album that was released in the church.His first album was with the Glorious 5 and it sold 10,000 copies.He had his first ever recording with OJB Jezreel at 11.At the age of 15, he was song writing and receiving guidance from Naeto C.In 2006, he changed his name from the moniker Lil Prinz to Wizkid.Before raising to stardom Wizkid was lucky enough to have crossed paths with celebrated artists like 2Face, Idibia, Naeto C, Sound Sultan.He broke into the spotlight in 2009 when he featured on rapper, M.I Abaga’s song, “Fast Cars”.His break out single is “Holla At Your Boy” that was released in 2010.In 2011, the musician welcomed his first son, Boluwatife. He currently has three.He acquired his first car in 2011. A black Honda Accord i-VTEC.In the same 2011, he dropped out of Lead City University in his third year. He was studying “International Relations”.His first solo album was released in 2011 with E.M.E titled, ‘Superstar’. The album had 17 tracks.In April 2012, E.M.E signed a joint deal on Wizkid with Akon’s Konvict.He floats his own Record Label, Star Boy.The singer’s favourite colour is black.Wizkid’s first International Collaboration was with Akon on Don’t Dull (Remix).He was reported to habe popped N300million Champagne at his 23rd Birthday.According to FeeBuzz.com, his hit track, “Azonto” was the third non-American songs of 2013.He is the youngest African artiste to get a Grammy nomination.Wizkid is the first African pop star to perform/sell out Royal Albert Hall in London.He is the Nigerian artiste with the most award nominations in Nigeria.He is the first African to bag seven Billboard nominations.He is the first Nigerian artiste to win three Billboard awards.Wizkid is the first afro-pop artiste to appear in the Guinness Book of World Records.He is the first Nigerian artiste to win an award from the American Society of Composers Authors and Publishers (ASCAP).Thanks to his collaboration on “One Dance” a track he was featured on by Canadian rapper, Drake, Wizkid is the only Nigerian artiste to maintain the number one spot on iTunes World Chart for more than one week.24 hours after its release, Wizkid’s “Come Closer” on which he featured Drake got up to a million views on YouTube. This makes Wizkid the first African artiste whose video hit the million mark within the first 24 hours of its release. He broke his own record with the music video for “Fever”. The video features Nigerian superstar, Tiwa Savage who plays his love interest.The governor of Minnesota, Mark Brandt Dayton honoured the singer, by naming a day after him in the US.In an interview with Alex Frank of Vogue magazine in February 2015, Wizkid said he wears a mixture of streetwear and traditional Nigerian clothes. He cited Pharrell Williams as one of his fashion style icons. Source: TheGuardian By Anita Eboigbe Abuja, - Afrobeat star, Ayodeji Balogun aka Wizkid has earned his second Billboard Hot entry with his feature on Beyonce’s ‘Brown Skin Girl’. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Beyonce curated an album based on ‘The Lion King’ featuring several African artists including Wizkid, Tiwa Savage,… July 31, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja, Aug. 20, 2019 (NAN) Afropop star, Ayodeji Balogun aka Wizkid has become the first African artist to hit eight million monthly streams on Spotify. Spotify is an online, music streaming platform that pays royalties based on the number of artists streams as a proportion of total… August 20, 2019 In "Entertainment" If you loved "Come Closer" and "One Dance" then you should fasten your seat belt because the duo of Wizkid and Drake may be taking you on another pleasurable ride. The two music stars have in times past thrilled our ears with their highly-successful collaborations and now Nigerian music star… April 9, 2019 In "Entertainment"