ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The Managing Director of Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA), Professor Adesoji Adesugba has felicitated with muslims nationwide, describing the festival as “a call for re-dedication to the service of the nation, humanity and God. In a message issued on Thursday, Professor Adesugba said the significance of the period should deepen national committment to serve humanity more than ever before, adding ” this session should challenge our spirit of sacrifice for national good. “We are celebrating and honouring the prophet Ibrahim’s selflessness and willingness to sacrifice his son as an act of obedience to God’s command. We must share with the needy and re-commit to doing good to fellow human beings as a way of serving God”, Adesugba said. While wishing all muslims blessed celebration , the NEPZA MD prayed that the the grace and favour of the session will abide with leaders and followers even after the holdays. •Prof Adesoji Adesugba ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The new Managing Director of the Nigeria Export Process Zones Authority, NEPZA, Prof. Adesoji Adesugba, on Wednesday resumed work with a charge on staff to improve on their work ethics with a view to optimising the contribution of NEPZA to the country’s Gross National… July 1, 2020 In "News" •Prof Adesoji Adesugba, MD of NEPZA ABUJA (SundiataPost) - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Professor Adesoji Adesugba as the new Managing Director of Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA), a parastatal under the Federal Ministry of Trade and Investment. The President's approval was given in a letter… July 1, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority, (NEPZA) in a bid to spike influx of both local and International investors to the 41 Free Trade Zones strategically located in the Country had sought partnership of the Nigeria Investment Promotion Commission, NIPC to expedite the process. Managing director of… July 7, 2020 In "Business"