The Federal Government has given school owners till July, 29 to meet specific guidelines for safe reopening of schools. It said schools are expected to undertake self-assessment and send feedback to State Ministries of Education, not later than 29th July, 2020. The government said an official date for safe reopening of schools will be announced once these guidelines are in place. Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, stated these on Friday in Abuja. Nwajiuba said the the Federal Ministry of Education (FMoE), having consulted widely, has in collaboration with Federal Ministry of Health, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the Education in Emergencies Working Group, developed and circulated guidelines for the reopening of schools. In a statement on Friday by the Director of Information, FMoE, Ben Goong, the minister said school owners are expected to prepare and comply with the guidelines. “Thereafter, consultations with relevant stakeholders will be held to review the situation and decide on a specific date for reopening or otherwise. “Furthermore, the Minister said, having taken the painful but necessary decision not to reopen schools without necessary preparations to ensure the safety of students and teachers, the Federal Ministry of Education has continued consultations with stakeholders, and a mechanism to assess and monitor compliance shall be put in place,” the statement said. The minister said the ministry has consulted with Commissioners of Education in the 36 states, the Association of Private School Owners of Nigeria,(APSON), National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools,(NAPPS), Provosts of Colleges of Education, Rectors of Polytechnics, Vice Chancellors of Universities, some State Governors and development partners since Tuesday last week. On WAEC, Nwajuiba said: “we met with WAEC on Monday and have agreed to further consult with four other countries on a new examination date.“We appreciate the concern shown by all stakeholders and note the divergent views expressed on the matter. “Parents should be rest assured that the safety of our students and teachers is paramount as we work assiduously towards speedy reopening of our schools for the exit classes to take external examinations.” The Nation Abuja - Barring any sudden change in plans, schools in Nigeria would reopen in September, a senior official of Federal Ministry of Education confirmed to Daily Sun on Friday, in Abuja.The official said the decision will be implemented after school must have been put in proper position to control the… July 17, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government has disclosed that it is thinking of sectionalising classes for primary, secondary, and tertiary institutions in the country ahead of school reopening amid the pandemic, The Nation has reported. This disclosure was made by the Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba on Wednesday during a briefing… May 28, 2020 In "News" The Federal Ministry of Education has presented to the National Assembly a detailed proposal on its plan to reopen schools across the country, The PUNCH reports. The Minister of State for Education, Mr Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, stated this on Tuesday when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Basic and Secondary… June 24, 2020 In "Education"