According to The Nation, the Coordinator of Operation Safe Corridor, Major General Bamidele Shafa disclosed on Saturday that 601 deradicalised ex Boko Haram combatants has graduated at the DRR camp in Mallam Sidi, Gombe. Out of the 601 graduates of the batch 4 client which arrived in 2 chalk on 27 November and 14 December 2019 592 are Nigerians from 10 states of the federation while 14 are foreign Nationals from Cameroon, Chad and Niger. Out of this number, three died of health complications while one was referred for further medical treatment at the Neuro-psychiatric Hospital in Maiduguri. Shafa said another one was withdrawn on disciplinary ground and transferred for re-categorization and prosecution. “On arrival at the camp, the clients went through documentation processes to obtain vital background information after which they were subjected to comprehensive medical screening to determine their health status “Their DNA samples were also collected while their biometrics were captured on National Data using the National Identity Management Commission, (NIMC) facilities for future references. The background information serves as guide for the experts; Local Treatment Team (LTT) to properly place the clients for treatment therapies and vocational training. The LTT are specialised experts in various fields of deradicalisation and rehabilitation therapies drawn from the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS),” he said. By Peter Uwumarogie Malam Sidi (Gombe State) - Some 602 repentant Boko Haram members, on Monday, denounced their membership of the group and swore Oath of Allegiance to the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The ex-insurgents who have completed a de-radicalisation, rehabilitation and reintegration programme, denounced their membership of the insurgent… July 13, 2020 In "News" According to a report by Punch Metro, the Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olonisakin, has dismissed reports that repentant and rehabilitated Boko Haram members were being recruited into the Nigerian military. Olonisakin, who was represented by Chief of Defence Policy and Plans, AVM Nurudeen Balogun, stated this at a… March 5, 2020 In "News" Cholera, an acute infectious disease, has hit the two camps in Biu Local Government Area of Borno State, where refugees who fled their homes in Damboa Local Government area of the state as a result of attacks by the Islamic sect, Boko Haram are taking shelter. It was learnt that… July 29, 2014 In "News"