The Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal Practice, Dr Onyekachukwu Ibezim, says the government has identified six herbal drugs that could be used to manage coronavirus in the state. Ibezim told the News Agency of Nigeria in Awka on Tuesday that the agency had forwarded the products to the National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control. He said a team of medical experts was assembled to review the process before they decided to take the products to NAFDAC for its final confirmation and approval for public consumption. “The six products are in capsule, powder, and liquid forms,” Ibezim added. He urged herbal practitioners in the state who peddle different types of herbal products without seeking approval from the government agency in-charge of herbal products to desist forthwith. “We have a team of medical experts in all areas of medicines who are saddled with the responsibility of reviewing herbal products in the state before they would be made public for use. “We will give approval if the products fit our standard. “We do not discriminate, the government has provided a friendly environment for business to thrive for all genuine herbal practitioners despite their states of origin. “Anambra Traditional Medicine Board has been assigned the responsibility of properly analysing herbal products in the state and declare them fit for use by the public or otherwise before they are pushed out; all practitioners are advised to comply,” he said. Source By Joy Mbachi Awka - The Anambra State Government says it plans to standardised the operations of traditional medical practitioners in the state to harness their full potentials. Dr Onyekachukwu Ibezim, Special Adviser to Gov. Willie Obiano on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal Practice said this in a chart with newsmen… February 2, 2020 In "News" By Joy Mbachi Awka - The Anambra State Government says it plans to standardised the operations of traditional medical practitioners in the state to harness their full potentials. Dr Onyekachukwu Ibezim, Special Adviser to Gov. Willie Obiano on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal Practice said this in a chart with newsmen… January 31, 2020 In "News" •Rev. Fr. Anselm Adodo OSB By JOSFYN UBA Pax Herbal Clinic and Research Laboratories, Ewu, in Edo State managed by the Oblates of St Benedictine’s Catholic Monks, on April 29, 2020 announced, the development of a herbal medicine, “CVD PLUS” for the cure of Covid-19. The announcement was made through… May 1, 2020 In "News"