Phnom Penh  –  Cambodia’s Interior Minister, Sar Kheng, on Tuesday, rejected criticism of a traffic offence crackdown that has netted Police $3 million in fines. Kheng, speaking at a road safety event, said authorities had tightened road rules and raised penalties to protect lives. He rejected criticism that the tougher laws, introduced in May, had overburdened citizens already struggling amid the economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic. The minister also dismissed the suggestion that the state was using the fines to raise revenue. “People making such suggestions were not thinking clearly,’’ he said. Between May and June, traffic police recorded over 83,000 cases, 73 per cent involving motorbikes and the rest involving cars. “Fines in these cases amounted to about $3 million.’’ Long known for lax road rules and endemic corruption, Cambodia saw road fatalities increase 12.5 per cent in 2019 to 1,981 people. (dpa/NAN) ONITSHA (SundiataPost) - Yesterday, 29 June 2020, Sundiata Post published the executive summary of a special report on how security agents extorted from transporters approximately N44bn in a 90-day while enforcing the lockdown imposed to check the spread of COVID-19.We promised to make available the full report of the investigation… June 30, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Members of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 Simply put, in most developing countries public officials feel and behave as if they are above the law. Put differently, the psychology of public office holders is that it is their duty to make laws, policies, regulations, guidelines, rules and procedures, while… April 22, 2020 In "Opinion" Beijing - Amid rising COVID-19 cases and deaths globally, many countries have unleashed more anti-virus measures, while international organisations have called for global solidarity in confronting the common challenge of mankind. United Nations Secretary-General, Antonio Guterres, said global solidarity is not only a moral imperative, “it is in everyone’s interests.… March 20, 2020 In "Health"