The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, on Thursday, said he was not in a position to regulate airfares for airlines. Sirika stated this when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Aviation to brief senators on the level of the sector’s preparedness to begin flight operations on July 8. He said, “Price is not in my hand but from what we put in place, I do not think that anything significant will happen to affect the propensity to fly.” The minister, however, said necessary protocols have been put in place to ensure social distancing within the airport premises and inside the aircraft. He said, “There is nothing like rush hour again. People have to stay safe before anything happens. “So I’m sure that as civil aviation we are responsible to ensure that everybody remains safe. So there should be no fear, no panic. “The industry is highly regulated, it is one aviation and I’m sure that you have seen from what we have been doing lately, we have been following the international convention and practices. “So this will not be different. There is nothing to panic about, we will become physically distant when required. “It is possible to maintain social distancing inside the aircraft bearing in mind that most of the flights are not always full. “We are also working with the airlines to come up with the protocols before we open. That will be unveiled to you in due course.” (Punch) Hadi Sirika, the Minister of Aviation, on Thursday said only travellers would be allowed inside airport terminals. According to Daily Trust, he had on Wednesday announced that Abuja and Lagos airports would resume domestic operations on July 8; and Kano, Port Harcourt, Owerri and Maiduguri airports, July 11. Sirika, in… July 3, 2020 In "Politics" By Kingsley Okoye/Naomi Sharang Abuja - Aviation Minister Hadi Sirika on Thursday disclosed that aides of Very Important Persons (VIPs), and politicians without any business traveling would not be allowed to enter the airports when domestic flights would resume. Sirika made the disclosure at an interactive session with members of… July 2, 2020 In "News" By Emma Agu Ethiopian Airlines made history, Wednesday, March 8, 2017 as the first foreign carrier to comply with the diversion of flights from the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, otherwise known as Abuja Airport to Kaduna International Airport. Understandably the airline had earlier signaled its willingness to support the diversion,… March 10, 2017 In "Opinion"