The President of the Christians Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev. Samson Ayokunle on Tuesday described the ongoing killings in Southern Kaduna as unacceptable. Ayokunle said that the recent destruction of lives and property in the community has clearly shown that Nigeria: “is a nation that is at war against enemies of the state.” He warned that people might result to self-help as alternative if the situation is not addressed by government. The clergy man called for genuine intervention in the crisis, adding that: “Despite assurances from both the Federal and Kaduna State Governments to nip the crisis in the bud, the spiraling of these assaults have indisputably shown that these demons of murders are yet to sheathe their swords against Southern Kaduna communities and that the government appears not to be sincere in walking the talk.” According to a statement issued by his Special Assistant (Media and Communications), Pastor Adebayo Oladeji, the CAN boss said: “People should not be allowed to result to self-help, but if this situation is not addressed, self-help might be the alternative because nobody would keep on watching for these nuisance to continue to be on the prowl and snuff life out of him or her. “As the umbrella body for all Christians in Nigeria, we share in the pains of victims of terrorism being unleashed on Southern Kaduna and other communities in this nation. There is the urgent need by government and the security forces to walk their talk and combat the raging insecurity squarely across Kaduna state and other parts of the country. The government should not think that we are not appreciative of their efforts but we say without mincing words that your present best is unacceptable. It is not the best Nigerians expect. How can we be seeing and reading in the news about mass burials and be happy when we are not fighting a civil war? We deserve peace in Nigeria. “On our own part as a religious organization, we have never ceased and will never cease from praying for you our leaders to have the courage to put an end to these evils that are giving our beloved country negative image abroad. “The ongoing crisis in Southern Kaduna in recent weeks with the attendant destruction of lives and property has clearly shown Nigeria as a nation that is at war against enemies of the state. The Nation ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has expressed concern over the killing of 102 villagers in Godogodo and Gidan Waya communities in Jema'a Local Government Area of Kaduna State by Fulani herdsmen, saying both President Muhammadu Buhari and Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir el Rufai, have… November 25, 2016 In "News" Abuja - Again, bandits terrorising Kaduna State killed 10 persons at the weekend in two separate attacks on three villages in Jema’a and Kaura local government areas. Governor Nasir El-Rufai had on Friday night extended the 24-hour curfew imposed on troubled Zangon-Kataf to Jema’a and Kaura LGAs to bring the… July 27, 2020 In "News" KADUNA (Press Release) - Kaduna State Governor, Malam Nasir el-Rufai's unfortunate condemnation of the CAN President statement over the cleansing of Christians further exposes the Governor's lack of coming to terms with realities for political reasons. We shall no longer tolerate the disrespect for the office and person of the… December 5, 2016 In "Top Stories"