Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi, has said that Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has 21 days to hand over power to him or the constitution would be invoked. Governor Akeredolu, who is currently receiving treatment for COVID-19, had on Friday vowed that he would not hand over to his Deputy in acting capacity. Speaking through his Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Donald Ojogo, Akeredolu said his Deputy was the greatest threat to his administration and has since left the ruling All Progressives Congress. But the Deputy Governor said it was ignorance to proclaim that Governor Akeredolu would not hand over running of government to him because of political differences. He stated that the venoms and vetuperations from Ojogo in the desire and to desecrate his constitutionally established showed the excruciating pains and whammies his exit has caused the ruling party. The Deputy Governor who spoke through his Media Adviser, Comrade Allen Sowore, said Section 190(2) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended) was apposite in this circumstances even as he continues to pray for Akeredolu’s quickest recovery. He said the Governor was at liberty to handover or not within 21 days after which the constitution becomes operational. According to him, “Refusal and failure of Mr Governor to handover the running of government to his deputy while in self isolation and temporarily incapacitated underscore his absolute disregard for the rule of law; a spite on the people and a direct assault on the provisions of the constitution which he swore to uphold. “Not only that, his deliberate obstacles to ensure that government continues to run while he’s in self isolation as a result of the fact that he has been tested positive for the COVID-19 puts lips service to his hypocratic war against the ravaging pandemic. “Our candid advice is that the energy decipates to pull down the office and person of the deputy governor should be channelled towards resolving the lingering crisis in the health sector particularly, the current strike embarked on by medical practitioners in the state, in the middle of this pandemic. Nobody will take us seriously when doctors are on strike and yet we pretend to be fighting a pandemic. It will only indicates that we’re taking the health of the people for granted. “The Deputy Governor has a track record of performance in the various offices he has held – first as supervisory Councillor, LG Chairman, Member of the National Assembly – where he served as the chairman of the House Committee on NDDC and even now as the Deputy Governor. “Nothing serves as threat to good governance than the current nepotism and lackadaisical attitude towards the prioritisation of people’s welfare. “It’s imperative to inform the general public that, Mr Governor and members of his kitchen cabinet have deliberately barred the Deputy Governor from all government activities as all the daily itinerary and work schedules released from Chief Of Protocols, have not allocated any function or duty to the person or office of the Deputy Governor in recent time. “The Deputy Governor empathises with the good people of Ondo State, at this critical period of our statehood that Mr Governor has decided to personalise administration and governance of our dear state.” The Nation Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has described as untrue reports in the media that there was celebration in the state over Tuesday’s Court of Appeal ruling which upheld the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as member of the All Progressives Congress and subsequent removal as National Chairman of the party.… June 18, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The embattled deputy governor of Ondo State, Hon Agboola Ajayi, at the weekend gave Governor Rotimi Akeredolu 21 days to transmit power to him as acting governor.Akeredolu and his estranged deputy had been at loggerheads over the propriety or otherwise of transmitting power to Ajayi while… July 4, 2020 In "Politics" Ondo Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has vowed not to hand over to his Deputy, Agboola Ajayi, in acting capacity. Akeredolu has since gone into isolation and undergoing treatment at home after he tested positive to COVID-19. Akeredolu said there was no reason for him to hand over to his Deputy, who… July 3, 2020 In "Politics"