By Joy Kaka Abuja  –  A Grade 1 Area Court, Kubwa, on Tuesday sentenced one Mohammed Musa to two years imprisonment for stealing an `Infinix Hot 7’ cell phone. The judge, Muhammad Adamu, sentenced Musa without an option of fine, stressing on the prevalence of such theft in the society. He added that it would serve as a deterrent to others. The defendant was charged with criminal conspiracy and theft and found guilty on both charges with one year sentence each, which the judge stated would run concurrently. Earlier, the Prosecuting counsel, Babajide Olanipekun, told the court that the complainant, Bukky Taiwo, reported the matter at Kubwa police station on July 11. Olanipekun said Musa and two others at large conspired while in a Tricycle on NNPC Junction, and snatched the complainant’s cell phone valued at N45,000 on the said date. He further said that while Musa was chased, he abandoned the tricycle and escaped but was traced and arrested by the police. The prosecution counsel said in the course of police investigation, the cell phone was recovered from Musa. He added that the offence contravened Sections 97 and 287 of the Penal Code. The defendant, however, pleaded guilty and begged for leniency. (NAN) By Nana Musa   Abuja   -    A Karmo Grade 1 Area Court, Abuja, on Monday sentenced a 21-year-old conductor, Ahmed Abdullahi, to six months imprisonment for house-breaking and theft. The judge, Alhaji Abubakar Sadiq, said that the sentence would serve as deterrent to others. Abdullahi, who resides at Daki-biu village,… March 12, 2018 In "Metro" By Joy Kaka Abuja - A Kubwa Grade 1 Area Court, Abuja, on Monday convicted and sentenced a 21-year-old man, Eze Samuel, to four months in prison for stealing two cell phones. The Judge, Ibrahim Balarabe, however, gave Samuel an option to pay a N20, 000 fine, and warned him… March 4, 2019 In "Metro" Abuja- An Area Court in Lugbe, Abuja, on Friday sentenced a 25-year old applicant, Samuel Aboji, to three months imprisonment for stealing cell phone. The judge, Gambo Garba, who handed down the sentence, however, gave Samuel an option to pay N5,000 fine. Garba warned the convict to desist from committing… November 29, 2014 In "News"