By Georgina bode Bern, July 1, 2020 (Reuters/NAN) UEFA says it has no Plan B for this season’s Europa League which is due to finish with an eight-team mini-tournament in Germany in August.During a video conference on Wednesday, UEFA and the German Football Federation (DFB) reaffirmed their commitment to staging the event in Germany, European soccer’s ruling body said in a statement. The Europa League was suspended in March due to the novel coronavirus. “Both parties stressed their strong belief that all measures will be taken to ensure that the matches will be hosted in a safe and secure manner,” it said. UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin added: “As with the UEFA Champions League Final Eight in Portugal, there is no need for a Plan B for this tournament in Germany.” The quarter-finals, semi-finals and final will be played as a straight knockout tournament in Cologne, Duisburg, Duesseldorf and Gelsenkirchen, from August 10 to August 21, with the final in Cologne. The remaining round of 16, second-leg ties will take place on Aug. 5 and 6, either at the originally scheduled venues or in Germany. UEFA said the two ties in which the first leg was also called off Inter Milan v Getafe and Sevilla v AS Roma will be reduced to one leg, played on August 5 or August 6 at two of the German venues. (Reuters/NAN) UEFA has announced the postponement of the Champions League, Europa League and women’s Champions League finals, originally scheduled for May, due to the coronavirus pandemic. “No decision has been taken on rearranged dates,” said UEFA in a statement. All three competitions are currently suspended along with almost every European domestic… March 23, 2020 In "Sports" Abuja  -   Liverpool Football Club of England will face rivals Manchester United FC in the Europa League last 16, while Tottenham Hotspurs have been drawn against Bundesliga giants Borussia Dortmund. The draw was held on Friday in Nyon, Switzerland. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the games… February 26, 2016 In "Sports" Zurich - World football governing body, FIFA, has confirmed Dec. 11 to Dec. 21, 2019 as date for the 2019 FIFA Club World Cup, according to Bureau of the FIFA Council. According to FIFA Media Channel on Friday, the body says the tournament would be held in Qatar. The news… July 26, 2019 In "Sports"