According to The Nation, the spokesperson to late Governor Abiola Ajimobi, Mr Bolaji Tunji has explained the family side of the story in the mild drama that played out at the 8th Day Fidau prayer held in honor the deceased governor. The Oyo state delegation led by Deputy Governor Rauf Olaniyan, the Head of Service, Amidst Ololade and the Commissioner for land, Mr Abiodun Abdul-Raheem, had arrived the Oluyole venue of the prayers, but could not gain entrance into the venue of the prayers. But, Tunji said, the family was not aware that the Deputy Governor would be attending the event neither was there any prior arrival of the deputy governor’s advance protocol team to intimate the family ahead. He said the event which was planned as a family event held in observance of strict protocol of the NCDC, adding that effort to facilitate the entrance of the deputy Governor proved abortive as soon as the family gets the information on the presence of the Deputy Governor at the Oluyole residence of the deceased governor. Tunji said in a statement “There is the need to clarify the believed presence of the Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Engineer Rauf Olaniyan at the 8th day prayer of HE Senator Abiola Ajimobi, the immediate past Governor of Oyo State. “The Deputy Governor arrived after the prayer had started. The event was strictly a family affair. “There was a need to comply with the Covid-19 protocol as established by NCDC – Social distancing, not more than 30 people in a place and seats arranged, accordingly. After which the gate was shut. “No one was aware that the Deputy Governor was coming as neither the advance team nor the protocol informed us. “By the time we got to the gate to usher him into the sitting room, he had left. Everything happened within a spate of 10mins. “Through a serving Senator and a former Attorney General we tried to get in touch with him that it was not to slight him and he could sit in a private sitting room provided by the family. Unfortunately, he had left. We however apologise to his Excellency.” Source Bolaji Tunji, spokesman to the late Abiola Ajimobi, ex-governor of Oyo state, says the deceased had planned to retire from politics after completing his eight-year tenure as governor. Ajimobi died of complications of COVID-19 on Thursday. After his second term as governor, Ajimobi had contested the Oyo south senatorial election… June 26, 2020 In "Politics" By Akeem Abas Ibadan -  Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State on Saturday condemned the resurgence of the cult war in Idi-Oro and Ayeye areas of Ibadan North West Local Government Area which claimed the life of a teenage girl on Saturday. A statement by the Special Adviser, Communication and… May 12, 2018 In "News" •Senator Ajimobi ABUJA - Immediate past governor of Oyo State, Senator Isiaka Abiola Ajimobi, was eventually revived after he fainted on Thursday evening, leading to reports of his purported death, a family source told News Express. “He fainted in his Lagos residence but is still alive,” the source told News Express around 10:00… June 19, 2020 In "News"