The Governor of Kano state and Chairman, National Campaign Council of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for Edo State Gubernatorial election, Abdullahi Ganduje has become a laughing stock on social media after videos of him allegedly collecting bribe played endlessly on billboards in Edo state. Recall that in 2018, Ganduje was enmeshed in a bribery controversy after he was allegedly caught on tape collecting millions of dollars in bribes from contractors in the state. As a sitting governor who enjoys constitutional immunity, Ganduje has not been probed by any anti-corruption agency. He claimed that the videos were doctored. But as the race for the September 19 election heats up, the videos played endlessly on Edo’s biggest roundabout, Ring Road in Benin City, on Wednesday, drawing reactions online. Ganduje’s Dollar Video on the biggest Roundabout in Edo State. pic.twitter.com/LX5dSL2IBC So Ganduje's dollar video is now available on billboard top music chat,Obaseki must be a Nollywood actor  pic.twitter.com/JXqNiqqdhg Ganduje’s Dollar Video is on repeat on the biggest screen,in the biggest Roundabout in Edo State.I love this kind of pettiness Edo is not Lagos. pic.twitter.com/wxwTSU6Hba Obaseki Puts Ganduje’s Scandal Dollar Video On The Biggest Roundabout Billboard In Edo state. Wtf Ganduje’s Dollar Video is on repeat on the biggest screen,in the biggest Roundabout in Edo State.Edo is not Lagos. pic.twitter.com/9Qij5PDDGF This next level sweet ohh… Keyamo VS NASS…. Malami VS Magu… Abije VS Pantami… Ngige VS NSITF… First Lady VS IGPBar man abeg one more bottle pls, I’m enjoying myselfThis Buhari Govt na scam wallahi Source Another shocking video has emerged showing the Kano state Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, in black kaftan, collecting bribe in wads of dollars from a contractor.     The video which has sparked outrage on social media has got many calling for the impeachment of the Governor. Recall that two of similar… October 31, 2018 In "Top Stories" Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has reacted to a statement credited to his Kano State counterpart, Abdullahi Ganduje concerning Edo governorship electon. Wike is the Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Campaign Council for the Edo State governorship election. Ganduje, who is the Chairman of the All Progressive… July 8, 2020 In "Politics" The African Centre for Media and Information Literacy (AFRICMIL) has called on anticorruption agencies, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) to probe video clips showing Kano State governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, allegedly receiving bribes from contractors. AFRICMIL is… November 1, 2018 In "News"