A former governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has cried out that the Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodimma is after him and his family. ThisDay reported that the senator made the claim through his media aide, Mr. Sam Onwuemeodo, in a statement issued yesterday. He said that Uzodinma’s ongoing probe of Okorocha’s administration was targeted at humiliating him. According to him, reports that a court declined his request to stop his probe by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) were untrue. The statement reads in part, “Quickly, we want to state that the court presided over by Justice Ahmed Mohammed did not decline or refused to stop the probe of Senator Rochas Okorocha by EFCC and the Imo State Government. If that report was true, the court would not have again adjourned to Tuesday, July 14, 2020, when the court would decide on the orders sought by Okorocha. “The most exciting thing that happened in the court on Wednesday, July 8, 2020, was that the judge extracted oral undertaking from the lawyer that represented the Attorney-General of the State, Mr Joseph Matthew, that the panel would not sit again during the pendency of the matter.” Source Former Imo Governor and member representing Imo West Senatorial District, Senator Rochas Okorocha, has accused the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) of peddling falsehood against him, saying the commission did not recover any money from him. Okorocha’s outbursts followed reports credited to the Head of the Port Harcourt zone… June 12, 2020 In "News" •Ihedioha and Okorocha Okorocha's first daughter is married to Uche Nwosu, the Action Alliance 2019 candidate who came second in the last governorship election in the state, which Ihedioha won.  The immediate past governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha, has told his successor, Emeka Ihedioha, to order a member of… July 28, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Action Alliance (AA) governorship candidate in the last election in Imo State, Chief Uche Nwosu has said that he will support anybody who wins the governorship election petition at the Supreme Court. Nwosu dropped the hint in his New year message in Abuja,… December 29, 2019 In "Top Stories"