Boko Haram terrorists on Wednesday released a video showing the assassination of five humanitarian workers who were recently abducted along Monguno area of Borno state. The insurgents had earlier demanded for about $500,000 dollars ransom before the abducted workers can be released. In the video released on Wednesday, the abducted humanitarian workers were all executed. The insurgents left a message in the video before executing the workers. The message reads: “We are sending this as a very strong message to you unbelievers and infidels. And to those of you that are being used by these infidels to repent. “You are working for them but they do not have any concern about you. “You worked for them to achieve their goals but they are very far from your plight. They do not show you any care. Look at you now. When we kidnap you they don’t care. They show no concern. “We are calling on all you unbelievers to repent and turn to Allah. “We will continue to abduct you people at every road that we see you if you don’t repent to work for them. It is a warning to all of you.” The Nation Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Presidency on Saturday assured Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) of its commitment to the release of Leah Sharibu and others in terrorists’ captivity. A senior presidency official, who preferred anonymity, reiterated that, “We haven’t given up about Leah Sharibu. We are hopeful and optimistic.” According… July 28, 2019 In "Top Stories" •Leah Sharibu ABUJA - The Muhammadu Buhari Administration has reacted to reports that Leah Sharibu, one of the Dapchi schoolgirls abducted last year by Boko Haram has been killed. See https://sundiatapost.com/aid-worker-abducted-by-boko-haram-claims-leah-sharibu-is-dead-video/ The Senior Special Assistant to the President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, said in a Facebook… July 26, 2019 In "Top Stories" Grace Taku, the aid worker kidnapped by Boko Haram terrorists on July 18, has claimed that Leah Sharibu alongside one Alice has been killed by the insurgents because of the Federal Government of Nigeria’s inability to “do something”. Leah Sharibu was among the 110 Dapchi schoolgirls kidnapped from Yobe State… July 25, 2019 In "News"