Owerri – The award of twenty seven stadium by the previous administration of Emeka Ihedioha is presently generating a lot of controversy in Imo State as the contract sum including that of other road projects allegedly running to over N50 billion was said to have been awarded with 80 percent mobilisation fee paid. This is just as the controversial contracts have been abandoned by their various contractors. A social critic and elder statesman, chief Bob Njemanze has expressed his dissatisfaction on the projects which he has described as “White elephant “. Njemanze said ,” The whole exercise is a monumental fraud and a ploy to loot the local government areas , the 27 local government I have stated clearly from inception is a big fraud, those the mobilisation money is in their hands has refused to bring it out and that is why the projects are abandoned.” The construction of the stadium in the twenty seven local government areas of the State with a secretariat in each council headquarters was awarded at over N36 billion according to reliable source, unfortunately the work has been abandoned. Sun News ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate has begun an investigation into the N2.4 billion abandoned Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC)'s Agbaraho Township Road project in Ugheli North Local Government Area of Delta State. This followed a petition, which was submitted on Wednesday by Senator Ighoyota Amori dated November 17. Amori, who… November 26, 2015 In "News" Yenagoa  -  Gov. Seriake Dickson of Bayelsa on Tuesday in Yenagoa advised the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) against being used as platform for servicing political interests. Dickson gave the advice during a courtesy call on him by the Acting Managing Director of the NDDC, Mrs Ibim Semenitari and leaders… April 12, 2016 In "News" By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - The Senate on Wednesday resolved to investigate the abandonment of Mararaba Mubi-Michika-Madagali road rehabilitation in Adamawa. This followed a motion sponsored by Sen .Ishaku Abbo ( PDP -Adamawa North), who drew the attention of the lawmakers on the deplorable state of the road in spite… March 11, 2020 In "News"