The ‘world’s most identical twins’ revealed how they plan to get pregnant at the same time by their shared boyfriend. Australian twins Anna and Lucy DeCinque appeared on the TV Show Monday’s This Morning where they explained to a baffled Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes why they want to have a baby at the same time. The 34-year-old sisters, who had always had separate boyfriends before, now share boyfriend Ben Byrne. ‘In the past, we had separate boyfriends but Ben accepts us for who we are,’ Anna explained. ‘It has been equal from day one and there is no jealousy.’ Lucy continued: ‘If he kisses Anna he’ll kiss me straight after.’ The siblings went on to add that their boyfriend can always tell them apart even when speaking to them on the phone. Speaking about the duo’s plans to have children at the same time, Anna added: ‘We will grow old together and die together. ‘We will freeze our eggs at the same time, it will be a challenge but we just want to be the same. ‘It could be obsessive but that is how we want to live our lives.’ Source A woman was furious when she learned that her teenage daughter cheated with her boyfriend. Mildred Mashego, 38, of Casteel, South Africa, was pregnant when she learned that her daughter was also pregnant, and the two were due just days apart. Mashego said that she was very angry when she… April 3, 2015 In "News" Harrison Arubu Abuja-based Hajia Ameena Hassana Sani and Hajia Hadiza Hussaina are identical twin sisters with a difference. They look so remarkably alike that telling them apart has been one big task for everyone, who comes across, including their parents, since they were born more than 50 years ago. According… March 16, 2019 In "News" A pregnant 20-year-old lady who is in a polyamorous relationship with four men is planning to raise her baby with all her lovers. Tory Ojeda lives with her partners in Jacksonville, Florida. The mum-to-be began the polyamorous relationship three years ago when she met one of her partners Marc, 18,… December 6, 2019 In "Metro"