Rights activist and co-convener of the #Bring Back Our Girls Movement, Aisha Yesufu, has called on the Senate to leave the service chiefs alone and instead impeach President Muhammadu Buhari. The Senate had earlier called on Service Chiefs to step aside as the country continues to grapple with security challenges. According to Yesufu, instead of holding the Service Chiefs accountable for the happenings in the country, they should impeach the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces. In a video going viral on social media, Aisha Yesufu said, “The spokesperson to the president said that President Buhari is in charge of Nigeria and I totally agree with him. “Buhari is in charge of the incompetence, the cluelessness, the corruption, the ineptitude that is going on the country. “He is in charge of the failure to protect the lives and properties of citizens. Buhari has always been in charge  “When people come out to say Buhari is not in charge, that is not so. He knows what is going on. “The bus stops at his table and it is high time citizens begin to make demands on him. Call him out for what he is, an absolute and total failure. “The National assembly is asking for the sack of the Service Chiefs. “It is not about the Service Chiefs anymore; it is about the Commander-in-Chief. He has obviously shown he does not have the capacity to lead. “It is time for the National Assembly to put its act together, to get the guts and impeach the president. “Anything short of impeachment is not doing any service to Nigeria because we cannot wait for three more years with what we have now. “It is time for the National Assembly, if they can, to impeach President Buhari.” Source: The Nigerian Express Online political activist, Aisha Yesufu, has taken a swipe at the Nigerian Police over the killing of its officers by the Nigerian Military. Image result for mohammed adamu The police are currently in a cold war with their army counterparts after the latter shot and killed three officers of the… August 9, 2019 In "Security" Aisha Yesufu, the co-convener of the BringBackOurGirls, BBOG, advocacy group has launched a fresh attack on President Muhammadu Buhari. Yesufu asked Buhari to vacate office because he has performed below expectation. She said the president has failed to ensure security of the North and the country. In a series of… March 2, 2018 In "Top Stories" ….says Reps collecting signatures for impeachment notice  From Kemi Yesufu The member representing Kazaure/Roni/Gwiwa/Ankashi, Federal Constituency of Jigawa State, Muhammed Gudaji Kazaure, has raised an alarm over what he said is a plot to impeach President Muhammadu Buhari. Kazaure who addressed the House Press Corps immediately after the 3-hour long… June 5, 2018 In "Top Stories"