AWKA – Female lawyers in Anambra State have risen against alleged sexual harassment of girls working in an Onitsha-based company by Chinese expatriates working in same company. The lawyers wondered why a female employee should be terminated without payment of any benefits for refusing sexual advances. They alleged that the expatriates always entice the girls, adding that anyone that refuses to yield to their intimidation and harassment would be sacked. A petition to the police written by the lawyers under the aegis of “Stand Up Women Society” was signed by Adaobinna Edozie and Nkolika Ebede, Chairperson and Secretary respectively. The petition titled “Cases of Sexual Harassment, Human Rights and Labour Violations by the Expatriate Workers” partly reads: “Termination of one’s appointment without any justification and without payment of any benefits, exposure of the young girl to harsh weather with the attendant health risks, are also serious infringement of her fundamental  rights. “We seriously view these issues especially the manner and situation in which they occurred as breaches and harassment of the highest order by these expatriates. “We hereby pray, that you use your good offices to proper investigate into these atrocities and impunity with the aim of bringing the culprits to book.” The state Commissioner of Police (CP) John Abang, who confirmed receipt of the petition said: “The matter is under investigation.” (News Express) Teenaged student raped by HIV-positive lecturer Lecturers arrested, sacked Despite punitive measures being taken by the management of the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) in Zaria, many students are battling to overcome the trauma of sexual harassment and abuse by their lecturers. Daily Trust takes a look. Asabe (not real name)… August 18, 2019 In "Features" Lagos (Lagos State)  -   The Parent-Teacher Association (PTA), of Queens College, Lagos said in Lagos on Monday that it had set up panel to investigate alleged sexual harassment in the school. Chairman of the PTA, Mrs Beatrice Akhetuanen, told a news conference that the panel would be working with… March 21, 2016 In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Police Campaign Against Cultism and Other Vices (POCACOV) has lauded the Senate for passing the Sexual Harassment Bill for the protection of Nigerian women and girls from sexual predators. POCACOV National Coordinator, CSP Ebere Amaraizu, gave the commendation while speaking with the News Agency… July 9, 2020 In "News"