Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has threatened to sanction contractors, who failed to deliver on their agreements with the state government. Wike said it was unacceptable for contractors, particularly those, who had received full payment before the COVID-19 pandemic, to use the Coronavirus an excuse not to deliver their projects on time or compromise set standard. The governor issued the warning shortly after inspecting projects located at Eleme and Tai local government areas of the state on Friday. Wike said while the structural work of the 5000-capacity auditorium at the National Youth service Corps (NYSC) orientation camp in Nonwa was commendable, the contract would, however, be reviewed by his government. He said the review became necessary because the contractor refused to make the furnishing of the auditorium an integral part of the original design. He said: “I don’t know how anybody would design a modern structure and begin to talk about terazzo floor. You can’t also construct a building without talking about furnishing. These things have to go hand in hand. “I’ll make sure that the right thing is done. We have paid 100% and what I have seen I’m not satisfied. Again, the contractor has no reason to use covid-19 as reason for the delay. Payment was made to him In November 2019, and covid-19 started in march 2020. “We have to be very strict with contractors; those who do not want to fulfil their contractual agreement, government will take its stand and sanction them even if the supervising ministry or agency may not have done very well”. Wike also said the various projects at the NYSC orientation camp served as support to federal agencies located in the state as they continued to render services to Rivers people. “They are here to serve Rivers people. There is need to give them support. We have done the internal roads within the NYSC camp, and we have completely renovated the entire building structure for them,” he said. The governor, who also inspected the progress of work at the Community Secondary School in Eteo community in Eleme local government area, said his administration had projects sited in every local government of the state and that he is committed to completing them. Wike said a directive was given to the contractor handling the community school to add the construction of a library for reading activities and a chapel auditorium for regular religious worship. The Nation Port Harcourt -  Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers said on Wednesday that the state government would immortalise Mr Samuel Okonta, the Corps member who died during the March 19 re-run legislative election in the state. Wike disclosed this in Port Harcourt during a condolence visit to the state secretariat of… March 23, 2016 In "News" The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja II has donated two motorized fumigating machine to Rivers State Government to contain the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic. Presenting the equipment to Governor Nyesom Wike at Government House, Port Harcourt, on Wednesday, the Oba Ogunwusi said they were locally fabricated… June 10, 2020 In "News" Nonwa-Gbam -  Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers on Friday said the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme has been recognised by sincere Nigerians as the symbol of the nation's unity. Wike stated this at the closing ceremony of the 2016 Batch ``A’’ Orientation Course at the NYSC permanent orientation camp,… May 13, 2016 In "News"