Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde has said Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) can win the governorship elections in Ondo and Ekiti states if members are united. He said the party lost Southwest due to internal wrangling. The governor hoped its future could still be revived, if the party was united. Makinde spoke at the PDP Southwest United Kingdom (UK) Chapter’s first anniversary via webinar. He stressed the need for PDP to restore its glory and pride by refocusing, regrouping, and restrategising. Makinde reminded the gathering that PDP lost ground in the last few years due to factions between Buruji Kasamu and Ladi Adebutu in Ogun State; as well as Ademola Adeleke and Senator Iyiola Omisore in Osun State. According to the governor, since taking the oath of office, his priority had been to unite factions leading to the unification rally. He apologised for holding the rally at a time COVID-19 was just panning out. “We lost in Ekiti and Ondo states because the party was not united… As part of the rebuilding process, former stakeholders, who left the party, were welcomed back into the fold. It is, therefore, our joint responsibility to work as one united family to ensure the party wins in Ondo and Ekiti states.” The Nation ADO-EKITI - President Goodluck Jonathan said on Saturday his party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), would win the June 21 governorship election in Ondo. Jonathan spoke at the formal presentation of the party's flag to its governorship candidate in the state, Mr Ayo Fayose, in Ado-Ekiti. He said that his… June 8, 2014 In "Politics" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has urged Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) members in the South-West geopolitical zone to unite, reposition the party and help it to regain its lost glory. Makinde made the call while speaking at the PDP South-West stakeholders’ meeting held at… March 13, 2020 In "News" By Remi Koleoso Ado-Ekiti -  National leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has appealed to the people of Ekiti to vote for the party in Saturday’s governorship election. According to him, the APC is the solution to four years of frustration, disappointment and poverty that… July 10, 2018 In "Politics"