Hanoi  –  A Vietnamese man has tested positive for COVID-19 in the central city of Da Nang, ending a period of 99 days in which Vietnam had recorded no community transmissions, state media reported on Friday. Doctors initially suspected the patient, a 57-year-old man local to the area, had contracted pneumonia, yet coronavirus tests came back from two separate testing centres, local newspaper VnExpress said. Fifty people who were in contact with the man have been isolated and the entire hospital has been placed under lockdown. Nguyen Tien Hong, deputy director of Da Nang’s Center for Disease Control and Prevention, told local media that a number of people who had been in contact with the man were also showing symptoms. There is a chance the case may be a false positive, as occurred with an Indonesian man who initially tested positive for the virus in Ho Chi Minh City on July 1. Vietnam has thus far proved a success story in its response to the pandemic. Only 412 cases have been recorded, and noone has died as a result. All recent new cases have come from Vietnamese nationals who were repatriated after becoming stranded overseas. (dpa/NAN) ABAKALIKI - A 26-year-old man and his 19-year-old wife in Ebonyi State have tested positive for Coronavirus, bringing the total number of cases in the state to seven. The man and wife who are indigenes of Ezza Inyimagu in Ekwulegu community, Izzi Local Government Area of the state, are traders… May 9, 2020 In "News" Phnom Penh - The Cambodian government on Thursday issued a one-week ban on civilian travel in and out of Phnom Penh, and between all districts outside the capital. This the government said was in an effort to limit the spread of COVID-19, local media reported. The travel restriction order, which… April 9, 2020 In "Foreign" The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, yesterday, exhibited its clout for upsetting human activities at the top echelons of the Nigerian government. Shortly after reports that Chief of Staff Abba Kyari tested positive to the virus, the Presidential Villa in Abuja was no longer the same. It retained all the trappings of… March 25, 2020 In "Politics"