A black woman has made her family proud after yet another milestone. Pilot LTJG Swegle has celebrated her recent accomplishment at her graduation ceremony as the first-ever black woman tactical pilot in US Navy history. For the first time in the US Navy history books, LTJG Swegle became the establishment’s first black woman to attain this feat. Although details of the name of the specific jet or when she was first admitted to the US Navy is not immediately public, she is being lauded on social media. According to tiremeetsroad.com, a small percentage of applicants are accepted into Naval Flight School and an even smaller percentage make it through.As a woman who has conjured and shattered the glass ceiling, she has become an inspiration to other women, especially young girls who aspire to fly. In a post by a Twitter user identified as Miss Alissa, LTJG Swegle completed her advanced flight training at Naval Air Station Kingsville with her last scheduled flight culminating in the time-honoured tradition of a spray of water. Her post read: ”Just my best friend making history.” Alissa shared impressive images of LTJG Swegle from her graduation. The frames have gathered thousands of positive reactions as of the time of this publication. @RJfisher59 wrote:    ”That’s great! That smile could light up the sky! I worked with the daughter of the first Black female air traffic controller in the FAA!” Just my best friend making history pic.twitter.com/k0qG8kaZTr Jessica Cox is one sweet inspirational woman that has defied all odds set before her, right from childhood to become a champion and jinx breaker. She was born in Phoenix on the 2nd of February 1983 without arms for no medical reason and when family and friends worried over how… May 23, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post ) -  US fighter jets intercepted two long-range Russian “Bear” bombers in international airspace off western Alaska, the North American Aerospace Defense Command said Saturday.   The long-range Tupelev Tu-95 bombers were “intercepted and visually identified” Friday morning by a pair of F-22 Raptors as the Russian… May 12, 2018 In "Foreign" By Senator Iroegbu  Flight Lieutenant Kafayat Sanni and her peers of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF), are living their dreams as Nigeria's first female fighter pilots; even as she readies to go and kick asses of some Boko Haram and Islamic State in West Africa (ISWAP) terrorists in the North… May 6, 2020 In "Features"