By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja –  The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Screening Appeal Panel (SAP) for Ondo State governorship primary election on Monday cleared Godday Erewa, one of the aspirants earlier disqualified by the party screening committee on Friday.Erewa made his clearance known as he addressed newsmen at the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja after appearing before the appeal panel chaired by Sen. Gyang Dung.The aspirant, who displayed the certificate of clearance issued to him said the screening committee earlier disqualified him citing error in the spelling of his name, which was not in the documents he presented.“The reason they gave was that there was an error in the spelling of my name but there was no error. “May be the way they were pronouncing the name in their own dialect is different from the way it was spelt.“The name in the certificate that was not cleared is different from the name in my school certificate.“So when they looked at it from my appeal, they had to clear me. The name is Oritsewino which the party spelt as Oritsewiwo in error,” he said.He appreciated the screening appeal panel for fair hearing and for correcting the mistake. Erewa, who expressed optimism of winning the party’s ticket and the Oct. 10 election if given the opportunity, ruled out possibility of a consensus candidate.“There won’t be consensus. At the stage we are now, there is no consensus. Consensus could have come before buying the form, not after buying the form. Sixteen days from today is the primary,” he added.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Dung, chairman of the appeal panel, refused to grant audience to journalists after the exercise.Yakubu Dogara, former Speaker, House of Representatives, who was Chairman of the PDP Screening Committee for Ondo State Governorship Election had disclosed that two unnamed aspirants failed the exercise on Friday. (NAN) Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo state lied when he claimed in public that there was no problem with his certificate. A report by Pulse has revealed that after the claim, the governor went in secret to correct the error. In a report by the news medium, it discovered from documents… July 3, 2020 In "Politics" Following his disqualification by the All Progressives Congress, there are indications that the embattled Governor of Edo State, Mr Godwin Obaseki, may consider running on the platform of another political party to realise his second-term ambition. The screening committee of the party, headed by Prof Jonathan Ayuba, while presenting the… June 13, 2020 In "Politics" According to The PUNCH, indications emerged on Saturday that the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party has given conditions to the embattled Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, to fly the party’s flag in the state’s September 19 governorship election. The offers came following Friday’s disqualification of Obaseki from the… June 14, 2020 In "Politics"