London  –  Britain’s Princess Beatrice married property tycoon, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, on Friday in a small ceremony attended by her grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, and other royals. The private wedding ceremony was held at the Royal Chapel of All Saints in Windsor Great Park, after the couple was made to cancel plans for a larger event in May due to the novel coronavirus pandemic. “The small ceremony was attended by the queen, the Duke of Edinburgh and close family members,’’ Buckingham Palace said, referring to the queen’s husband, Prince Philip. “The wedding took place in accordance with all relevant government guidelines,’’ the palace said. The queen normally worships in the All Saints chapel while staying at nearby Windsor Castle, her main home outside London. She and her husband of 72 years, 99-year-old Prince Philip, left London for Windsor Castle in April as a precuation amid the pandemic, the royal family said. Beatrice, 31, and Mapelli Mozzi, 37, got engaged in Italy in 2019, the palace said earlier. Beatrice’s younger sister, Princess Eugenie, took an engagement photograph of the couple in Italy. “It’s been a long time coming, and you two are meant to be,’’ Eugenie said in an Instagram post, congratulating her sister on her engagement. Beatrice and Eugenie are the daughters of the queen’s son, Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, and his ex-wife, Sarah, the Duchess of York. Eugenie, 30, married her long-term boyfriend, events manager Jack Brooksbank, in October 2018 .(dpa/NAN) London   -       Prince Louis, the third child of Britain’s Prince William and wife Kate, will be christened later on Monday, but Queen Elizabeth will not be there, his father’s office said. The prince would be christened at a small, private ceremony overseen by the Archbishop of… July 9, 2018 In "Foreign" Prince Charles will walk Meghan Markle down the aisle on Saturday when she marries Prince Harry, Kensington Palace has said. Ms Markle's father, Thomas, is unable to attend the wedding, after undergoing heart surgery. The Prince of Wales was "pleased to be able to welcome Ms Markle to the Royal… May 18, 2018 In "Foreign" If you're planning on attending the British royal wedding this spring, you can finally stake out a spot on the processional route. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding will take place at 12 p.m. GMT (7 a.m. ET) on May 19, 2018, Kensington Palace announced Monday morning. The Palace had… February 12, 2018 In "Entertainment"