Kuala Lumpur –   Malaysian health Ministry on Wednesday said the country had not recorded any new case of COVID-19 local transmissions. Health Ministry Director-General Noor Hisham Abdullah said in a statement that one new imported case had been detected, a Malaysian national returning from Turkey. “It has been four months since the first case of second wave of COVID-19 cases in Malaysia reported on Feb. 27. “For the first time, today, Malaysia recorded the lowest daily COVID-19 cases during the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. “More importantly, there are no cases of COVID-19 reported to be infected from inside the country, local transmission, among Malaysians and foreign nationals.’’ The ministry said the total number of cases in the country was 8,640 of which 144 were active cases. It added that among the active cases, four were being held in intensive care units and two of those were in need of assisted breathing. According to the ministry, another 21 cases have been released, bringing the total cured and discharged to 8,375 or 96.9 per cent of all cases. No new deaths had been reported, leaving the total deaths at 121 the ministry added. However, Education Minister Mohd Jidin said primary school students in fifth and sixth grade and secondary school students would open on July 15, while remaining primary school students would return on July 22. This is after schools for middle schools senior grade students proceeded to operate on June 24. Government offices and private preschools and kindergartens have also reopened. Jidin added that tuition centres would be allowed to open as well, starting July 15. More sectors are opened, including spas and massage centers, cinemas, theaters, indoor live events and swimming pool activities. The Malaysian government has also allowed social events like wedding receptions, engagement ceremonies, religious events, birthday and anniversary celebrations to be held, beginning in July. (Xinhua/NAN) Malaysia has gone into 10 days without any new COVID-19 deaths, the Health Ministry said on Monday, leaving the total deaths in the country at 115. Health Ministry Director General, Noor Hisham, said Malaysia reported 38 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 7,857.… June 1, 2020 In "Foreign" Nairobi - The coronavirus spread further across Africa on Wednesday, with Burkina Faso reporting its first death and new cases found in at least three more countries. Africa had for weeks been spared from the virus, but it has now been confirmed in more than half of the continent’s 54… March 18, 2020 In "Foreign" Beijing - China has reported 1,749 new cases of the novel coronavirus (Covid-19) on Wednesday, with the National Health Commission reporting 136 new deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll beyond 2,000. Hong Kong, with 62 confirmed cases, saw its second Covid-19 death on Wednesday morning, public… February 19, 2020 In "Foreign"