By Ahmed Kaigama  Bauchi  – Gov. Bala Mohammed of Bauchi state on Friday urged Muslim faithful to use the Eid-el-Kabir celebration for self-assessment in the last one year. Mohammmed made the call in his Goodwill message on Eid-el-Kabir celebration signed By Alhaji Muktar Gidado the Senior Special Assistant on Media to the Governor in Bauchi. “We should use the occasion of the Eid-el Kabir for self-assessment in the last one year, so as to take corrective measures where necessary, for us to be amongst the believers, who will enjoy the mercies of Allah (SWT) in the hereafter. “We should also use the Eid-el-Kabir occasion to strengthen the existing interpersonal relationship and create new ones,” he said. Mohammed also urged citizens to imbibe the spirit of forgiveness, humility and respect for one another. Gov. Mohammed reassured that his administration’s commitment would continue to serve the citizens together to forge ahead in the quest of developing the state. “As you can see we are making our modest efforts in infrastructural development, education, health, youth empowerment and agriculture, which are critical to the development of our dear State. “We will continue to pursue developmental projects, which have direct bearings on the lives of our people to the door-steps of all the communities in the State,” Mohammed said. He noted that the administration is very aware of the present hardships being experienced as a result of the COVID-19 Pandemic globally. The governor reiterated that as a responsible government they will continue to render palliative measures to cushioning the effects of the hardships. He called on all and sundry to continue to bear with the government and make some sacrifices to ensure that the state is put on the path of greatness. He, however, pointed out that the present hardship is temporary, “as soon as we put our acts together by obeying the protocols of COVID-19 as demanded by experts in various fields,,” he said. Mohammed appealed to all motorists to observe traffic regulations,to reduce accidents on the highways throughout the period of Eid-el Kabir celebration and beyond, He also urged parents to control their children and wards in order to reduce the incidents of missing children during the festivities (NAN) Asks Muslims to avoid evil influence of violence preachersLawan, Govs, Bukola Saraki, Tinubu, APC, PDP, ACF, CAN, others call for sacrificeBauchi police deploy 3,067 personnel to ensure hitch-free celebration Omololu Ogunmade in Abuja As Nigerian Muslims join the rest of the Islamic world to mark Eid-el-Kabir today, political, traditional, and… August 11, 2019 In "Top Stories" AWKA - Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra has charged Muslims to use the spiritual lessons of Eid Kabir and the blessings of the Sallah season to promote love and peaceful co-existence among Nigerians. The governor made the call in Awka on Saturday in his Sallah message to adherents of the… October 5, 2014 In "News" By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, has felicitated with the Muslim faithful in the state and across the world, on the occasion of the Eid-el-Kabir celebration. Makinde, in a Sallah message on Thursday in Ibadan by Mr Taiwo Adisa, his Chief Press Secretary, admonished Muslims… July 30, 2020 In "News"