By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja –  The Federal Capital Territory (FCT ) Ministerial Task Force on City Sanitation, on Thursday, raided a notorious drug dealers’ colony on the Tora Gora Hill, near Apo roundabout, Abuja in its bid to sanitise the city. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the task force also raided another drug peddlers area in Games Village, Abuja, where it made some arrests and prohibited substances, as well as items belonging to some victims of the illicit trade. NAN also reports that the latest raid is the third operation carried out by the task force on the Tora Gora Hill, adjudged the capital of illicit drug dealers’ supply colony in the FCT. More shocking discoveries were made when the task force, while on routine surveillance, found ladies bags, shoes and other sundry accessories at the places visited. NAN also reports that during the raid, several members of the drug cartels fled their trade zones, leaving their wares, and the few of them arrested were handed over to the police for further investigation and prosecution. The Chairman of the task force, Mr Ikharo Attah, told newsmen after the raid that victims of drug peddlers in the nation’s capital city were largely young men and women. Attah reiterated the task force’s commitment to stem the activities of drug peddlers and restore sanity in the territory. He said that the task force was working to rid the city of criminal elements that live around the fringes of the city’s major road corridors and green areas. (NAN) By Ibironke Ariyo   Abuja   -     The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) says it will adopt task force approach in combating drug abuse and trafficking in the country. Mr Jonah Achema, Head, Public Affairs of the agency, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Abuja, that… November 23, 2018 In "Foreign" By Joseph Edeh Abuja The Assistant Inspector-General of Police (AIG) in charge of Zone 7, Mr Godwin Nwobodo, has called on police personnel in Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Command to be committed to duty. Nwobodo made the call when he visited the command on Tuesday in Abuja, and charged the… January 22, 2019 In "News" ABUJA - A Chadian, Usman Mecheka, operating with a terrorists group around the Lake Chad in Maiduguri, has been taken into custody by the Multi National Joint Task Force, the Defence Headquarters says. This is contained in a statement issued on Saturday in Abuja and signed by Maj.-Gen. Chris Olukolade,… May 3, 2014 In "News"