A popular APC chairman identified as Christopher Ogah has been arrested after he was allegedly caught defiling two girls in his house in Obi Local Government Area of Nasarawa State. The suspects said to be the chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Obi Ward, was allegedly caught defiling two girls aged 12 and 13 years respectively. Daily Trust reported that an eyewitness said the politician lured the girls to his room when they entered his residence to fetch water from a well. Chairman of the local government, Alhaji Mohammad Oyimoga Oyigye confirmed the incident and also disclosed that he saved the suspect from being lynched by angry youths. Oyigye said the suspect who was handed over to the police, was transferred to Lafia to forestall breakdown of peace in the area. Nasarawa State Commissioner of Police, Mr Bola Longe who also confirmed the incident said; “I have directed that the case be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) in Lafia for discreet investigation after which the suspect will be charged to court. “The police, under my watch, are warning would-be rapists to have a rethink or face the wrath of the law. “I am assuring the public of the police command’s commitment to arrest and prosecute anyone found wanting no matter how highly placed.” Source  February 1, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday gave a matching order to the Coordinating Minister of the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala; the Governor Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emiefule and the Nigeria National Petroleum Cooperation (NNPC) to ensure an end to the fuel… March 4, 2015 In "News" Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign"