In a world of fights and trouble, a video making the rounds on social media has shown the moment a woman and her househelp burst into tears as they bid farewell to each other after years of staying together under one roof. The house help who was ready to take her leave after years of serving her madam revealed how she was treated fairly during her time in her madam’s house. Taking to Facebook, the madam shared a video of the emotional moment, while pleading with Nigerians to favour her whenever they see her. In her words: “This is a very emotional night for me!! I will miss this girl…. she worked for me for so long and now I finally have to let her go Pls mark her face, anywhere you see her my people Favour her and be good to her!!She is an amazing person, she took care of my child like her own,  she did her work with so much diligence and respect Dearest Nigerians her name is Justina, once you see her anywhere keep blessing her for me ” Watch the video below; sets to leave after years of serving her diligently.  . . Follow @mediagist for more exclusive updates. A post shared by  MediaGist (@mediagist) on Jul 1, 2020 at 3:09am PDT Source A Nigerian lady identified as Cassandra Owolabi, who formerly worked for star actress, Funke Akindele, has taken to her social media page to accuse the actress of physical, emotional and financial abuse. Narrating her story in a lengthy post which she tagged #IsurvivedFunkeAkindele, Cassandra who is a screenwriter, alleged that… June 29, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" A woman has expressed shock after what she discovered from a CCTV camera between her 2-year-old son and the househelp.  The Househelp in the middle with the couple A Nigerian lady Uchechukwu Ogugua, got quite thankful as she shared CCTV footages of her househelp Agatha, assaulting her 2-year-old son left in… August 5, 2019 In "Metro" If not for anything, Omolola Ajayi’s video of lamentation of how she was deceived into slavery in Lebanon last week, once again threw the illicit but booming business of modern-day slavery into limelight. Somehow, it also succeeded in reaching far more people than the conventional video had been able to… January 19, 2020 In "Metro"