Nigerian singer, Runtown, 30, and South Sudanese-Australian fashion model, Adut Akech Bior, 20, have sparked relationship rumours. The pair took to their respective Instagram accounts to share loved-up videos of them enjoying a stroll with the father of one seen planting a sweet kiss on the model. Akech, who made her fashion week runway debut as an exclusive in the Saint Laurent S/S 17 show, has worked with top brands including Chanel, Valentino and Givenchy, and many others. Runtown was previously linked to US-based model, Selena Leath, who is also the mother of his son, Zamar. Nigerian singer, Runtown, 30, and Sudanese-Australian model, Adut Akech, 20, spark relationship rumours with loved-up videos. The pair took to their respective Instagram accounts to share loved-up videos of them enjoying a stroll with the father of one seen planting a sweet kiss on the model.  Akech, who made her fashion week runway debut as an exclusive in the Saint Laurent S/S 17 show has worked with top brands including Chanel, Valentino and Givenchy, and many others.  Runtown was previously linked to US-based model, Selena Leath, who is the mother of his son, Zamar. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jul 7, 2020 at 8:08am PDT Source Nigerian singer, Runtown, has revealed he just got the $1,200 COVID-19 stimulus payment from the US government, despite being banned from the country for two years. The economic stimulus cheques were authorised in a $2.2 trillion economic rescue package approved by Congress at the end of March. Taking to Twitter… April 16, 2020 In "Entertainment" Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  President Muhammadu Buhari has denied speculations that he had passed on at a London hospital where he was receiving treatment. Buhari has made several trips to London for medical treatment since mid-2016. Initially, the presidency claimed he had a “persistent ear infection”. Several high-profile figures in… December 2, 2018 In "Top Stories" Geneva  -  The UN Human Rights Council has set up a monitoring mission to South Sudan in reaction to reports of government-sanctioned mass rapes that may constitute crimes against humanity, the UN said on Thursday. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] In an undisputed decision, the Geneva-based council decided that a watchdog commission would… March 25, 2016 In "Foreign"