No fewer than 12 persons were on Thursday burnt to death following a fatal road accident along Tombia-Amassoma road in Yenagoa local Government Council Area of Bayelsa State. While nine persons were reportedly burnt to ashes on the spot following an explosion that accompanied the accident, four others later died on arrival at the Niger Delta Teaching Hospital in Okolobiri. It was gathered that the accident involved a 14-seater passenger bus and a diesel tanker truck believed to be conveying chippings to a construction site around the Ammassoma area. Eyewitnesses said the accident occurred at about 8.45 pm on Wednesday. “The bus and diesel truck collided and the bus burst into flames. Everybody in the bus was trapped and burnt beyond recognition. Four persons rushed to the hospital gave up the ghost,” one of the eyewitnesses, who craved anonymity, said. Officials of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) confirmed that the passengers were burnt beyond recognition. “When we arrived at the scene at about 10 pm there was nothing we could do,” they said. They said the preliminary investigation showed that the accident was caused by speeding on the part of the diesel truck driver. “We believe the truck driver removed the plate number and escaped from the scene of the accident. But the passenger bus carries plate number VA6243,” they said. Spokesperson for Bayelsa State Police Command, Asinim Butswat, confirmed the incident. He said the scene was gory and horrible. The Nation By Mohammed Lawal Scene of an accident that claims four lives including a veteran journalists on Kaduna-Zaria expressway Zaria (Kaduna State) - A veteran Journalist, Mr Dominic Ozoh, and three other persons have been killed in a motor accident on Kaduna-Zaria expressway, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. NAN… February 4, 2020 In "News" Ezzamgbo (Ebonyi)  -  No fewer than nine persons were burnt to death in a ghastly motor accident at the 135 axis of the Enugu-Abakaliki express road on Tuesday. An eyewitness, Miss Oluchi Ikpe, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the accident happened around 10 a.m., adding that the… March 23, 2016 In "Top Stories" Lagos- No fewer than five persons, including a six-month old baby boy, were killed in a fire incident between Friday and Saturday in Lagos. The Director, Lagos State Fire Service, Mr Rasak Fadipe, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday. He said that four of the victims… April 19, 2015 In "News"