Big Brother Naija 2020 Housemates Florence Anyansi popularly known as Wathoni has opened up in a chat how she got pregnant as a Virgin at age 23. The beautiful young mother was a guest on Lolo CY show where she shared her story. She revealed how it all happened. She had an intense make out with her boyfriend at 23 while she was still a virgin. There was no penetrative sex as the guy only rubbed his manhood on her vag!na and he released. So she missed her period but didn’t take it serious as she knew that she was still a virgin and there was no how a virgin could get pregnant. But she finally found out that she was pregnant after 5 months. According to the housemate, she had to be operated on during delivery as she still can’t figure out how she got pregnant without having sex. The phenomenon called “Virgin Pregnancy” has been studied by researchers and In a survey of 7,870 pregnant women, they discovered that 0.8 percent of the women (45 total) reported becoming pregnant without having vaginal sex. Watch video below: Source Fomer Big Brother Naija Housemate Ifu Ennada has revealed an hidden story about herself, she revealed a touching rape and depression story on social media. Ifu Ennada revealed, she was raped in 2016 by someone in the entertainment industry and before then she was a Virgin and the person… March 20, 2018 In "Entertainment" BBNaija housemate Cee-c has claimed that her fellow housemate, Tobi, changed towards her after she revealed that she is a chaste woman A video of the controversial housemate revealing her secret to Teddy A had gone viral on social media, with people sharing mixed reactions about the revelation Big Brother… March 14, 2018 In "Entertainment" Diane made the disclosure during a game with fellow housemates, Omashola and Elo on Friday.  BBNaija, housemate, Diane has hinted on staying away from s*x until marriage. The BBNaija housemate made the remark while recalling how her aunt once made her take a vow using the Bible to stay away from… August 16, 2019 In "Entertainment"