Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro has again tested positive for COVID-19, the country’s Communications Ministry said on Wednesday. The 65-year-old is in good health, the ministry told dpa by email. “Bolsonaro has no fever and his breathing, heartbeat and blood pressure are normal,’’ CNN Brazil reported. The positive test result was at least the third for the far-right populist president, who for months downplayed the severity of the pandemic and still advocates keeping the economy open. Bolsonaro is currently working from his residence. Several of his ministers have also been diagnosed with COVID-19. Brazil recorded 41,008 new coronavirus cases and 1,367 deaths in the last 24-hour count, bringing the total to nearly 2.2 million infections and 81,487 deaths. The real figures are believed to be far higher due to insufficient testing. Brazil is the country most affected by COVID-19, after the U. S. “However, the infections no longer appear to be increasing as rapidly as before,’’ the World Health Organisation (WHO) said recently. (dpa/NAN) Skepticism is all about doubt, and as a philosophical concept and school of thought that ‘questions the possibility of certainty in knowledge’, it is not inherently bad. Science itself thrives on skepticism and intellectual curiosity. In actual fact, skepticism and inquisitiveness are major drivers of scientific discoveries or inventions. The… July 10, 2020 In "Opinion" Bogota - Brazil, on Tuesday, recorded its largest daily increase in deaths related to the novel coronavirus, data by the country’s Health Ministry showed. The country confirmed 1,262 new virus-related deaths, bringing the total toll to 31,199, according to the latest official figures. Tuesday’s daily jump was the steepest since… June 3, 2020 In "Foreign" Two Brazilian state governors who have criticized President Jair Bolsonaro’s calls to relax COVID-19 containment measures said Tuesday they had tested positive for the new coronavirus. Governors Wilson Witzel of Rio de Janeiro and Helder Barbalho of the northern state of Para both posted videos to Twitter announcing their diagnoses… April 15, 2020 In "Foreign"