The Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Mahmood Yakubu, has said that the commission remains committed to improving electoral processes in the country. According to him, one of the things it plans to implement in the coming year is the introduction of electronic balloting. Yakubu said the commission intends to introduce this during the Anambra elections, taking place in 2021. “The commission is committed to introducing at least electronic balloting in the major election we are going to conduct next year, which happens to be the Anambra governorship election and thereafter, with the support of the National Assembly, we hope that the legal environment will improve such that we can also go ahead to collate and transmit results electronically.” The INEC boss said this on Tuesday during a town hall meeting tagged Fixing Nigerian Elections, adding that “at present, the law doesn’t permit that because the system is essentially manual”. He made the comments while responding to a question about what he would like to improve about the electoral system in the country. “There are quite a number of issues, one of which is the deployment of technology,” the INEC boss said. “We would like a situation where the electoral legal environment is reformed in such a manner that will continue to deepen the deployment of technology in elections. “I am happy with what the commission has done since 2010. Recall that there is a trajectory. We started in 2010 with the biometric register of voters and so in 2011, the Commission essentially updated the biometric register and we did the same thing in 2014 and in 2017 and in 2018 over a period of 16 months in which we added 14.2 million Nigerians to the register. “The second is biometric accreditation of voters and there was an innovation introduced in 2015, the smart card readers that go along with the permanent voters’ card. “We have achieved that. We are looking forward (particularly with the 2015 amendment) to the electoral Act that empowers the commission to deepen the use of technology, in voting, particularly in the era of electronic voting, to see how far we can go a notch higher,” he added. Text (excluding headline): Channels TV.facebook sharing buttontwitter sharing buttonpinterest sharing buttonemail sharing buttonlinkedin sharing buttonwhatsapp sharing button Source With the Republican convention beginning in Cleveland with a theme of bringing law and order back to a fractured nation, Hillary Clinton told black leaders in Cincinnati on Monday that the country had “difficult, painful, essential work” ahead in rebuilding trust between African-Americans and police officers. “This madness has to… July 21, 2016 In "News" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Political analysts opine that cases of inconclusive elections in the country are rampant in Nigeria in recent times. They observe that inconclusive elections occurred recently in governorship elections in Taraba, Imo, Kogi, Bayelsa, Plateau, Akwa Ibom, Rivers and in the FCT Area Council elections, among others. While… July 22, 2016 In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Abuja   -     The Independent National Commission (INEC) has solicited the collaboration of Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and telecommunications operators for deployment of electronic devices in the conduct of 2019 general elections. Chairman of INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, made the appeal when he led… January 31, 2018 In "News"