By Peter Amine Jos –  The Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), Plateau Chapter, under the leadership of His Royal Highness, the Emir of Wase, Dr Muhammad Haruna urges Muslim faithful to strictly observe COVID-19 protocols during the Eid-el-Kabir celebration. “Observe the Eid with diligent adherence to the COVID-19 protocols as laid down by the government and also as directed by the Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs,” Alhaji Sani Mudi, State Publicity Secretary, JNI, said in a statement on Thursday. He expressed gratitude to Almighty Allah for yet another opportunity to celebrate Eid-el-Kabir. Mudi said that they were able to celebrate in spite of the turbulence humanity was passing through due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which had brought untold hardship and suffering to the world. “We are particularly glad about this year’s Eid in spite of its limited opportunities of worship and socials. “Muslims are enjoined to celebrate with the fear of Allah, show love and kindness to one another as well as neighbours, regardless of differences in belief and ethnicity. “Equally important to stress, is the need for prudent and judicious use of Allah’s endowment to us and show of compassion to the needy in view of the economic hardship currently being encountered,” he said. He reminded Muslims to remain faithful, law abiding and steadfast in prayer for the peace and progress of the state and nation in general. (NAN) By David Adeoye Ibadan - Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, has felicitated with the Muslim faithful in the state and across the world, on the occasion of the Eid-el-Kabir celebration. Makinde, in a Sallah message on Thursday in Ibadan by Mr Taiwo Adisa, his Chief Press Secretary, admonished Muslims… July 30, 2020 In "News" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - A Lagos lawmaker, Mr Gbolahan Yishawu, on Wednesday advised Muslims in the state to be careful about the COVID-19 pandemic while celebrating Eid-el-Kabir. Yishawu, a third-term lawmaker representing Eti-Osa Constituency II in the Lagos State House of Assembly, gave the advice in a statement. The… July 29, 2020 In "News" Sheikh Jamiu Bello-Kewulere, Grand Imam of Ekiti and President-General, League of Imam and Alfas in South-West Edo and Delta. By Yinusa Ishola Ado-Ekiti - Sheikh Jamiu Bello-Kewulere, the Grand Imam of Ekiti has directed Muslims in the state to observe the coming 2020 Eid-el-Kabir congregational prayer in their respective homes.… July 24, 2020 In "News"