The Commissioners of Education in 19 Northern States have supported the suspension of school reopening amid the pandemic by the Federal Government, The PUNCH reports. The commissioners made this known in a communique issued in Kaduna State on Saturday, after a virtual meeting to consider school reopening and other issues to strengthen the education sector. The communique was signed by the Commissioner of Education, Kaduna, Dr Shehu Makarfi, who is also the Chairman of the Northern States School Exchange Programme. The meeting was attended by commissioners of 13 of the 19 northern states namely, Kaduna, Bauchi, Gombe, Niger, Nasarawa, Adamawa, Taraba, Kogi, Kwara, Katsina, Kano, Borno and Jigawa. The commissioners applauded the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, for taking a decisive stand against school reopening and pledged their full support. According to them, keeping schools closed considering the spike in cases of COVID-19 across the country is a sure step in ensuring that children remain safe. “We have, therefore, resolved that schools should be reopened only when it is safe to do so and when states have complied with the minimum COVID-19 safety protocols as outlined by the NCDC. “We will also participate in the West African Senior School Certificate Examination and other examinations only when it is safe to reopen schools and when coordinated by the Federal Ministry of Education,” they said. The commissioners also resolved to carry out a holistic assessment of schools to determine safety status for reopening and submit reports to their respective governors for consideration. “Schools’ infrastructure, such as dilapidated classrooms, students’ hostels, source of safe water, sanitary facilities, including hand washing equipment and security are critical and should be improved. “We will equally clear schools of bushes and grasses, as well as fumigate school’s surroundings to support learning and ensure safety when schools resume,” they said. They, however, appealed to the Federal Government to support states in putting safety measures in place for school reopening. By Oluwakemi Oladipo Lagos - Some education stakeholders on Thursday expressed divergent viewpoints on Federal Government’s postponement of the Senior Secondary Certificate Examination in Nigeria due to the raging COVID-19 pandemic.In separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, the stakeholders also spoke on the suspension of… July 9, 2020 In "News" An aid to President Muhammadu Buhari, Tolu Ogunlesi, has debunked rumours of a fixed date for the reopening of schools across the country. Recall that since the outbreak of coronavirus, schools all over the country have been on shutdown. However, Ogunlesi on his Twitter handle wrote: “The news circulating about… May 28, 2020 In "News" Oyo State Government has modified the resumption of schools slated for June 29. Accordingly to the new arrangement, only teachers are to resume on June 29th while the terminal classes students resume a week later. The Government had earlier directed all terminal classes including Primary Six (Pry 6), Junior Secondary… June 23, 2020 In "News"