By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State)  –  Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, has refuted claims that he was dumping the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). In a statement signed by his Media Aide, Olumide Akinrinlola, on Monday in Okitipupa, Tofowomo said that he did not at anytime contemplate resigning his membership of the PDP. He said that he would not disappoint the electorate and his party, PDP, who gave him all the necessary support to become a Senator of the Federal Republic. Tofowomo urged his supporters, followers and the public to disregard the rumour making the round that he had perfected plans to defect to APC. “I have no plan of dumping the PDP for the APC for whatever reasons because I will never disappoint no fewer than 81,000 that elected me to become a Senator of the Federal Republic on PDP platform. ”I remain committed to PDP and I will continue to do my best to fulfil my campaign promises to the good people of Ondo South. ”My supporters, followers and the public should disregard any rumour peddling on the social media that I have perfected plans to defect to the APC,” Tofowomo said. (NAN). By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo (PDP-Ondo) has formally welcomed the state Deputy Governor, Mr Agboola Ajayi to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ajayi on June 21 decamped from the All Progressives Congress (APC) to PDP and received… June 23, 2020 In "Politics" By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, has predicted that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) would defeat the current All Progressives Congress (APC) admistration in the state 2020 gubernatorial election. Sen. Tofowomo in a statement by his media… December 31, 2019 In "Politics" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Monday in Okitipupa, Ondo State, declared Ondo South Senatorial election inconclusive. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Otunba Nicholas Tofowomo of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) polled 79,029 votes, while his closest rival, the current Senator, Mr Yele Omogunwa of the All… February 25, 2019 In "Politics"