Fire has gutted the popular Ajao market in the Ajao area of Lagos State, The PUNCH reports. It was gathered that the incident started around 1am on Wednesday. Although the cause of the fire incident was yet to be ascertained, our correspondent learnt that the inferno started around a shopping mall close to the market and had extended into the main Ajao market. Properties worth millions of naira were said to have been destroyed as the fire had affected some adjoining buildings and made residents flee for safety. Emergency responders, including the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, Lagos State Fire Service, and men of the Nigeria Police Force are on ground to manage the situation. LASEMA spokesperson, Nosa Okunbor, while confirming the incident, said no casualty was yet to be recorded. He said, “There is a fire outbreak there. It started around 1am but we are there already. From all indications, the Ajao Main Market has a small shopping mall and from what we gathered, the fire started from the shopping mall and extended to the main market and affected some adjoining buildings. “But the LASEMA Response Team and other stakeholders, including the Lagos State Fire Service and the police are already on ground to quell the fire. No casualty has been recorded for now.” Source Badoo Killings: Police in Lagos Commence Screening of 138 Suspects July 3, 2017 In "Top Stories" Lagos -  No fewer than 40 lock-up shops with different auto spare parts worth millions of naira were, on Wednesday morning, destroyed by early morning fire at the Ladipo Auto-Market in Mushin, Lagos State. The Director, Lagos State Fire Service, Mr Rasak Fadipe, who confirmed this to the News Agency… May 18, 2016 In "News" It was an awful Saturday for many traders at Olaleye Market, Shomolu, Lagos State, as a night fire razed 227 shops in the marketplace, Sunday PUNCH reports. The fire which started around 2am reportedly raged for hours, destroying goods and other items estimated at millions of naira. Sunday PUNCH learnt… May 31, 2020 In "Metro"