LOKOJA – The remains of a Nigerian Army Captain, GSM Abubakar who was killed along Lokoja- Okene highway has been moved to his hometown in Niger state for burial. A source close to the mortuary unit of the Federal Medical Centre,  Lokoja told our correspondent that the family of the deceased and and few men in military uniform had just come to collect the remains of the slain army officer at about 1.45 pm on Tuesday afternoon in a military ambulance. Capt Abubakar serving at 353 artillery Ojo cartonment was said to have been killed on Sunday by suspected armed robbers when he was traveling in his Honda civic car. His wife and mother were said to have been abducted by the men of the underworld. Meanwhile, it was gathered that a detachment of military personnel at the Army Record Lokoja and SARS operatives are still combing the forest to rescue the abducted wife and mother of the slain officer. The death of the army officer was said to have caused panic to motorists plying the Abuja- Lokoja-Okene highway as scores of people have been kidnapped while some were killed. (Daily Sun) By Friday Idachaba Lokoja -  The Police on Wednesday in Lokoja paraded 30 inter-state armed robbery and kidnap suspects terrorising Kogi and the neighbouring states. Parading the suspects, the Force Public Relations Officer, Jimoh Moshood (CSP) said those arrested included some who allegedly kidnapped and killed an expatriate engineer with… December 27, 2017 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) has said it has uncovered seven secret graveyards in three states where defenceless pro-Biafra activists were buried following crackdown carried out by the Nigerian Army between August 30, 2015 and September… August 28, 2018 In "Top Stories" Lokoja   -     The Nigerian Army has confirmed the killing of three kidnap suspects and a soldier in Kogi during a rescue operation on Tuesday. The spokesman of the Command Army Records, Lokoja, Capt. Weri Finikumor, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on phone in Lokoja that… February 28, 2018 In "News"