A shocking viral video circulating on social media reveals about 5000 dead human beings found buried alive after police raided the house of a ‘juju’ man reported to be residing in Nigeria. Amid the atrocities going on in this cruel world, there are still some wicked people out there who have decided to do insane things like the story of a Togolese ritualist who has been arrested for been found with over 5,000 dead bodies. According to a video posted on Instagram by executivenews, the dead bodies buried underneath a huge pit with some of which were buried alive and some having only the remains of their skeleton. According to the Instagram blogger known as executive_news, amid the arrest of the ‘juju’ man, it is alleged that people were queueing to bring people for ritual money of which they have already paid for. Shocking right? “This man from Togo is where Nigerians especially the Yorubas, troupe to for money rituals, police recently raided the compound and discovered 2000 people who have been dried like stock fish,500 persons buried alive and thousands of skeletons, this man and his over thirty servants were picked up,it was later discovered that over,5000 Nigerians, Togolese, Beninoise and nationalities from Africa are in queues waiting for their turns for the rituals which they have paid for…. MAY GOD DESTROY THIS GENERATION..AMEN” executive_news stated. This attests to the reality that some money-obsessed people haven’t changed regardless of all that is going on in the world today. Some people are ever ready to go far and do extreme things such as this to get money or whichever the purpose of murdering all of those souls. Thankfully, the ritualist won’t kill anymore, we hope, as has been arrested. Watch video below: Police recently raided the compound of this man from Togo and discovered 2000 people who have been dried like stock fish,500 persons buried alive and thousands of skeletons, this man and his over thirty servants were picked up. pic.twitter.com/FzkBPXGvRF GHPAGE Abuja (Sundiata Post)  - For some time, there have been reports that some ritualists, also known as ‘Yahoo boys’, have been stealing female underwear, sometimes at gunpoint, particularly around campuses of tertiary institutions in Delta State. Although the veracity of the claims that such stolen undies are used for ritual… December 22, 2018 In "News" Ikire (Osun) -  Suspected killers of Miss Favour Daley-Oladele on Saturday narrated the gory details of how the  final year Sociology student of Lagos State University (LASU) was gruesomely murdered for money rituals at Ikoyi-Ile in Osun. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the three principal suspects gave… January 4, 2020 In "News" According to The Nation, three suspected ritualists have told the police that their native doctor asked them to get the skulls of people they know for rituals. Sunday Mathew (52), Samuel Olaniyi (65) and Uchenna Olewunne (49) were arrested with a human skull on July 6, 2019, at Iju, near… July 15, 2019 In "Metro"