The Actors Guild of Nigeria AGN, have replied actress Lala Akindoju, who called the leadership of the association after they paid a visit to new mom and actress, Regina Daniels, and her billionaire husband, Ned Nwoko to congratulate them on their new baby In a statement released this night, Monalisa Chinda Coker, the Director of Communications of the AGN, said ordinarily the organization would not dignify Lala’s ”repugnant and uninformed comment” but it is compelled to explain the reason the some members visited Regina and her husband. Read the statement below; ”Our attention has been drawn to an unsavoury statement by An Actress though not an AGN Member. Kemi Lala Akindoju on social media about the visit of the President of the Actors Guild of Nigeria to Mrs Regina Daniel Nwoko, one of our members who recently gave birth to a baby. Ordinarily, the AGN would not dignify such repugnant, uninformed comment with any response. In this case however, it is important to correct a few impressions without joining issues with a non-member of the guild. And we also advise you crosscheck your facts before making allusions. The simple intent is to establish our position and intimate the public on our policy direction and efforts of the present leadership to extend genuine care for every member of the guild. 1.An actor’s registration as a member instantly confers on him or her the privileges due to members which includes protection in their professional quests, welfare packages in their moments of need, celebration of their triumphs and many more. Once again, we therefore reaffirm our commitment to professionalism and unbridled responsibility to the welfare of our members. It is the crystal goal of the Emeka Ejezie Rollas led Executive to bring about lasting change in and transformation of the industry as a whole. We will remain undaunted and we will deliver the goods to our esteemed members. Finally, it is expedient to add that visiting Mrs. Nwoko was not just ordinary but significant for us because beyond holding the leadership of our noble Guild in the highest esteem, she also reached out to us to break the good news upon delivery of her bouncing baby boy. It is also pertinent to note that Mrs. Nwoko’s Mother, Rita Daniel is the able Vice President, South South in the current executive council of the Guild. Her husband, Rt. Hon. Prince Ned Nwoko is the current Chairman, National Board of Patrons of the Actors Guild of Nigeria. This makes it absolutely germaine for the National President, who arrived Abuja on an official assignment to make time out for courtesy and congratulatory visit to a committed guild member. The National President is also scheduled to reach out to other members who have various health challenges and reach out to the vulnerables with palliatives. Kindly visit our website to read more about our numerous reach out efforts at such a time as this – www.actorsguildnigeria.com Source Nigerian actress, Regina Daniels’ billionaire husband, Ned Nwoko, has thrown his philanthropic weight behind the Actors Guild of Nigeria (AGN), Sun News reports. The Niger Delta prince doled out N10 million to the association when members led by the president, Emeka Rollas, paid him a courtesy visit recently. AGN had… August 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Young Nollywood star, Regina Daniels, is enjoying all the glitz associated with befriending billionaire businessman and politician Ned Nwoko. The last few days saw Regina making numerous public appearances with Nwoko. The secret marriage of the love birds is no longer looking like one of the tales from Nollywood, writes Ferdinand… June 5, 2019 In "Metro" Senator-elect for Delta North Senatorial District, Prince Ned Nwoko married all of his six wives as virgins, Regina Daniels being the newest of his wives, Frontline News Online has been told. According to sources close to the former member of the House of Representatives, he places chastity high on his… May 21, 2019 In "Entertainment"