By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta  – Ogun government has directed all secondary school teachers in the state to resume on Monday, Aug. 3 ahead of the West African Senior Secondary Schools Examination (WASSCE) scheduled for Aug. 17. The Special Adviser to the Governor on Primary and Secondary Education, Mrs Ronke Soyombo, gave this directive in Abeokuta on Friday. Soyombo quoted Gov. Dapo Abiodun of Ogun as saying that the aim was to enable the teachers work with their principals in preparation for students’ resumption on Aug. 4. Abiodun said the directive was for teachers in public and private schools to enable them assist in the distribution of materials provided by the state government for the examinations. He said all guidelines stipulated by the government for the students’ resumption were to be followed strictly by all school administrators. He enjoined all stakeholders to cooperate with the state government to ensure safe return to schools. “The Ogun state government wishes to inform the general public that all Senior Secondary School Three students both in the public and private schools will resume to school on August 4 in readiness for an intensive revision classes ahead of their WASSCE. “The revision exercise is being put in place to cover the academic gaps and lapses for students that could not follow the virtual classes tagged Ogundigiclass put in place by the state government while they were at home. “The concerned students are to resume to their individual schools on Tuesday, August 4,” he said. (NAN) Lagos and Ogun have said only pupils in Senior Secondary School (SSS) 3 class will resume to sit for the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) in Lagos and Ogun. This comes after the Federal Government on Monday said the examination would begin on August 17 and that schools… July 29, 2020 In "Education" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - The Ogun government says it will soon appoint and inaugurate Principals-General for the four educational zones in the state.Mrs Ronke Soyombo, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Primary and Secondary Education, stated this while presenting the achievements of the State Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM)… July 24, 2020 In "Education" LAGOS - Many students of private primary and secondary schools in Lagos on Monday reported to start a new academic session in spite of resumption postponement. The state Governor, Mr Babatunde Fashola, on Sunday announced Oct. 8 as the new resumption date. Fashola made the announcement at an interactive session… September 22, 2014 In "News"