By Mohammed Baba Busu  Lafia  – Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State, has reiterated his administration’s commitment to implementing an all-inclusive leadership style in the interest of people’s welfare and development. Sule made the pledge on Friday when a delegation from the Nyankpa Development Association in Panda Development Area visited him in Lafia. The governor said that such leadership style would give all the strata of the state a sense of belonging in the scheme of things. “This will not only fast track development across the state, it will give the communities a sense of belonging and make them to contribute meaningfully to the development of the state. He commended the association for the visit and assured of his administration’s continued commitment to evolving policies that would have positive impacts on the people. Sule said that his administration was working hard to provide basic infrastructure in communities across the state to improve their standard of living “We are working hard in the construction of the Panda/Gitata/ Mararaba road, this road will ease traffic and open investment opportunities in that axis when completed. “Our appeal is that our communities should live in peace and tolerate one another so that development can thrive. Earlier, the Leader of the delegation, Dr Dogara Okara, said the visit was to commend the governor for his rural development programmes. He urged the governor to implement more people-oriented projects such as feeder roads in the rural areas of the state. A first class traditional ruler and Odyong Nyankpa of Panda, Joel Aninge, assured the governor of the people’s support through prayers and productive inputs to governance. (NAN) By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - The Nasarawa State Government has tasked magistrates in the state to live up to public expectations by ensuring speedy dispensation of justice. Gov Abdullahi Sule said such would be in the interest of peace and for the overall development of the state. Sule gave… February 20, 2020 In "Politics" By Isaac Ukpoju Lafia - Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State on Monday assented to the state’s 2020 Appropriation Bill of N108.4 billion passed by the state assembly. Sule, while signing the budget at the Government House in Lafia, urged members of the state executive council to ensure its effective implementation… December 30, 2019 In "News" By Awayi Kuje Lafia, - Nasarawa State Governor-elect, Abdullahi Sule, has assured stakeholders in the state that he will work with competent people for the peace, progress and development of the state, after inauguration on May 29. Sule made this known on Tuesday while receiving a delegation of Eggon nation… May 21, 2019 In "News"