OWERRI (SundiataPost) – The President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, on Monday visited the Imo State Government House in Owerri to see Governor Hope Uzodinma. “Chief Nwodo indicated that he visited to commiserate with the Government and people of Imo State on the killing of an Imo citizen in Oguta by Fulani herdsmen last week and to acquaint himself with what the State Government has done about the incident and measures put in place to prevent such further violent attacks,” according to the Ohanaeze Ndigbo resident-General’s Special Adviser on Media & Publicity Emeka Attamah. Attamah did not indicate Senator Uzodinma’s response on the issue but said in a statement that “the Governor used the opportunity to urge Igbo unity and Igbo cooperation with the Federal Government. “Chief Nwodo in response urged the Governor to prevail on the Federal Government to stop its marginalisation policy against the South East,” the statement said. It added that “the governor promised to use his good offices to bring about better relations between the Federal Government and the Igbo.” (News Express) Abuja (Sundiata Post)  - Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), on Saturday, accused Ohanaeze Ndogo,  South East Governors,  Politicians and traditional rulers of Conspiracy of Silence over the arrest and detention of more than 100 Igbo women in owerri,  Imo State.    The IPOB, in a statement signed by its Media and… August 26, 2018 In "Top Stories" •Enugu SSG, Prof. Simon Ortuanya ENUGU - The Enugu State Government has directed the Management of ESUT Teaching Hospital Parklane, Enugu, to immediately carry out an autopsy on the body of Mrs. Regina Mba of Nchatancha Nike in Enugu East Local Government Area, who was reportedly killed by herdsmen recently.… August 25, 2019 In "Top Stories" An Igbo adage states: when a deity starts giving much trouble, it will be shown the wood from which it was carved. There are lines that are never crossed in culture and tradition, and in national life. Such red lines keep the society going, cohesive and coherent. And the Igbo… July 1, 2020 In "Opinion"