By Harrison Arubu New York –  U.S. Secretary of State, Michael Pompeo, has hailed United Kingdom’s decision to ban Chinese telecom giant, Huawei, from its 5G networks. Reacting to the UK’s move through his official Twitter handle, Pompeo said the decision would ”advance transatlantic security”. He added that it would also protect the privacy of citizens, national security and “free-world values” in the 5G era. UK’s Digital and Culture Minister, Oliver Dowden, announced the ban while addressing the House of Commons on Tuesday, according to the BBC. Dowden reportedly said the ban was necessitated by new U.S. sanctions on the embattled Chinese company in May that had “significantly changed” the landscape. “Given the uncertainty this creates around Huawei’s supply chain, the UK can no longer be confident it will be able to guarantee the security of future Huawei 5G equipment,” he said. The decision is a big win for the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, which has been pressuring allies to cut Huawei off their 5G networks. The administration accuses the Chinese government of using the company to conduct cyber espionage, an accusation the company strongly denies. In 2019, the U.S. government threatened to severe intelligence sharing ties with allies that patronise Huawei 5G products. The government went further to ban the sale of conductors with U.S. technology to Huawei regardless of where they are produced in the world. In June, Pompeo declared that “the tide is turning against Huawei as citizens around the world are waking up to the danger of the Chinese Communist Party’s surveillance state.” (NAN) London - Chinese technology firm Huawei said Sunday that it remains “open to discussions” with the British government and is working closely with its customers to find ways of managing the proposed U.S. restrictions so Britain can maintain its current lead in 5G. The U.S. Department of Commerce has announced… July 6, 2020 In "Foreign" Paris - Huawei will build a factory in France whatever the French government’s decision on whether to use the firm’s equipment in its new 5G network. An executive at the Chinese telecoms giant said on Wednesday. Huawei, the world’s biggest telecom equipment maker, said last week that it planned to… March 4, 2020 In "Foreign" Beijing - China on Friday denounced U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for fabricating rumours after he said that the chief executive of China’s Huawei Technologies Co Ltd lied about his company’s ties to the Beijing government. The U.S. placed Huawei on a trade blacklist recently, effectively banning U.S. firms… May 24, 2019 In "Foreign"