By EricJames Ochigbo  Abuja  –  The House of Representatives ad hoc Committee investigating the relocation of petroleum tank farms in residential areas says it will visit farm sites in Port Harcourt, Delta and Lagos State. The chairman of the committee, Rep. Sergius Ogun (PDP-Edo), stated this during an investigative hearing of the committee on Wednesday in Abuja. He said that the essence of the visit scheduled to begin on Aug. 17, was to to undertake a first-hand assessment of the prevailing situations in the farm sites. The chairman urged all chief executive officers of the farms to be present and make relevant approval documents available during the exercise. Earlier, Mr Gomwalk Celestine, Assistant Director, Evaluation and Analysis, Federal Ministry of Environment, said that some tank farms had no permit from the ministry. “Some tank farms in Delta and Lagos do not have permit from the ministry to site their farms in their current locations. “In some cases, construction work would have started even before the ministry issues Environmental Impact Assessment,” he said. Mr Bashir Sadiq, Head, Petroleum Deports and Jetties, Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), said that there was a minimum fire control requirement before approval could be given to tank farms. According to him, the law establishing the DPR does not require that the ministry of environment should be consulted before approvals are given. He said the DPR was acting on the platform of the powers bestowed on it by the Petroleum Act, saying, “all that we have done is in consonance with the law. “The Petroleum Act predates the establishment of the Federal Ministry of Environment and when it was established, the DPR Act was not changed to create a role for the ministry in the oil sector. (NAN) •Representative of NNPC GMD and NNPC Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Umar Ajiya, exchanging pleasantries with the chairman of the House of Representatives Ad-hoc Committee on Relocation of Tank Farms and Depot from Residential Areas, Hon. Sergius Ogun (left) after the hearing at the National Assembly, Abuja… Wednesday. ABUJA (SundiataPost) -… July 15, 2020 In "News" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabimila has inaugurated an ad hoc committee to facilitate the relocation of oil tank farms in residential areas. Gbajabimila who inaugurated the committee on Wednesday in Abuja, charged the lawmaker to act fast to prevent any… July 15, 2020 In "News" Abuja -  The House of Representatives on Tuesday commenced investigation into activities of the Joint Military Task Force (JTF) in the Niger Delta. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the house is investigating alleged burning and destruction of equipment seized from illegal refinery operators in the area by… November 3, 2015 In "Top Stories"