(From left) Mr Peter Nwabuisi, Senior Sales and marketing Manager, Air Liquide; Mr Paschal Achunine, Executive Director, HEI; Mrs Taiwo Wellington, Gbagada General Hospital; Mr Ayodele Ilesanmi, Director, Administration and Human Resource and the Medical Director Gbagada General Hospital, Dr Adeleke Kaka By Abiodun Azi Lagos –   The Health Emergency Initiative (HEI), in collaboration with Air Liquide, on Thursday donated 120 PP metres of Oxygen to Gbagada General Hospital, Lagos. Briefing newsmen after the donation, Mr Peter Nwabuisi, the Senior Sales and Marketing Manager, Air Liquide, said that the Oxygen was key for COVID-19 patients. Nwabuisi said that Air Liquide had chosen to take a stand, by identifying with the COVID-19 patients’ plights and ameliorate what they were going through in order to get better. He said that Air Liquide offered the Oxygen piping, which had been in Nigeria as far back as 1960. Also, Mr Paschal Achunine, Executive Director, Health Emergency Initiative (HEI), said that Air Liquide, which partnered with the NGO, was provider of the Oxygen and other Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) donated to the hospital. Achunine said that the NGO needed more corporate organisations to key into the provision and donation of PPE to hospitals. The executive director said that some might not have time to go to the hospital, but they could check HEI track record and build on its existing structure. He said that we could flatten the curve of COVID-19 pandemic, if more PPE could get to the hospital. Achunine, therefore, called on corporate organisations to key into the provision of PPE for frontline health workers. He said that since the emergence of COVID-19 in Nigeria, HEI had donated PPE to over 3,000 health workers across 17 hospitals in Lagos. Also, the Medical Director, Gbagada General Hospital, Dr Adeleke Kaka, said that health workers at the frontline needed to be protected. Kaka said that the hospital had discussion with HEI to help those patients in need. He said that there was still room for more donations, and also appreciated the donation by Air Liquide through HEI. Other items donated were: Flow Metres, Humidifier, for the supply of Oxygen, branded Nose Masks and five cartoons of Vitamin C to Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH) ANNEX, Gbagada GeneralHospital and Gbagada Isolation Centre. (NAN)  February 1, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday gave a matching order to the Coordinating Minister of the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala; the Governor Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emiefule and the Nigeria National Petroleum Cooperation (NNPC) to ensure an end to the fuel… March 4, 2015 In "News" Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign"