Sofia –  Former Bulgaria striker Dimitar Berbatov believes Gareth Bale’s time with Real Madrid is up after his disrespectful behaviour during his team’s 2-0 win over Alaves in La Liga on Saturday. The Welshman infuriated Real fans as he joked about falling asleep with a protective face mask over his eyes while watching the game in Madrid from the stands. “Gareth Bale is in the headlines again for pretending to sleep in the stands when he found out he was going to be an unused substitute. “When I saw it I couldn’t believe it. I watched him put his mask over his eyes and pretend to be asleep. “I cannot support that. It is unprofessional and disrespectful to Real Madrid. “Madrid need to find a solution to the Bale saga. It’s not good for Bale or the team,” Berbatov told Betfair. Former Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur striker Berbatov thinks Bale, who joined Real from Spurs in 2013, should move on. “The only solution is for Bale to leave Real Madrid. If I was a Real Madrid fan and saw a player disrespecting the team like that, it would be too much. “Bale should be asking for a solution, even if it is a loan move. “It was a show of power, it was if he was saying: ‘Play me or I’ll do whatever I want.’ That doesn’t sit right with me,” he said. (Reuters/NAN) Reacting, Saunders branded Zidane's comment as disgraceful, adding that the former Tottenham Hotspur star does not deserve that from Real Madrid coach.  Zinedine Zidane A former Liverpool striker, Dean Saunders has criticised Real Madrid manager, Zinedine Zidane, for saying that it would be best for everyone if forward Gareth Bale leaves… July 22, 2019 In "Sports" Monaco has told Real Madrid they will need to pay €90 million [£70m] if they are to sign Colombia's World Cup sensation James Rodriguez, Goal understands. The Ligue 1 club do not want to sell the leading scorer of Brazil 2014 although they have taken heed of James's desire to join Madrid, with the 23-year-old recently stating that… July 17, 2014 In "Sports" Madrid - Real Madrid coach, Zinedine Zidane said on Tuesday he cannot envisage his side parting with France defender Raphael Varane but he could not give any guarantees about the future of winger, Gareth Bale. French newspaper L’Equipe reported last month that World Cup winner Varane was looking to leave… April 2, 2019 In "Sports"