Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers, on Thursday, invaded the private residence of a retired director of the Area Council Service Commission (ACSC), Alhaji Attahiru Abdullahi Pandagi, along Agyana road, Abaji, and abducted eight of his children. The victims are; Jibrin, 26 years old; Bashir, 24; Jamilu 26; Abdullahi 24; Abdulrahman 25; Abubakar 23; Muazu 22 and Isah, 12 years old. Daily Trust learnt that the gunmen, divided themselves into three groups and launched simultaneous attack on Anguwar Sabon – Tasha and a bush bar opposite FRSC office in the area. The father of the victims, Alhaji Attahiru Abdullahi Pandagi, while speaking with our reporter at his residence, said some of the kidnappers scaled through the fence at the back yard while others took positions. He said the gunmen entered the boys quarters where his children were sleeping and took them away at gun point, even as he said he was not at home when the incident happened. “In fact, one of them even asked my wife where is Isah, which showed that an informant has hand in this attack,” he said. It was gathered that some vigilante members guarding residents of senior staff quarters in the area repelled the attack during a shoot out with the kidnappers, which forced them to flee the area. A close aide to the chairman of the council, Alhaji Abdulrahman Ajiya, who preferred anonymity, said the council chairman was terrified by the attack and has left to brief the FCT minister about the latest attack by kidnappers in the area. “The chairman was worried over the latest attack by kidnappers and he has left for Abuja to brief the minister about the incident,” he said. It would be recalled that some gunmen had, early this week, abducted daughter of an APC chieftain, Mrs Hasiya Gimba Bako, in the area and demanded N2 million ransom. When contacted, the spokesman of the FCT police command, DSP Anjuguri Manza, confirmed the kidnapped incident, saying efforts were ongoing to rescue the victims. (Daily Trust) Breaking: Gunmen Kidnap 27-year-old Businessman In Sokoto – NSCDC June 20, 2017 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Gunmen have abducted the daughter of the former Vice-Chancellor of the Ahamdu Bello University (ABU) Zaria, Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, from their residence in Zaria, Kaduna State. According to a statement by the spokesperson of the Kaduna State Police command, DSP Yakubu Sabo, the gunmen stormed the… February 10, 2020 In "Top Stories" The elder brother of Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State, Alhaji Adamu Mohammed Duguri, has recounted his ordeals in the hands of kidnappers. He declared that N50 million ransom was paid to secure his release. Duguri, who regained freedom after spending 13 days in kidnappers’ den, said security agents had… April 22, 2020 In "News"