Burnley (UK)  –  John Egan grabbed an 80th minute equaliser as Sheffield United earned a 1-1 draw at Burnley in the English Premier League (EPL) on Sunday. James Tarkowski had given the home side a first half lead. The result, at a windy and cold Turf Moor, leaves both teams still in contention for a Europa League place. But it also provided some justice for the Yorkshire side who certainly did not deserve to leave Lancashire empty-handed. Sheffield United are eighth on 48 points from 33 games with Burnley ninth on 46, a point ahead of Tottenham Hotspur who host Everton on Monday. Matej Vydra missed a good early chance for Burnley, shooting wide after being put through by Erik Pieters. Sheffield United went close when Sander Berge forced a good save out of goalkeeper Nick Pope from close range. The Clarets grabbed the lead, two minutes before the interval. Dwight McNeil floated in a free kick which was flicked on by Jay Rodriguez and Tarkowski slid to turn the ball in at the back post. Although the visitors were on top in midfield for good stretches of the game, Burnley should have doubled their lead in the 76th minute. That was when a long range Rodriguez effort was parried out by goalkeeper Dean Henderson straight to McNeil but the 20-year-old could not find the target. It was to prove a costly miss as Sheffield United drew level four minutes later. An emphatic finish from Egan at the back post after Billy Sharp had glanced on a cross from George Baldock did the job. Egan’s goal was his first in the Premier League and means he has now scored in all four professional divisions in English football. (Reuters/NAN) Liverpool (UK) - Two goals each for Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane helped Liverpool to keep in touch with English Premier League (EPL) leaders Manchester City on Sunday. Juergen Klopp’s side secured a 4-2 win over lowly Burnley at Anfield on Sunday to move to 73 points, one point behind… March 10, 2019 In "Sports" Burnley (UK) - Crystal Palace moved further away from the Premier League relegation zone with a 3-1 win at fellow strugglers Burnley on Saturday. The Londoners puklep the victory thanks to second half goals from Michy Batshuayi and Wilfried Zaha. Palace took the lead in the 15th minute when Jeffrey… March 2, 2019 In "Sports" Abuja -  Premier League leaders Manchester City paid the price for missed chances as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Burnley on Saturday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a Johann Berg Gudmundsson’s 82nd minute equaliser ensured that the hosts earned a share of the spoil… February 3, 2018 In "Sports"