By Osagie Otabor, Akure Ondo Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has unveiled a former Commissioner in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) Lucky Aiyedatiwa as his running mate for the October 10 governorship poll. Akeredolu, who spoke at the swearing-in of new aides, said Aiyedatiwa possessed verifiable credentials. The Governor stated the decision to pick Aiyedatiwa was taken after wide consultations with party leaders. According to him, “The leaders of the party have made wide consultations to choose the most suitable candidate as running mate in the forthcoming gubernatorial election in the state. We have concluded that Mr. Lucky Orimisan Aiyedatiwa is the appropriate choice given the prevailing circumstances in the political arena at present. Read Also: Akeredolu’s burden of reconciliation in Ondo APC”This person has been with us since the beginning of this political journey in 2012. In arriving at this choice, some important factors assisted the leaders of this great party. We have decided to sever ties with mediocrity and treachery. ADVERTISEMENT“There is indeed no art to find the mind’s construction in the face. We are also not in any position to change yesterday. We must, however, allow the experiences of the immediate past to guide our decision. ” A candidate with verifiable credentials and pedigree has been chosen to complete the last part of the gubernatorial race. We may not have chosen a saint and the best but let it not be said that we, either wittingly or otherwise, settle for an avowed hater of human beings and good things, an enemy of his own people and a serial forger. We owe our people the duty of care in this regard”.  Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi, has said that Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has 21 days to hand over power to him or the constitution would be invoked. Governor Akeredolu, who is currently receiving treatment for COVID-19, had on Friday vowed that he would not hand over to his Deputy… July 4, 2020 In "Politics" Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftains are warming up for next year’s governorship election in Ondo State. Correspondent DAMISI OJO writes on the scramble for power in the Sunshine State. Although the guidelines for next year’s governorship election in Ondo State are yet to be released… June 22, 2015 In "News" By Segun Giwa Akure - An interest group under the All Progressives Congress (APC), Aketi Women Campaign Network, has advocated for a female deputy governorship candidate from the party.The Coordinator of the group, Princess Adebunmi Osadahun, said this during a solidarity gathering on Tuesday in Akure.According to her, it is… July 28, 2020 In "Politics"