Hadi Sirika, the Minister of Aviation, on Thursday said only travellers would be allowed inside airport terminals. According to Daily Trust, he had on Wednesday announced that Abuja and Lagos airports would resume domestic operations on July 8; and Kano, Port Harcourt, Owerri and Maiduguri airports, July 11. Sirika, in an interactive session with members of Senate Committee on Aviation in Abuja, said: “All those who have no business in travelling will certainly not be allowed to enter the airport. “So, anybody coming into the airports this time around, whether as a personality, ministers, or even honourable members and senators, will not be carrying their aides into the airports any longer.” “So, the VIPs should help us and take responsibility, and ensure that they don’t add to our problems in the country.” He said machines that process passengers faster had been installed at the airports. On whether passenger capacity of aircrafts would be trimmed down due to social distancing protocol, Sirika said his ministry was working with the airlines to come up with protocols before reopening. He, however, allayed fears of any significant increase in airfare. “Price is not in my hand, but like I said, with what we have put in place, I do not think that anything significant will happen to affect the propensity to fly,” he said. Source By Kingsley Okoye/Naomi Sharang Abuja - Aviation Minister Hadi Sirika on Thursday disclosed that aides of Very Important Persons (VIPs), and politicians without any business traveling would not be allowed to enter the airports when domestic flights would resume. Sirika made the disclosure at an interactive session with members of… July 2, 2020 In "News" By Yunus Yusuf Ikeja - The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has held dry run simulation exercises at domestic terminals of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja and Murtala Muhammed Airport, Lagos. Mrs Henrietta Yakubu, the General Manager, Corporate Communications, FAAN, confirmed the development in a statement issued in… June 27, 2020 In "News" By Sumaila Ogbaje, The onerous task of ridding Nigerian airports of decayed infrastructure has remained the major concern of the Minister of State for Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, since his assumption of office. Sirika believes that as much as the beautification of Nigerian airports is desirable, the safety of passengers… February 6, 2017 In "Features"