It is no longer news that BBNaija housemate, Kiddwaya is the son of a Nigerian billionaire. However, his father’s house made of gold with versace customized interiors has left social media users talking. The business mogul Chief Terry Waya is a prominent billionaire who goes by the nickname Mr. Versace. Mr. Versace is a 55-year-old businessman who hails from the Tiv speaking part of Benue State but is currently based in the United Kingdom, London precisely. He is known for his luxurious lifestyle which explains why he is fondly called Mr. Versace. Terry has undying love for “Versace” which is a major reason his home interiors are versace customized. Reports have it that he became popular after his 40th birthday celebration which took place in the United Kingdom and was graced by prominent personalities. In one of his photographs, he was spotted with popular Nigerian senator, Dino Melaye. We also chanced on some pictures of his gold plated home with versace customized interiors and they are in deed beautiful sights to behold. See more photos below: Source Controversial journalist, Kemi Olunloyo has shared pictures of Hushpuppi associates allegedly arrested with him by INTERPOL in Dubai. Kemi Olunloyo shared the details on her social media page where she wrote; "THREAD ON THE ARREST OF BILLIONAIRE REAL ESTATE MOGUL Ray HushPuppi HushPuppi was arrested yesterday in Dubai at his… June 11, 2020 In "News" Big Brother Naija 2020 housemate, Kidd Waya was caught on camera last night while attempting to fondle the breasts of pretty female housemate, Erica, without her consent. The incident happened during the BBNaija Lockdown first Saturday night party. Erica, however, reacted swiftly by shoving him aside and walked away from… July 26, 2020 In "Entertainment" A photo has surfaced showing a former Nigerian lawmaker, senator Dino Melaye enjoying a meal with alleged fraudster, Hushpuppi said to have duped over a million perople. Hushpuppi is currently in the United States after being arrested in Dubai for duping people and companies millions of dollars. $40m in cash… July 6, 2020 In "News"