The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has given the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio, 48 hours to name the lawmakers who received contracts from the Niger Delta Development Commission. Akpabio had said before a House committee on Monday said that 60 per cent of the contracts awarded by the NDDC was given to lawmakers. The minister’s claim had generated controversy and questioned the integrity of the committee set up to probe the alleged N81bn fraud perpetrated by the NDDC. Addressing the House on Tuesday, however, Gbajabiamila, who has been a federal lawmaker since 2003, said he had never received any NDDC contract before. He subsequently gave Akpabio 24 to 48 hours to reveal the identities of the lawmakers that received the contracts or face severe sanction. The Speaker said, “This is my 5th term here and I have never for once collected anything from the National Assembly and I know I speak for a great majority of members of this House, a great majority. And because of that, I will take this allegation and accusation very seriously. “And I will give the minister (Akpabio) 24 to 48 hours. Clerk, I want you to back this up with a letter from this House. Give the minister 24 to 48 hours to publish the names, the contracts so given, the dates because obviously these things will be documented; unveil the companies of the 60 per cent projects that were given to members of the National Assembly.” Gbajabiamila’s ultimatum received applause from a large section of the lawmakers. (Punch) The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, on Monday, showed up at an investigative hearing being conducted on the alleged illegal spending and mismanagement by the Niger Delta Development Commission. Gbajabiamila joined the House Committee on NDDC after the hearing resumed. He said the decision by the Chairman,… July 20, 2020 In "News" The Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio, today July 20, disclosed that most of the contracts in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) are given to members of the National Assembly. He said this when he appeared before the house of representatives committee probing the commission. “We all know… July 20, 2020 In "News" …Calls For Comprehensive Forensic Audit Which Must Start With Akpabio By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Federal lawmaker representing Akwa Ibom West senatorial district, , Senator Chris Ekpenyong has taken the Minister of Niger Delta, Dr Godswill Akpabio to the cleaners  and asked him to account for over four… November 6, 2019 In "Top Stories"