Brussels  –  German Chancellor Angela Merkel is to meet the presidents of the three main EU institutions on Wednesday to discuss Germany’s EU council presidency. The discussion looks set to be dominated by the bloc’s economic recovery, following the coronavirus pandemic. During her first trip abroad since the beginning of the pandemic, Merkel will meet the presidents of the European Parliament, European Council and European Commission – David Sassoli, Charles Michel and Ursula von der Leyen, respectively. Germany took over the EU Council presidency on July 1 and will hand it over to Portugal after six months. One of the biggest issues on their plate is the controversial multi-billion-euro coronavirus recovery plan. The meeting takes place a little more than a week before the EU’s 27 heads of governments meet again to push for a consensus. A similar meeting at the end of June did not result in any concrete agreement. Under von der Leyen’s watch, the European Commission proposed a 750 billion-euro ($846 billion) package, consisting of 500 billion euros in grants and 250 billion euros in loans. But while the meeting on Wednesday could pave a way for finding negotiation ground for next week’s talks, the strongest disagreement is expected between leaders not present on this day. The so-called “frugal four” – the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark and Austria – are critical of certain aspects of the proposal. (dpa/NAN) Berlin - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday she is optimistic that negotiations at an EU summit set for Friday will end in agreement about the bloc’s budget and a coronavirus economic stimulus package. She expressed hope that there would be considerable progress in July, according to sources from… June 16, 2020 In "Foreign" Poroshenko’s office said leaders would use the August 26 meeting to discuss ways to stabilise the situation in eastern Ukraine, energy security and Kiev’s new trade deal with the European Union, which Russia has opposed, Reuters reports. A Kremlin statement said a number of bilateral meetings would be held, but… August 20, 2014 In "Foreign" Brussels - The German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday said if EU leaders manage to agree on achieving net carbon neutrality by 2050, it would send a “strong signal” to the world. “That would be a strong signal that Europe really is the continent that is then climate neutral,’’ Merkel… December 12, 2019 In "Foreign"