In what doctors have described as ‘first’, a Nigerian woman has given birth to a second baby 21 days after delivering the first child. The set of twins came three weeks apart. According to the father, David Bankole, he and his wife got married in 2003 and had to wait sixteen years before welcoming their first child, a girl, in February of 2019. He revealed his wife quickly conceived afterward and on June 19, 2020, she gave birth to their second baby. They had a naming ceremony for the new baby. He revealed it was after the naming ceremony that his wife started to complain she was having some movement in her stomach. They went to the hospital and it was discovered she had another baby in her. The father narrated: “To the glory of God, this union is almost 18 years now. After we got wedded in 2003, we waited for sixteen good years before God answered us and gave us our first daughter in February 2019. We were overjoyed. Before we knew it, she conceived and gave birth to another baby on the 19th of June 2020. We were so grateful to God. We had the naming ceremony. Some days after, she said she was feeling some movement in her stomach. We were like maybe it’s because she just had a baby. However, as the days went by, she kept complaining of that movement in her stomach so we had to go back to the hospital because when we did scan prior to the delivery, it was one baby that reflected. When we got to the hospital after several complains, they now checked her and found another baby. That was how we took delivery of the second baby on Friday, 10th of July and both processes were natural birth.” he said Watch video: Source Eighteen years after marriage, Mr and Mrs James Nwabueze Okeigbo had tried all they could to get a child that would help to cement the love for their marital union. But every effort in that direction ended up in frustration and failure. But today, the couple can look back and… July 15, 2019 In "Features" There is a popular adage that says “whatever that does not break us will end up only making us stronger.” Mr. Abiodun Orebela and his wife, Lola, from Ogun State, stand today as living examples of the adage. This is because the couple who reside at No. 88 Maruwa Road,… June 17, 2019 In "Metro" Delta State - General Overseer of Liberation Ministry, Pastor Sunday Chinedu (33), has told operatives of the Inspector-General of Police (IG) Special Intelligence Response Team (IRT) how he became part of the syndicate selling unborn babies in Delta State. Chinedu was arrested along with Madam Isioma Uko, Mr. Adagbo Samuel… November 15, 2019 In "Metro"