Ashgabat  –  Turkmenistan was granted the observer status in the World Trade Organisation (WTO) at a meeting of the WTO General Council in Geneva on Wednesday, the press service of Turkmenistan’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement. The acquisition of the status would help Turkmenistan develop its economy, promote multilateral cooperation, attract foreign investment and develop international trade relations, the statement said. Atageldi Haljanov, Permanent Representative of Turkmenistan to the UN in Geneva said “the growing trends of economic globalisation in the modern world have set for Turkmenistan the task to actively integrate into the world economy and the system of international economic relations.’’ Turkmenistan submitted its request for observer status in May 2020, indicating its intent to initiate negotiations for WTO accession within five years. The WTO now has 164 members. Turkmenistan becomes the 25th observer of the organisation. (Xinhua/NAN) By Habiba Broger Geneva (Switzerland) - Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala on Thursday expressed gratitude to President Muhammadu Buhari and members of the House of Representatives for supporting her candidacy for the position of Director General of the World Trade Organisation( WTO). ”I want to also thank the Minister of Foreign Affairs,… July 16, 2020 In "Politics" •Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala By Habiba Broger GENEVA - Nigeria's former finance and economy minister, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on Wednesday in Geneva stressed the need for the World Trade Organisation (WTO) to elect a credible candidate based on merit for the position of Director-General. Okonjo-Iweala, who is among the eight candidates… July 16, 2020 In "News" Geneva   -      Switzerland has launched a complaint at the World Trade Organisation against U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminium, it said on Tuesday. Geneva is the eighth WTO member to start such a challenge. “From Switzerland’s point of view, the additional duties, which according to the U.S.… July 11, 2018 In "Foreign"