By Chukwuemeka Opara  Abakaliki  –  Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has condoled with the Nigeria Police and families of its personnel killed by armed robbers in Ebonyi on Wednesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the robbers were said to have opened fire on the police vehicle escorting a bullion van from Enugu en route Ebonyi at the popular Ezzamgbo Junction of the Enugu-Abakliki Federal highway. The failed robbery operation, however, resulted in the killing of four officers and men of the police and wounding of two others, a police man and the bank’s bullion driver. Umahi’s condolence was conveyed in a press statement signed by his Special Assistant on Media, Mr Francis Nwaze. He described the incident as a colossal loss. “It is with great sadness that I received the news of our dear police officers who died while serving our country. “I heartily commiserate with the families of the deceased and the Nigerian police in general and pray that God grants them the fortitude to bear the loss,” the statement read. The governor urged Ebonyi people not to panic due to the incident as everything was under control. “Let me assure the public that the Ebonyi police command is making all efforts, harnessing all available intelligence apparatus to ‘bring the culprits to book. “The command has also tightened the state’s boundaries against the entrance of hoodlums,” the statement read. (NAN) Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) Thursday endorsed Governor Dave Umahi for the presidency of Nigeria come 2023. At the well-attended South East Security Summit in Enugu, the national president of the group, Alhaji Muhammadu Kirowa told the gathering without mincing words that Umahi is the next president… June 20, 2019 In "Top Stories" Abakaliki -  The Ebonyi government plans to spend N1.5 billion to achieve its water supply goals which includes rehabilitation of existing schemes and reticulation. Gov. David Umahi, said on Thursday while inaugurating the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) water projects in the three senatorial zones of the state. Umahi said that… August 26, 2016 In "News" PORT HARCOURT -  The Rivers Police Command has confirmed that two armed robbers were killed when a gang raided the office of the state News Papers Corporation early on Monday.The corporation is the publisher of the Nigerian Tide Newspapers.The Command’s spokesman, DSP Muhammad Ahmad, told the News Agency of Nigeria… July 14, 2014 In "News"