Moscow  – The Hong Kong police deployed water canons to disperse hundreds of people, who took to the streets on Wednesday to protest the new law on national security.This is according to a report by the South China Morning Post newspaper on Wednesday.The enactment of the new law came hours before the special administrative region marked 23 years since its handover from the UK’s to China’s rule. Earlier in the day, the Hong Kong police announced the first arrest for violating the new national security law. The detainee was a man, who held the independence flag of the special administrative region. According to the newspaper, police used the water cannons against the protesters, who had gathered outside the fire station building on the Hennessy Road. The police warned that independence slogans shouted by demonstrators also violate the new national security law. On Tuesday, the standing committee of China’s legislature voted unanimously in favor of the national security bill. The legislation sparked a firestorm of negative comments from the Hong Kong opposition as well as several Western officials.The officials claimed that the legislation would undermine the city’s autonomy guaranteed during its transition from the United Kingdom to China.By Tuesday evening, Chinese President Xi Jinping had signed the bill into law. The new legislation bans separatist, subversive, and terrorist activities, along with any form of foreign interference in Hong Kong. The move is supported by the Hong Kong leadership but has been met by a wave of protests in the city, as some residents fear their rights may be infringed.According to Beijing, the new security law aims to punish illegal activities in the city without harming the existing democratic freedoms of locals. (Sputnik/NAN) Beijing - China’s top legislative body approved a national security law for Hong Kong on Tuesday in a move expected to raise tensions between Beijing and foreign governments. Tam Yiu-chung, Hong Kong’s sole representative to the National People’s Congress Standing Committee, confirmed the law’s passage in an interview broadcast by… June 30, 2020 In "Foreign" Hong Kong -  Hong Kong’s pro-democracy camp swept district council elections in a landslide victory on Monday in what is widely seen as a referendum on months of anti-government protest. Pro-democracy parties are set to control 388 of 452 available seats and 17 out of 18 district councils, in some… November 25, 2019 In "Foreign" Hong Kong - Police fired tear gas at protesters in one of Hong Kong’s busiest shopping districts on Sunday as growing numbers took to the street in opposition to Beijing’s plans to impose a national security law that bypasses the local legislature. Water cannon and armoured trucks were deployed across… May 24, 2020 In "Foreign"