The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has released new rules and guidelines for conducting the State and Local Government elections in the country during the COVID-19 pandemic that has killed over 600 people in Nigeria already. According to the NCDC, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), political parties, politicians, need to adhere strictly with the guidelines and lead by example to control the virus spread. The NCDC urged all parties and stakeholders in forthcoming elections in the country to use protective measures, reduce or limit mass gatherings, promote hand washing hygiene and ensure physical distancing of at least two meters. Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, the Director-General of the NCDC, disclosed this during the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 in Abuja on Monday, July 6. He said, “Today we are announcing and launching a new guideline for the conducting of elections during the covid-19 Outbreak in Nigeria. “Some states will be holding state and local government elections this year, being the first time we are holding elections of this significance during the pandemic. “Therefore, we have developed these guidelines to support everyone involved, political parties, INEC, but most critically, Nigerians that will be going to vote in this difficult times. “Voting still remains a civic responsibility and even though we are in the middle of a pandemic, we have to find a way of doing this safely and we have to adapt to the new normal. “As we know, the virus thrives in mass gathering, so there is a challenge that we have in the way we have conducted our elections pre-elections, during elections and post-elections. So, in doing this guideline, we try and offer advice on how to do this safely.” “We strongly encourage the use of television, radios, mobile vans, social media and other forms of communication as our politicians solicit for votes. “We advise careful adherence to mass gatherings guidelines. Unfortunately, the virus doesn’t recognise whether we are conducting elections, religious gatherings or business settings, it just thrives when people come together. “We have provided specific guidelines for this settings and none of them will be surprising and we’ll be explicit about it. “We really want to urge our political leaders to take responsibility and lead by example; leadership will be critical in this era and we advise them to think of the lives of the electorates first. The electorate staying alive is much more important than any vote you can win.” Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), says it has extended its molecular laboratories with the capacity to detect the ongoing Coronavirus (COVID-19), pandemic outbreak in the country, to six. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director General of NCDC, disclosed this to the Newsmen on Saturday in Abuja,… March 29, 2020 In "News" •Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu believes Nigeria has not gotten to its peak yet, amid the increasing number of confirmed coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in the country. The Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) stated this on Friday during his appearance on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily. He… April 24, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Dr Chikwe ihekweazu ABUJA - Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu believes every state in Nigeria will have its share of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) Director-General stated this during his appearance on Channels Television’s breakfast programme, Sunrise Daily. He stressed that the Nigerian government was making… April 16, 2020 In "Top Stories"