Two male twins from Nigeria who married to two female twins have now delivered sets of twins. The twin brothers identified as Sa’ad and Sa’eed Yusuf have been seen in different photos posing with their babies. Reports circulating online said they recently gave birth and that it was on the same day, but in a chat with the Cable Lifestyle, one of the fathers said it happened in 2015. While Sa’ad’s wive gave birth to twin girls on June 15, that of Sa’eed delivered of the boys on June 17. Both wives had to be delivered of their babies through caesarean section. Sa’ad said: “I wonder why people change the format of a story without getting in touch with the persons involved. The thing is that we’re twins, and we gave birth to twins. We’re both also married to twins. Reports that they were all born on the same date is wrong. “Even if we would have wished they were all born on the same day, we can’t change the destiny of such. We couldn’t do that one. Because all the mothers underwent cesarean section. “There was a two-day space between the two twins. When people spoke of this on social media, they made it sound like it happened yesterday.” Source Twin sisters wed twin brothers in Lagos Twin brothers, Tayelolu Joshua and Kehinde Caleb have melted hearts after marrying their twin sweethearts at a ceremony in Lagos. They duo were joined in holy matrimony to another set of identical twins, Taiwo Eunice and Kehinde Bernice Elejofi at the Redeemed Christian… January 18, 2020 In "Metro" Beyoncé Knowles and Shawn “Jay Z” Carter have welcomed twins in one of the most highly anticipated celebrity births, according to multiple reports Sunday. One of those reports was granddad himself, Matthew Knowles, who blasted the news on Twitter with a Father's Day post reading “They’re here!” and “Happy Birthday… June 19, 2017 In "Entertainment" A 73-year-old woman in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh has given birth to twin girls. Doctors delivered the twins, who were born following IVF treatment, on Thursday. “The mother and the babies are doing well,” Dr Uma Sankar, the woman’s doctor, told BBC Telugu. Mangayamma Yaramati said she… September 6, 2019 In "Metro"