Fayemi, who is the chairman of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF), disclosed his COVID-19 status on Twitter on Wednesday. “I took my third Covid-19 test yesterday and it came back positive. I’m generally ok and I’m already self isolating at home and receiving the best of care from my medical team. I’m delegating critical tasks to my Deputy but will continue routine duty from home,” the post read. I took my third Covid-19 test yesterday and it came back positive. I'm generally ok and I'm already self isolating at home and receiving the best of care from my medical team. I'm delegating critical tasks to my Deputy but will continue routine duty from home. JKF Fayemi joins a list of governors who have tested positive for the virus, including Seyi Makinde of Oyo; Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo, and Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna. It is not clear how the governor contracted the virus but he had held series of meetings within and outside Ekiti state over the past two weeks, although in observance of physical distancing guidelines as provided by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Source •Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State, just recovered from COVID-19 By Emmanuel Oloniruha ABUJA - The Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) has called for the decentralisation of COVID-19 response as the best chance of nipping spread of the virus in communities in the country. The forum made the call in a communiqué issued… April 22, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has announced that he has tested positive for COVID-19. “I just received my COVID-19 confirmation test result. It is POSITIVE. I am asymptomatic and will continue to self-isolate,” Mr Makinde wrote on his Twitter handle which he has… March 30, 2020 In "Top Stories" Ekiti state Governor Kayode Fayemi has hailed a retired official of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Mr. Femi Adeoye, for denying his son, who just arrived from Lagos, access to the house without confirming his COVID-19 status. Dr. Fayemi, in a statement in Ado-Ekiti yesterday by Information Commissioner Muyiwa Olumilua… April 30, 2020 In "News"