Manchester (UK) –   Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has hit back at Frank Lampard after his Chelsea counterpart suggested Video Assistant Referees (VAR) have favoured them this season. Lampard said Manchester United benefited from contentious VAR decisions and poor on-pitch decisions. He commenting on how a “clear and obvious decision” went their way on Thursday when Crystal Palace’s Wilfried Zaha was fouled but no penalty kick was awarded. Ahead of Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea, Solskjaer suggested Manchester United have also been unlucky with decisions. “I can sit here for hours now and try to talk about this. It looks like there’s a narrative. It looks like people want to influence whoever is making the decisions,” the Norwegian told reporters on Saturday. “I hear people talking about luck, that we’ve been lucky more than unlucky. If you look at the factual decisions —- I don’t want to sound like a certain manager talking about facts —- but if you’re offside, you’re offside. That’s clear.” Solskjaer listed incidents in which he felt Manchester United were hard done by, describing how a late penalty kick against Tottenham Hotspur was overturned. He also recalled how Southampton’s Oriol Romeu and West Ham’s Mark Noble should have been sent off for rash tackles. “So, it’s actually me that should be complaining that we get decisions against us on the pitch by the on-pitch referee,” Solskjaer added. `There’s a narrative there, but we have to focus on our games. We let other people talk about that. I don’t want to go too much into it because I might be in trouble. “I’m pretty relaxed on these and referees are going to be making objective decisions and are not going to be influenced by any emotion in any way.” Left-back Luke Shaw will miss the semi-final and his replacement Brandon Williams is also doubtful after suffering a facial injury against Southampton on Monday. (Reuters/NAN) Manchester (England) - Highly-rated young attacking midfielder Angel Gomes has left Manchester United after rejecting a new contract offer, the Premier League club said on Wednesday. Gomes worked his way through the ranks to become the first player born in the 2000s to represent United, making his debut against Crystal… July 1, 2020 In "Sports" Frank Lampard warned Chelsea not to get complacent after they took control of the race to qualify for the Champions League with a 4-0 demolition of Everton on Sunday. Lampard’s side won for just the second time in seven league games thanks to goals from Mason Mount, Pedro, Willian and… March 8, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester (UK) - Manchester United kept alive their hopes of finishing in the English Premier League (EPL) top four after a 3-0 home win over Watford on Sunday. Goals from Bruno Fernandes, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood secured the win for the former champions. Portugal midfielder Fernandes scored his first… February 24, 2020 In "Sports"