Seoul  – North Korean leader Kim Jong Un told a meeting of the politburo of the ruling Workers Party the North had stopped the novel coronavirus from making inroads in the country, state news agency KCNA said on Friday. “We have thoroughly prevented the inroad of the malignant virus. “We maintained a stable anti-epidemic situation despite the worldwide health crisis, which is a shining success achieved,” Kim Jong Un said in a statement carried by KCNA. KCNA said that he warned against self-complacency or relaxation in the anti-epidemic effort and urged North Koreans to maintain maximum alert. On Thursday, the politburo meeting came as many hard-hit countries were easing lockdowns, even as the world moves quickly past the grim milestones of 10 million confirmed infections and 500,000 deaths. “North Korea has reopened schools, however kept a ban on public gatherings. “Also made it mandatory for people to wear masks in public places as part of its response to the coronavirus threat,’’ a World Health Organisation (WHO) official said on Wednesday. While the reclusive country has not confirmed any infections, its public health ministry has reported all 922 people checked so far have tested negative. Hundreds of people, mostly cargo handlers at seaports and land borders are regularly quarantined for monitoring. Thursday’s politburo meeting also touched on construction of the Pyongyang General Hospital, underway in the capital. Kim expressed satisfaction with the project and thanked the builders for making headway under unfavourable conditions. “Kim Jong Un made sure powerful national measures were taken for urgently solving the problems arising. “This is to brilliantly complete the hospital which would provide the people with the most advanced medical service, to be of the world standard,” KCNA said. (Reuters/NAN) The sister of North Korea leader Kim Jong Un bashed South Korea and has threatened military action after a recent decline in relations. Kim Yo Jong took aim at the inter-Korean liaison office in the border town of Kaesong, promising a “tragic scene” after she accused Seoul of not doing… June 15, 2020 In "Foreign" North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has made his first public appearance for 20 days - dispelling rumours he had died. The despot cut the ribbon at the opening of a fertiliser factory, KCNA state media reported on Saturday. Kim 'attended the ceremony' on Friday and 'all participants broke into thunderous… May 1, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un told Russian President Vladimir Putin that peace and security on the Korean peninsula depended on the U.S., warning that a state of hostility could easily return, North Korean media said on Friday.Kim’s remarks during talks with Putin on Thursday appeared aimed at… April 26, 2019 In "Foreign"