A gas station located in Umuoma Nekede Owerri-west LGA of Imo state has been gutted by fire, killing a family of five. DAILY POST reports that the incident which took place on Friday was triggered by a truck discharging cooking gas. According to an eye witness, Princely Onyenwe, the truck caught fire while discharging gas and destroyed vegetation around. “I put the blame on the carelessness of the operators of Tiengo gas station who ignored its leakage. The flaring of the gas quickly sent the fire to a nearby compound and burnt five people, four children and the wife of Mr. Onyekpandu Ekeada. “Another residential house affected by the inferno is brothers and sisters lodge. Gas stations should not be sited around residential areas because of their inflammable nature. The Imo government should look into this,” he advised. Onyemuche Anukam, a resident of brothers and sisters lodge, described the incident as unfortunate, appealing to the government to relocate the gas station elsewhere. Mr. Onyekpandu, the father of the victims while speaking said that his family was seated outside the compound around 9pm when the incident took place and killed all his children including his wife. He cried to the state government to come to his rescue, lamenting that he had lost all he lived and struggled for in life. He gave his children’s names as Precious, Chidera, Miracle, Izunna and their mother, Marcellina. DAILY POST further learned that the Deputy Governor of Imo state, Prof. Placid Njoku visited the site and consoled the bereaved family. Many people are feared trapped as a Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) gas station and about five residential buildings have been gutted by fire. The outbreak which started around 1pm at College Road, was caused by a petrol tanker allegedly discharging its content. The fire, it was gathered soon spread… April 27, 2020 In "News" By Isaac Ukpoju   Lafia    -       Nasarawa State Government on Friday said it had concluded arrangement to fly some victims of the Lafia gas explosion to South Africa for further treatment. Gov. Umaru Al-Makura stated this when the Chief Medical Director (CMD) of the Federal Medical… September 14, 2018 In "News" Eket (Akwa Ibom)- The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), in Eket has confirmed five persons dead in gas explosion at Afaha Ukwa in Eket Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom. The Operations Controller of DPR in Eket, Mr Asuquo Antai, made this known in an interview with the News Agency… January 16, 2015 In "News"