By Ahmed Ubandoma Abuja –   The First Lady, Aisha Buhari has called on wealthy individuals to support the less privileged persons, especially victims of criminality living in the Internally Displaced Persons Camps. Mrs Buhari made the call on Wednesday when she received classroom wooden furniture and kitchen utensils donated to her NGO, Aisha Buhari Foundation (ABF), by BAMUS NOK GLOBAL CONCEPT LTD in Abuja. The items were donated to the first lady for onward distribution to various schools in IDPs Camps. The first lady represented by Senior Special Assistant to the President on Women affairs and Administration, Dr Hajo Sani, expressed gratitude to the donor for identifying with the less privileged persons, especially at this time of need. She assured the donor that the foundation would ensure that the items are used judiciously by the end users. ” We are happy to have such person, who is sharing the same passion with the First Lady, by helping the less privileged and these items we receive today, especially the classroom tables and chairs, will be sent to orphanage school in the IDP Camps. ”These kitchen utensils are going to be useful because they look very strong, durable and can stand the test of time in IDP Camps,” she said. She expressed her commitment to continue in championing the course of women and children in Nigeria. In his response, the Chief Executive Officer of Bamus Nok Global Concept Limited, Mr Adams Nok, expressed determination to contribute his quota to the development of the society. (NAN) By Ahmed Ubandoma Abuja. - Aisha  Buhari Foundation (ABF) an NGO,  has distributed nutritional food items to the needy patients in  four hospitals in Kaduna state. Mr Aliyu Abdullahi, Special Assistant to the First Lady on Media and Publicity disclosed this on Thursday in a statement in Abuja. The hospitals… December 26, 2019 In "News" …Lauds Aisha Buhari for her compassion, support to needy in society Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Gombe state First Lady, Hajiya Asma'u Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya has flagged-off food distribution programme, initiated by the office of the First Lady of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Hajiya Aisha Muhammadu Buhari. The food distribution… January 4, 2020 In "Politics" By Ahmed Ubandoma Abuja - The First Lady, Mrs. Aisha Buhari, has distributed food items to some families at Our Lady Queen of Pro Cathedral Catholic Church of Nigeria, Abuja. Presenting the items on behalf of the First lady, the Special Assistant on NGO Matters, office of the First Lady,… December 21, 2019 In "News"