The House of Representatives ad hoc committee investigating non- implementation of the pay- as-you- go tariff plan by satellite broadcasters and DSTV subscription price increase has asked the Director General of the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) Dr. Ihekweazu Chikwe to locate the Chief Executive Officer of Multichoice (operators of DSTV), John Ugbe and test him for COVID-19. The committee headed by Unyime Idem, while passing the resolution, also asked the agency to immediately commence contact tracing of passengers in the plane with him, his staff and those.he may have had contact with at the airport. The resolution of the panel stemmed from the letter written by Ugbe that he would be unable to appear before it after coming come down with an illness after arriving Abuja on Tuesday for the meeting. The letter signed by Gozie Onumonon, Head: Regulatory Affairs, for the CEO reads in part: “Because of the abundance of caution needed to be taken in line with the current pandemic, we believe it is necessary that the meeting be deferred until he has regained his health and is cleared by his medical doctor.” The motion was moved by Julius Pondei and was seconded by Olajide Adedeji. It was adopted by all members of the committee. Pondei noted the letter written by CEO of Multichoice had no time or date, stating “it’s vague meaning we are not expecting him anytime soon. Idem also said the CEO called him on phone on Wednesday and said he was coughing, stating the needs for him to test for the virus so he can be treated as soon as possible if necessary. The Committee gave the NCDC four days to get back to it after instructing its Clerk to immediately communicate the resolution to the NCDC. The Nation According to a report by Vanguard, the House of Representatives on Wednesday, urged the Nigeria Centre for Diseases Control, NCDC, to locate and test the Chief Executive Officer of MultiChoice, Dr John Ugbe for COVID-19. Rep. Idem Unyime(PDP-Akwa-Ibom) who heads the House’ Committee on Digital Satelite Television, DSTV Pay-As-You-Go Tariff… July 22, 2020 In "News" ….Aide Tests Positive, Isolated Abuja (Sundiata Post) - NATIONAL leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, yesterday, disclosed that his late Chief Security Officer, CSO, Lateef Raheem, died of complications from the coronavirus but added that he and his wife, Senator Oluremi, tested negative to the disease,… April 28, 2020 In "News" By Ayinde Olaide Bauchi - Bauchi State government says it is tracing 305 contacts of the index case and others reported by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) in the state. Alh. Baba Tela, Deputy Governor of the state who is also the Chairman of the State Task Force… April 6, 2020 In "Health"