LAGOS – Concrete barriers have been placed to block off the mainland inbound traffic at the Adeniji end of the Third Mainland Bridge. This is in line with the partial closure for repairs of the bridge. Speaking to Channels Television in the early hours of Saturday, the Federal Controller of Works, Olukayode Popoola, said the Federal Government partially shut the bridge on July 24. According to him, a diversion has been created for the contractor handling the repairs to commence work on the outward lane of the island. He explained that the inward lane has been left open to enable motorists to ply the road with ease while going to work. “In the morning when you are going to resume your work, right from Oworonshoki, you use the same line that you normally use to go and work. “By 12 in the afternoon, we close this lane so you can now divert. We have created diversion as you can see it,” he said. Speaking further, he appealed to motorists to cooperate by allowing the contractor and workers to carry out the rehabilitation work on the bridge. The Federal Controller of Works, Olukayode Popoola, on July 25, 2020 appealed to motorists to obey law enforcement agents as the Federal Govt partially shuts the Third Mainland Bridge in Lagos.While asking road users to obey the law enforcement agencies, Popoola noted that it is imperative to avoid any form of chaos while using the public asset. He also reiterated the commitment of the Federal Government to ensuring that the repairs are carried out within the six-month period. Popoola’s comments come four days after the Minister of Works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola, said the bridge will not be reopened until January 202. Fashola, who confirmed this at a briefing in Abuja, called on motorists in Lagos to be patient with the repairs. The minister explained that the maintenance of the busiest bridge in the country was aimed at replacing damaged components for a better motoring experience. The maintenance is to be carried out on a length of 3.5 kilometres out of the 11.8 kilometres of the bridge. (Channels TV) The Ministry of Works and Housing says the proposed plan to shut the third mainland bridge for a period of six months beginning from July 24 will commence and there is no going back. According to the Ministry, the repairs are necessary so as to avert a collapse of the… July 8, 2020 In "Politics" By Perpetua Onuegbu Abuja - The Federal Government says it has intervened in the maintenance and rehabilitation of 37 bridges across the country including the Third Mainland Bridge. Mr Babatunde Fashola, Minister of Works and Housing, disclosed this at a news conference to update citizens on the forthcoming partial closure… July 21, 2020 In "News" By Grace Alegba Lagos -  The Federal Controller of Works, Lagos, Mr Adedamola Kuti, on Wednesday in Lagos said that the emergency rehabilitation/maintenance of the Third Mainland Bridge project would begin on July 27. Kuti who disclosed this a stakeholders’ meeting at the Ministry of Works office in Lagos. He… July 11, 2018 In "News"