Popular American actor, Bryshere Gray, who played Hakeem Lyon on the popular Fox drama Empire, has been arrested after his wife alleged that he assaulted and strangled her until she passed out. The incident began at about 10.15pm on Sunday night, July 12 when Goodyear Police responded to a 911 call alleging “an adult female victim had been assaulted at her Goodyear home by her husband, who she identified as Bryshere Gray, an actor on the TV series ‘Empire,” police said in a statement. Police said the woman had multiple visible injuries on her body and that she said Gray strangled her at one point, until she passed out. Her injuries were non-life-threatening but she was taken to the hospital where she was treated for her injuries and released, police said, adding that detectives and a Victim’s Advocate “continued to assist her after her discharge from the hospital.” When cops got to their home in Goodyear, Arizona, Gray refused to come outside and barricaded himself inside the house overnight. Police called Goodyear SWAT and Crisis Negotiations to the scene to assist before he eventually surrendered himself to authorities. “Goodyear SWAT and Crisis Negotiations were called out to assist,” police said. About nine hours later, he was “taken into custody without incident” just after 7 a.m. Monday, and was booked into the Maricopa County Jail on domestic violence charges, police said. Gray appeared in all 102 episodes of Empire, which wrapped its six-year run on Fox in April. His credits also include the indie features Sprinter, Canal Street and Honey: Rise Up and Dance. Source By Justina Auta  Abuja - Empire star, Bryshere Gray, who portrays the youngest Lyon brother Hakeem has been booked in Chicago over driving related offences. Authorities initially discovered the tags to the vehicle didn’t match, and later found out that Gray was without a licence or insurance. TMZ said Bryshere was booked… June 18, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Joy Kaka Abuja -  A 38-year-old woman, Blessing Igwe, was brought before a Gudu Upper Area Court in Abuja on Wednesday for allegedly battering her disabled husband all the time. She also allegedly resisted arrest when the police came to arrest her. Igwe, who reside at CBN Estate at… August 9, 2017 In "Metro" A housewife, Mrs. Chinwendu Chita, 32 has been arrested for turning her husband, Okechukwu Chita, into a punching bag in their matrimonial home in Lagos. According to PM Express, Mrs. Chinwendu claimed that she had been married to Okechukwu for some years, he had been unable to impregnate her and… February 7, 2020 In "News"