According to a report by Daily Post, four police officers who failed to stop the kidnapping of Salisu Usman Maku, nephew of former information minister Labaran Maku have been arrested. The policemen were accused of hiding and taking cover while the kidnappers fled the scene. The officers may be on the verge of being dismissed from the Nigeria Police Force for failing to protect citizens which is their primary responsibility. It was further gathered that Salisu Usman Maku who was kidnapped alongside his wife, was later killed as was his younger sister, Sa’adatu.Confirming their arrest, Commissioner of Police, Bola addressing newsmen in the state said only the driver of the hilux will be spared even as he condemned their actions. “As a professional police officer, you should not take cover and hide; you take cover and act. “It is only the driver of the police Hilux that is set free in this case because his job is to drive the vehicle and he was actually in the car during the operation, but the other four armed police officers took cover and hid,” Longe added. By Sunday John Lafia - Unknown gunmen on Tuesday killed one and abducted two family members of Salisu Usman-Maku, elder brother to Labaran Maku, a former Minister of Information. A family member, who preferred anonymity, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lafia that the gunmen stormed their house… July 15, 2020 In "News" The convoy of Nasarawa deputy governor, Emmanuel Akabe was attacked yesterday by gunmen. They killed three police officers and a civilian.The incident happened around Gako hill in Nasarawa, Eggon local government area when the deputy governor was said to be heading to Abuja for the inauguration of ministers scheduled to… August 21, 2019 In "Top Stories" A riot policeman, Sergeant Haruna Abdullahi, serving with the Mobile Police 67, Takum, Taraba State, has said that his superior, Insp. Suleiman Dauda, identified the operatives of the Intelligence Response Team to the soldiers who attacked them, The PUNCH reports. He said the soldiers killed three policemen and two civilians… June 21, 2020 In "News"