A clergyman, Reverend Joseph Ma’aji, accused of defiling his 16-year-old housemaid has been apprehended and arraigned by Officials of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps NSCDC, Kaduna state command, on Tuesday July 7 before a Chief Magistrate court NSCDC legal officer prosecuting the case, Yayayi Jauro, told the court that the state social welfare office in Kakuri, Kaduna, on July 1, received a report of alleged sexual harassment and act of gross indecency against the Reverend. Jauro said that Ma’aji was reported to have been unlawfully having sexual intercourse on several occasions with his underaged maid, who was entrusted to him by her uncle, at his residence in Barnawa, Kaduna, since 2015. According to Jauro, Ma’aji had been molesting the girl and requesting for sexual favours unjustifiably and had voluntarily confessed to have committed the crime during investigations. “Medical reports from Gwamna Awan hospital here in Kaduna had also confirmed commission of the alleged offence”, Jauro said. He said the offence contravened section 257, 260 and 262 of the Kaduna State penal code law of 2017. After listening to the case, the Chief Magistrate, Bashir Shittu, ordered that Ma’aji be remanded pending advice from the office of the state Director of Public Prosecution. According to Magistrate Shittu, his court lacked the power to try the accused. He adjourned the case to Aug. 25, for further mention. Source By Philip Yatai Kaduna - Apostle Joseph Alhassan of Faith Agape Church, Narayi Kaduna, Kaduna State, has been arrested for allegedly raping a 16-year-old girl for the past five years. Alhassan was arrested at his resident, No 158 B, Abdulrahman Road, Shagari Low Cost, Barnawa Kaduna, by officers of the… July 4, 2020 In "Metro" By Mohammad TijjaniKaduna - The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) says it has received 30 cases of child trafficking in the last eight months in Kaduna State. The Command Public Relations Officer, ASC Orndiir Terzungwe, disclosed this in a statement issued on Saturday in Kaduna. According to him, recent… September 7, 2019 In "News" By Sandra Umeh Lagos - A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday fixed Dec. 13 for the continuation of trial of a former acting Director General of NIMASA, Haruna Jauro, alongside others, facing a N304.1 million fraud charge. Jauro, who assumed leadership of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety… November 21, 2016 In "NIMASA & Maritime"