The Army is will investigate Wednesday’s attack on Governor Babagana Zulum’s convoy by suspected Boko Haram terrorists, Acting Director, Army Public Relations, Col. Sagir Musa, said in a statement. Musa said that the governor’s convoy came under terrorists fire while visiting Baga town. He said the governor had earlier paid a visit to the Commander, 19 Brigade at the Army Super Camp Baga where he was briefed about the prevailing security situation in the general area. According to him, the unfortunate incident occurred shortly after the governor and his entourage departed the Super Campaign to visit other parts of Baga town. “Although, details of the unfortunate incident is sketchy and under investigation, efforts are ongoing to comb the area where the incident occurred with a view to track down and deal decisively with the attackers. “An investigation is also in progress to identify the circumstances that led to the attack,” he said. Col. Musa described the attack as an isolated incident owing to the fact that normalcy had since been restored to Baga with socio-economic activities picking up. “Nigerian Army wishes to inform the general public that it will continue to discharge its responsibilities professionally with respect for the fundamental human rights of all Nigerians and in compliance with the extant rules of engagement. “The good people of Baga town and indeed the entire Borno State are enjoined to continue to provide credible information that will assist the security agencies to successfully combat terrorism as well as apprehend and flush out the perpetrators of the attack,” he said. The Nation. Borno Governor Babagana Zulum has attributed Wednesday’s attack on his convoy between Monguno and Baga town to military sabotage. The Nation had reported the Governor’s convoy was attacked by gunmen suspected to be Boko Haram terrorists during a tour of displaced communities along Monguno and Baga axis in the Lake… July 30, 2020 In "News" Lokoja - Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi has expressed shock and sadness over the death of Lt. Col. Abu Ali, an indigene of the state, who was killed in an ambush by Boko Haram insurgents in Borno on Friday. In a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mrs Petra… November 6, 2016 In "Metro" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - Nigerian Army troops on Sunday killed 20 Boko Haram and Islamic State of West African Province, (ISWAP) terrorists at the north west of Baga town in Borno. Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, the Coordinator of Defence Media Operations, Defence Headquarters, disclosed this in a statement on Monday… May 18, 2020 In "Metro"