By Isaiah Eka  Uyo  -The Akwa Ibom Government says 52 persons with active cases of coronavirus are currently in isolation centres across the state.Dr Emmanuel Ekuwem, the Secretary to the State Government and Chairman of the COVID-19 Committee, made this known on Tuesday in Uyo. Ekuwem said that the state recorded 176 confirmed cases of COVID-19 so far, with 121 discharged and three deaths.He said that the state government was committed to ensuring that the spread of coronavirus was curtailed.He further said that the state government had carried out sensitisation campaignson safety measures and protocols to contain the virus to the grassroots.The SSG noted that the government had tasked the 31 local government council chairmen to ensure total compliance to the COVID-19 protocols in their areas.Ekuwem said that the COVID-19 committee had met leaders of trade associations in the state to impress on their members that wearing of face mask was compulsory, especially in the market for sellers and buyers.He added that “as a way of ensuring that the message of COVID-19 gets to the grassroots, we met with all the 31 local government chairmen.“We impressed it on them the need to intensify and enforce the social distancing requirements, practice the guidelines and safety protocols that have been put in place by the state government, NCDC and WHO.“Let me reiterate that citizens and residents in the state are expected to comply with all guidelines — frequent washing of hands with soap and clean water or use alcohol based sanitizer, maintaining social distance, use face mask in public, avoid crowded areas and ensure respiratory hygiene.“For the avoidance of doubt, curfew in Akwa Ibom begins from 8 p.m. till 6 a.m. (NAN) •Udom Emmanuel, Governor of Akwa Ibom State By BASSEY ANTHONY, Uyo There is palpable fear among journalists in Akwa Ibom as no fewer than 10 Government House press corps members are rumoured to be COVID-19 positive. Our correspondent gathered at the weekend a camera man in the press crew allegedly… May 24, 2020 In "News" The Governor of Akwa Ibom State has revealed that the government foiled an alleged plot to smuggle 68 suspected COVID-19 patients into the State. The State Governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel revealed this while receiving the Akwa Ibom caucus in the National Assembly, who were in the State for a facility… May 18, 2020 In "News" These are no good times for Akwa Ibom-based sports journalist, Kufre Carter as he is currently being held incommunicado by operatives of the State Security Service over a controversial audio clip on COVID-19 that he allegedly circulated on social media. Kufre in a Twitter post, had said he received a… April 29, 2020 In "News"