By David Adeoye  Ibadan   – The Oyo State Government, has constituted a task force on the environment to curb indiscriminate dumping of refuse and other environmental nuisance in the state. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Environment, Dr Bashir Olanrewaju, who spoke to newsmen on the composition of the tast force on Monday on in Ibadan, said members of the task force were drawn from various stakeholders. He said that the task force, chaired by the Assistant Commissioner of Police, Francis Ojomo, had members from markets, artisans and youths associations. “Others are the Nigeria Medical Association, Nigeria Bar Association, International Federation of Women Lawyers and representatives of the Christian Association of Nigeria and Muslim wing,” Olanrewaju said. The permanent secretary admonished the people of the state to have attitudinal change from abuse of the environment. He called on residents of the state to stop abusing the environment, stressing that this had negative effects on health and other aspects of the people’s lives. Olanrewaju noted that erring residents would be arrested and prosecuted. He, however, said that the essence of setting up the task force was not punitive, saying that government was not interested in sending people to correctional centres or sanctioning them. According to him, government is more interested in maintaining a healthy population and clean environment that would be attractive to investors. (NAN) AKURE - Gov. Olusegun Mimiko of Ondo State on Friday in Akure inaugurated a task force to evacuate illegal immigrants, destitute and other social miscreants from the state.  Mimiko, who was represented at the inauguration by Dr Roti Areola, the Secretary to the State Government, explained that the task force… May 9, 2014 In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The Oyo State Government has commenced payments of pensions and gratuities of retired primary school teachers as well as local government workers across the state. The State Commissioner for Justice and Attorney -General, Mr Seun Abimbola, made the disclosure during a news conference in Ibadan… March 6, 2019 In "News" By Akeem Abas Ibadan -  No fewer than two traders on Thursday lost their lives in a clash between security agents and butchers at Bodija market in Ibadan. The State Commissioner of Police, Mr Abiodun Odude who addressed newsmen after the incident confirmed that the clash left at least two… June 28, 2018 In "Top Stories"