A Twitter user took to the platform to lament about how a producer demanded s3x from her after asking her to play a lead role in his movie. Drama As Upcoming Actress Accuses Producer Of Demanding S3x For Roles Social media users are discussing the menace of Nigerian movie producers demanding for s3x from female actresses after a young lady made shocking revelations on Twitter. The 21-year-old simply identified as Faith, took to Twitter to claim that a movie producer demanded s3x from her for a role and when she refused, he informed her he would be giving the role to someone else. According to her, she met the unnamed producer on Instagram and told him of her passion and he promised to help her grow. Faith further disclosed in a lengthy Twitter post, that the producer called her for a role one day and when she got there, she was given a lead role, which excited her. However, as she began rehearsing, the producer, who she said is in his 40s, allegedly started asking her to date him and promising to help her advance in her career if she does. She said she refused so he informed her that he will have to call another woman to play the role. She questioned why it has to be this way and advocated for people to be given roles based on their talents, not because they agreed to date producers. Read what she wrote below; Source Following unending question as to what Nigerian actors earn vis-a-vis their lifestyles, eelive.ng ’s AKINSETAN AKINRELE looks at some of the finest thespians around and what it costs filmmakers to engage them. The dynamics, notwithstanding, may vary the quoted figures below, but this report keeps in bracket the minimum artiste’s… March 25, 2019 In "Entertainment" Lagos - Nollywood actress, Ronke Ojo, on Friday advised upcoming actors and actresses to embrace hard work and be dedicated to the profession in order to succeed. Ojo told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that a lot of youths ventured into acting because they wanted to be… February 26, 2016 In "Entertainment" Ireti Doyle, a Nollywood actress, has recounted how she earned her first lead role in the movie industry after the lady who was cast in her place failed to show up. The writer-cum-social commentator, whose acting career has spanned more than two decades, took to her Instagram page to narrate… May 3, 2020 In "Entertainment"