Washington  –   U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday said that the November presidential election might have to be delayed, citing unsubstantiated claims that mail-in voting could result in fraud. “With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE & FRAUDULENT Election in history. “It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???” Trump tweeted. It was the first time Trump has floated the idea of postponing the election, though he does not have the power to do so unilaterally. The president has been pushing hard to block the expansion of postal voting in states around the country. The movement was growing, as part of an effort to making voting easier, but gained momentum amid fears about coronavirus spreading as people gather at polling stations. There is no evidence to support the idea that either absentee or mail-in ballots contribute to voter fraud. (dpa/NAN) Twitter issued a fact check of some of Donald Trump’s tweets on Tuesday, marking the first time the U.S. president’s favoured social media platform has pushed back against him spreading falsehoods. The move, which almost immediately heightened tensions between Trump and the social media giant, came in the form of… May 27, 2020 In "Foreign" Joe Biden said he expects the military to escort President Trump out of the White House should the incumbent lose the 2020 election and refuse to leave. The former vice president, who last week secured enough delegates to clinch the Democratic nomination, told The Daily Show host Trevor Noah late… June 11, 2020 In "Foreign" By Ken Bredemeier •President Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at Kellogg Arena, Dec. 18, 2019, in Battle Creek, Mich U.S. President Donald Trump was impeached by the House of Representatives Wednesday night, accused of abusing the power of the presidency to benefit himself politically and then obstructing congressional… December 19, 2019 In "Foreign"