Ondo Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has expressed hope that God would make all plans fall in place for him to be victorious at the ongoing primary of the All Progressives Congress(APC). Three of the aspirants stepped down for Akeredolu before voting commenced at the Dome event centre. Akeredolu, who spoke before accreditation commenced, said he never wanted to be involved in complaints by some aspirants that they were not aware of the delegate list. Akeredolu said the delegate list is well known to all party members since the APC came into existence. According to him: “I never wanted to be involved in all the complaints because I know that a farmer goes to farm with implements. The farmer only complains when he is not ready. “In the APC, we know those who have been delegates over the years since APC came to be. We all know who the delegates are. I know the God I serve. He will do me well and all plans will fall in place.” Another aspirant, Chief Olusola Oke, said more aspirants might still drop their aspirantion. Chief Oke commended Chairman of the Committee, Governor Yahaya Bello, for looking into some observations made. He however said they only demanded for transparent process. “We cannot tolerate a situation where the APC will slide into opposition in Ondo State. If there is credible primary. any one of us that emerges from that process, we will all rally round to sustain the hold of our party on the state and Nigeria. “There will be fight and quarrel when. people tried to cut corners. My confidence will be determined by the process. We pray for what happened in 2016 not to happen now. In election matters, the more you look the less you see,” he said. The Nation Akure -  Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), a governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, says he was not imposed as the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) candidate in the state in 2012. Akeredolu, who was the ACN candidate in the 2012 governorship election in the state,… August 26, 2016 In "Politics" A pressure group within the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Ondo APC Mandate Group (OAMG), has threatened to work against the party should the party give Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu second term ticket in view of array of anti-party allegations against him. Addressing newsmen at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja… June 12, 2020 In "Politics" The Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee (CEONCPC) ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has settled for in-direct mode of primary for the Ondo State Governorship Primary slated for July 20. Screening of the 12 aspirants also began at an undisclosed hotel in Utako suburb area of the Federal Capital, Abuja on… July 8, 2020 In "Politics"