Beijing –  China has required four U.S. media outlets to provide detailed information about their operations in China in the latest tit-for-tat move in a media feud with the Trump administration. “The Associated Press, United Press International, CBS News and National Public Radio are required to disclose information about their staff. “Also about finances, operations and real estate in China in the next seven days,’’ Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian said during a news briefing on Wednesday. Zhao said the requirement was a “completely necessary counter-action against the U.S.’ unreasonable suppression of Chinese media agencies” in the U.S. Washington June ordered that four Chinese state media outlets, China Central Television, the China News Service, the People’s Daily and The Global Times, register as “foreign missions,” facing requirements similar to embassies and consulates in the U.S. The two countries have sparred for months over media operations against the background of heightened tensions in areas such as trade, the coronavirus outbreak and Hong Kong’s autonomy. In March, the U.S. imposed a personnel cap on four Chinese media outlets, forcing them to reduce the number of employees on U.S. territory from 160 to 100. Beijing retaliated by expelling all U.S. newsmen working for the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post. It is unclear whether the four media organisations that are required to disclose information will need to take further action. (dpa/NAN) Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign" Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) joins a growing list of companies relying on growth in China yet crashing against the reality of a market still prone to protectionism, unpredictable laws and unreliable suppliers. Just this month, Chinese regulators opened an anti-monopoly investigation into Microsoft and state media accused Apple Inc. of using… July 30, 2014 In "News" China said Wednesday it was “seriously concerned” about the US decision to suspend funding for the World Health Organization, and urged Washington to fulfill its obligations during the coronavirus crisis. President Donald Trump on Tuesday accused the Geneva-based body of putting political correctness above life-saving measures as he ordered the… April 15, 2020 In "News"