Makurdi (Sundiata Post) – Benue state Governor Samuel Ortom said the Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Tony Ijohor and Chief of Staff, Mr Terwase Orbunde have tested positive to COVID-19. The governor disclosed this on Saturday while briefing newsmen in Makurdi. He further said that the State Head of Service, Mrs Veronica Onyeke also tested positive to the virus, alongside the Deputy Vice Chancellor Administration, Benue State University, Makurdi, Prof. Godwin Achinge. “It is no longer news that my wife, one of my sons and staff tested positive to the virus too. “The test was carried out about a week ago. When the result came out 35 persons in the state tested positive to the virus. “My test result came out negative. But the medical officers said that another test will be carried out on me after three days. “So, after this interaction I will isolate myself. I will be in isolation until I have clearance from the medical officers. “COVID-19 is real and I enjoin my people to take the preventive measures seriously. I want my people to be alive and free from the disease. “We have to stop the spread of the disease by maintaining all the COVID-19 protocols,” he said. The governor also urged Benue people to avail themselves for testing, stressing that the earlier the disease is detected the better. “Even if one who tests positive to the disease has underlining ailments and the virus is detected early enough it will not kill the person. “I want to repeat what my wife said in her statement that COVID-19 is not a death sentence. A lot of persons that tested positive have been treated and discharged.” (NAN) The Vice Chancellor of Benue State University, BSU, Makurdi, Professor Msugh Hembe, Thursday has tested positive for coronavirus. The Professor disclosed the news himself through his verified Facebook account, said that the results of his test came out on Monday and returned positive. This comes after the university authorities had… July 3, 2020 In "Education" By Philip Dzeremo Makurdi - The Benue Government on Saturday announced the state’s first case of COVID-19 in Makurdi, the state capital. Gov Samuel Ortom made the announcement at a press briefing in Makurdi shortly after an emergency meeting of the State Emergency Response Team (SERT), on COVID-19. Ortom said… March 28, 2020 In "News" The result of COVID-19 second test done for the chairman of the governing board of the University College Hospital, Ibadan, Ibrahim Shetima, has returned positive. Shetima had been in isolation at a special ward in the UCH after he tested positive for coronavirus two weeks ago. The Public Relations Officer… April 8, 2020 In "Health"