Manchester United moved into the top four as Mason Greenwood struck a brilliant brace in a 5-2 victory over relegation-threatened Bournemouth. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side went above Chelsea ahead of the Blues’ game against Watford with a win that extended their unbeaten run to 16 games in all competitions. They fell behind to Junior Stanislas’ opener, but led at the break through first-half efforts from Greenwood, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial.The Cherries took a shock 16th-minute lead when Stanislas followed up his initial blocked effort and nutmegged Harry Maguire on the byline before beating David de Gea at his near post. It was the first time United had conceded in 500 minutes in all competitions, but they soon roared back when Greenwood blasted in a venomous left-footed drive having been found by Fernandes. And six minutes later, United were ahead. Adam Smith needlessly handled the ball following Martial’s downward header and Rashford stuck the resulting penalty into the bottom-right corner of the net. That put Rashford ahead of Martial in their personal goals duel, though the Frenchman also moved onto 20 for the campaign in emphatic fashion, cutting in off the left flank and rifling into the top corner with a brilliant right-footed strike. Bournemouth were handed a route back into the match when United made a sloppy start to the second half. De Gea had already saved from Lewis Cook and Arnaut Danjuma hit the post after Maguire gave the ball away before Eric Bailly handled trying to control Nemanja Matic’s pass. King converted the penalty against his old club, only for Greenwood to again deliver an emphatic response six minutes later, this time with his right foot. Fernandes, with two assists to his name already, then got in on the act as United scored five at Old Trafford in a Premier League game for the first time since 2011. (Goal.com) Bournemouth (UK) -   Substitute Marcus Rashford scored in stoppage time on Saturday for Manchester United to come from behind to beat Bournemouth 2-1 away. The win helped Manchester United close the gap on the top four in an exciting English Premier League clash. Callum Wilson had fired Bournemouth ahead… November 3, 2018 In "Sports" Manchester (UK) - Manchester United kept alive their hopes of finishing in the English Premier League (EPL) top four after a 3-0 home win over Watford on Sunday. Goals from Bruno Fernandes, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood secured the win for the former champions. Portugal midfielder Fernandes scored his first… February 24, 2020 In "Sports" Southampton (UK) - Manchester United’s patchy start to the Premier League season continued with a 1-1 draw at 10-man Southampton after a Jannik Vestergaard header cancelled out a brilliant Daniel James goal for the visitors on Saturday. The result left United on five points from four games after last weekend’s… August 31, 2019 In "Sports"