By Joyce Remi-Babayeju  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – Following the suspension of its nationwide strike, members of the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD), members are demanding an immediate resumption of payment of their COVID-19 hazard allowance which has since been stopped.They are also calling for provision of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) for doctors in all tertiary institutions across the country. The over 200 members of NARD made these demands at their National Executive Council Meeting (NEC) with the theme ‘Targeted violence against health care workers in Nigeria’s health care facilities: Effects on health care service delivery’, held in a virtual meeting at Gombe State from 20th of July 2020 to 25th July 2020. In a communique issued at the end of the NEC meeting members noted that the COVID-19 hazard allowance payment was commenced and subsequently abandoned abruptly immediately the NARD strike was suspended. The communique issued and signed by president of NARD, Dr Sokomba Aliyu; secretary-general, Dr Biliquis Mohammad and the publicity secretary, Dr Ebogu Stanley, demanded that various hospitals should be provided with the necessary infrastructure and also there should be sustenance of the provision of PPE and funding of various tertiary health institutions. Members noted with dismay non-payment of the salary shortfall for 2014-2016 despite promises by several stakeholders to intervene which led to suspending the strike action. NEC demands that the various hospitals should be provided with the funds they need to run the hospitals and sustain the provision of the needed personal protective equipment in the hospitals. NARD demands the immediate implementation and funding of the medical residency training act as agreed. They further demanded the immediate removal of the Chief Medical Director of University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital, Prof Henry Ugboma for fraud, administrative rascality, unnecessary onslaught/ victimisation and abuse of office of the chief medical director.“We also demands the immediate and unconditional reinstatement of the suspended UPTH ARD EXCOs led by Dr. Solomon Amadi”, the communique stated. The NEC meeting was chaired by Abubakar Ali Gombe former minister of state for health. The Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) on Saturday said its members would proceed on total and indefinite strike if the Federal Government failed to address their demands within 14 days. The Association stated this in a communique issued at the end of its virtual 40th Ordinary General Meeting (OGM)… May 30, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, on Friday in Abuja updated President Muhammadu Buhari on developments regarding the ongoing industrial action by National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Ngige was accompanied by Ministers… June 19, 2020 In "Health" The National Association of Resident Doctors of Nigeria on Monday commenced a nationwide strike after the expiration of a 14-day ultimatum. The National President of NARD, Dr Aliyu Sokomba, had in a circular last week said the association found it necessary to take “the painful decision” following the inability of… June 15, 2020 In "Health"