ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has announced new appointments and redeployments as part of ongoing efforts to strengthen and reposition NNPC for greater efficiency, transparency and profitability in line with the Next Level Agenda of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. Mr. Adokiye Tombomieye, the Group General Manager, Crude Oil Marketing Division (COMD), has been appointed the new Chief Operating Officer (COO), Upstream while Mr. Mohammed Abdulkabir Ahmed, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Gas Marketing Company (NGMC), has been appointed the new Chief Operating Officer, Corporate Services, following the retirement of Engr. Farouk Garba Sa’id, last week. A statement by the corporation’s Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, stated that the change witnessed the redeployment of Engr. Adeyemi Adetunji, the Chief Operating Officer, Upstream, to the Ventures & Business Development Directorate as COO, a position left by Mr. Roland Onoriode Ewubare, who voluntary retired last week. The top-level staff movement also affected Sir Billy Okoye, who has been redeployed from the NNPC Downstream Company, NNPC Retail Limited, as managing director, to replace Mr. Tombomieye as the Group General Manager, Crude Oil Marketing Division; while Mrs. Elizabeth Aliyuda, the General Manager, Sales and Marketing NNPC Retail Limited, takes over from Sir Okoye as Managing Director. Similarly, Mr. Usman Farouk, Executive Director Asset Management and Technical Services at the NGMC takes over from Mr. Ahmed as Managing Director The statement also explained that President Buhari has accepted the resignation of Mr. Roland Ewubare, who was the immediate past Chief Operating Officer, Ventures and New Business Directorate of the National Oil Company while the retirement of the immediate past Chief Operating Officer, Corporate Services, Engr. Farouk Garba Said had also received the approval of Mr. President who thanked the two former COOs for their meritorious service to the corporation. Speaking on the development, Group Managing Director of the Corporation, Mallam Mele Kyari, said the new appointments would enable the corporation live up to the expectation of her shareholders, Nigerians, and give impetus to the ongoing restructuring within the Corporation, which, he said, was in line with the corporate vision of Transparency, Accountability & Performance Excellence (TAPE). By John Ofikhenua, Abuja The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) on Thursday threw more light on why President Muhammadu Buhari relieved the present Group Managing Director, Dr. Maikanti Baru of the responsibility. The corporation in a statement that the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs, Mr. Ndu Ughamadu, Mr. Ndu… June 20, 2019 In "Features" ABUJA ‎– The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Thursday announced appointments and redeployment of a number of officers to new roles in a major overhaul of its structure as part of its reorganisation. A statement by the corporation, which announced the appointments said they took immediate effect, setting April 1 as… March 11, 2016 In "News" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Nigerian National Corporation (NNPC) has redeployed some of its management staff. The corporation has also explained the parametres for employment as well as career progression in the corporation, using the recently concluded graduate trainee employment process as well as top management promotion exercise executed by the… May 24, 2020 In "News"