Big Brother Naija housemate, Nengi, has made it clear to fellow housemate, Ozo that she wants him. She also told Ozo that she doesn’t want him to have any other female friend in the house. This all happened during a chat. The duo met at the lounge to chat about their expectations from their partners, what they can accept in a relationship and what they wouldn’t. During the chat, Nengi revealed she is the possessive type of woman who wouldn’t like to share anything in a relationship. Ozo asked her what she thinks of her partner having a female friend to which she replied “female friend kill you there” repeatedly. According to her, her partner can have a female friend but should be distant because she is the one in the relationship and not the friend. “I want to be your only friend, I have to be your only friend because you are mine” Watch the video below: Earlier #Nengi implied that she does not like her man having female Bestie #BBNaijaSeason5 #BBNaijaLockdown A post shared by  Naija RealityTv (@bigbrother_lockdowngist) on Jul 26, 2020 at 5:19pm PDT Billionaire son, Kiddwaya has got tongues wagging after using different formats to woo some of the females in the ongoing BBNaija 2020 show. On Sunday, Kiddwaya tried his luck on Erica, Wathoni and also Nengi who has a crush on Ozo. The soft talker started off by kissing Tolanibaj who… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Some of the BBNaija 2020 housemates are already getting to know each other better with some even flirting. Well, it seems like Nengi has her eyes on Ozo after admitting that he's cute and handsome. A recent video shows Nengi and Ozo talking about relationships. The look on her face… July 21, 2020 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija 2018 housemate, Ifu Ennada, has caused uproar on the internet after disclosing her urge to have sex with Lolu. Recall that Ifu Ennada had on Wednesday during a diary session with Big Brother said she was horny and may end up having sex with Lolu if he… March 8, 2018 In "Entertainment"