By Gabriel Yough Jalingo –  The Youth Progressive Association (TYPA) in Taraba has expressed happiness over the noticeable improvement in portable water supply, sanitation and hygiene services in Jalingo. Mr Boniface Kosson, the Chief Executive Officer of TYPA disclosed this at the monthly stakeholders’ meeting funded by USAID ,through Effective Water Sanitation and Hygiene Services (E-WASH) on Saturday in Jalingo. According to him, the E-WASH intervention has greatly helped the Taraba State Water Supply and Sewerage Corporation (TAWASCO) to improve on portable water supply, sanitation and hygiene services in the state. Kosson explained that TYPA, which was one of the three NGOs implementing the project across the state, was determined to do everything possible to ensure that Jalingo and Zing continue to record success in water supply, sanitation and hygiene. “TAWASCO is doing a lot of advocacy due to the intervention by USAID through E-WASH which has engaged TYPA to carry out advocacy on water supply, sanitation and hygiene in Jalingo and Zing. “We are happy with the testimonies across the two local government areas that there is great improvement in the areas of concern. “TYPA’s advocacy has led to groups and individuals taking responsibility for building and maintaining toilet facilities, disposal of refuse dumps and restoration of the monthly sanitation in Jalingo and Zing Local Government areas,” he said. Kosson, however, appealed to water customers along Jalingo Road block and Mile 6 areas to exercise patience, saying the current road expansion by the state government led to cutting off of water pipes resulting to non supply of water to their areas at the moment. Also, Mrs Francisca Ikyumeh, the Programme Officer of TYPA, commended the stakeholders for working hard to ensure there was improvement in water supply, sanitation and hygiene services in the state. (NAN) By Callistus Agwaza Jalingo (Sundiata Post) - Facts have emerged on why Taraba was selected to benefit from the twenty three billion naira United States Agency for International Development (USAID) intervention for Effective Water, Sanitation and Hygiene Services (E-WASH) pilot programme in Nigeria. Taraba was selected along with Imo, Sokoto,… June 28, 2019 In "News" ABUJA - The Federal Government said on Monday that in collaboration with its development partners it would do its best to ensure that the citizenry had improved access to potable water and sanitation. The Minister of Water Resources, Mrs Sarah Ochekpe, said this in Abuja at a meeting on the… June 17, 2014 In "News" By Tosin Kolade Abuja -  The continuous clashes between herdsmen and farmers in Logo Local Government Area of Benue have been hindering effective sanitation interventions in the state. The Programme Manager, United Purpose, Mr Nanpet Chuktu, made the assertion at a Programme Coordinating Mechanism (PCM) meeting of the Rural Sanitation… March 27, 2018 In "News"