By Tolu Aiyegbusi Abuja  – The National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS), FCT Chapter has reiterated its support for government in the fight against COVID-19 and safe reopening of schools. President of the Chapter, Mrs Olusola Bankole, stated this while appreciating the FCT administration for supporting the association with some palliatives. In a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Wednesday, Bankole said the association received the palliatives which comprised 1,000 bags of 5kg rice and 2,000 bags of condiments with gratitude. She added that the association would continue to support government in the fight against COVID-19 by ensuring that its members observed social/physical distancing and other safety measures. Bankole disclosed that the association and its members would continue to support government’s directives on safe reopening of schools. She also thanked the Minister of FCT, Malam Muhammed Bello, and the Minister of State for FCT, Hajia Ramatu Aliyu, for their continued support for the association. ”We received the items with gladness and appreciate their support for the association. ”We also anticipate more support for schools in terms of grants and partnerships in providing quality education to the Nigerian child,” she said. (NAN) Lagos - The National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS) on Monday expressed concern that some parents are making plans to approach other member-countries of the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) for their wards to write the May/June 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). NAPPS said its… July 13, 2020 In "News" By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - The Kogi government has promised to sustain effective collaboration with the National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools (NAPPS) for quality education delivery in the state.The state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mr Wemi Jones, gave the assurance when the executives NAPPS, led by… June 23, 2020 In "Education" In part one of this piece, we advanced the position that schools should resume for examination classes in primary 6, JS 3, and SS3, as against the position of the Federal Government that the time is not yet safe to reopen schools. We ended the piece with the question: ‘so… July 17, 2020 In "Opinion"