By Alaba-Olusola Oke AKURE – Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has emerged the gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the October 10 election. Akeredolu polled 2,458 votes out of the total 2,793 votes cast to defeat 11 other contestants. Three aspirants– Ife Oyedele, Abraham Olusegun and Jimi Odimayo– had stepped down hours before the commencement of the exercise in support of Akeredolu ‘s aspiration. The election was held at the Dome in Akure and was  conducted through indirect mode. Governor Yahaya Bello, the Chairman of the Ondo State APC Primary Election Committee, who announced the election results, said Akeredolu  met the requirements and was certified winner having scored the highest vote. “This is to certify that Oluwarotimi Akeredolu having scored the highest number of votes cast is hereby declared winner,” he said. He noted that 3,016 voters were accredited while 33 votes were declared invalid. Bello ,who maintained that 12 aspirants  contested for the ticket, explained that Chief Olusola Oke polled 262 votes. Other contestants were Ife Oyedele(one), Nathaniel Adojutelegan (four), Jimi Odimayo(nill), Isaac Kekemeke(19), Jumoke Anifowose(two), Olusegun Abraham(nil), Olayide Adelami ( four vote), Awodeyi Akinsehinwa(one) Sola Iji(9) and  Bukola Adetula (nil) Commending the exercise, Akeredolu said that his victory was a show of love by party members. He urged his co- contestants to partner with one another to strengthen the party. The governor promised that he would start the process of reconciliation among aggrieved members of the party. Akeredolu, Sola Iji, Isaacs Kekemeke, Olusola Oke, Nathaniel Adojutelegan and Olayide Adelami were the only aspirants present at the venue of the primary. (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Akure -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday in Akure, Ondo, lauded Ondo All Progressives Congress gubernatorial aspirants for their loyalty to the party and supporting Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, the party’s candidate for the Nov. 26 elections in the state. Speaking at a meeting with the gubernatorial aspirants, APC… November 19, 2016 In "Politics" By Ayodeji Alabi Akure -   Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has denied the allegation of being behind the shooting which occurred during Friday’s rally for the Ekiti All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate, Dr Kayode Fayemi. This is contained in a statement issued in Akure on Saturday by… June 3, 2018 In "Politics" Akure - President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday, called for the support of the governorship candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the Nov. 26 gubernatorial election in Ondo State. Buhari made this call stated at the Democracy Park, Akure, during the party’s mega campaign rally. “I am pleased with the… November 19, 2016 In "Politics"