Kinshasa –  Thousands of opposition activists marched across Democratic Republic of Congo’s capital Kinshasa on Monday in renewed protest against the nomination of the election commission’s new head. Demonstrators braved rain and a ban on protests because of the COVID-19 outbreak to voice their opposition to the proposed appointment of Ronsard Malonda as president of the Independent National Electoral Commission (CENI). Critics in Congo say Malonda is too close to former President Joseph Kabila, who still wields strong influence, and say his oversight of a contested 2018 election was problematic. Police used tear gas to disperse crowds near parliament and in the east of the capital, where Jean-Pierre Bemba, a senior figure in the opposition party alliance of LAMUKA, led a march of thousands, a Reuters witness said. At least three people died in nationwide protests over Malonda’s appointment last week. Malonda was a senior member of CENI during the 2018 election which was marred by accusations the commission tampered with results to deny victory to LAMUKA’s candidate Martin Fayulu. “We do not want Ronsard Malonda at the head of the CENI, he is the driving force behind electoral cheating,” said a LAMUKA supporter named Edmond, who declined to give his full name. Last week LAMUKA in a statement called Malonda an “agent” of Kabila’s FCC political alliance, and demanded a financial and operational audit of CENI. The last month has seen rising tensions in the ruling coalition between supporters of President Felix Tshisekedi and those of his predecessor Joseph Kabila, who maintains extensive power through his parliamentary majority. (Reuters/NAN) Kinshasa -   Democratic Republic of Congo’s election board has postponed a presidential vote scheduled for Sunday by one week until Dec. 30 after a fire destroyed voting materials. Already delayed repeatedly since 2016, the poll is meant to choose a successor to President Joseph Kabila, who is to step… December 20, 2018 In "Foreign" Beni (Congo)   -  Dozens of people were on Thursday arrested as police in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), police clashed with demonstrators around the country in a fight about the timing of national elections. An official said on condition of anonymity in Beni (Congo) that the opposition parties took… May 27, 2016 In "Foreign" KINSHASA  - Moise Katumbi, a prominent opposition leader in Democratic Republic of Congo, said on Wednesday he would run in November's presidential election when incumbent Joseph Kabila is due to step down in accordance with the constitution. Kabila's opponents say he is trying to cling to power beyond his mandate… May 5, 2016 In "Foreign"