By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja  – Mr Olayide Adelami, an All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in Ondo State, has pledged to fight joblessness and poverty, if elected governor of the state.Adelami, a former Deputy Clerk of the National Assembly, said this on Wednesday at a news conference, shortly after submitting his expression of interest and nomination forms at the APC national secretariat in Abuja.“Numerous youths are disenchanted and hopeless, and that is why they are roaming the street.“We have so many of them in our state, who have been carrying their certificates around for the past five or six years, looking for jobs that are not there.“I’m coming to Ondo State to engage our teeming youths. They must work; they are our assets and I value them so much.“They are going to be given priority in the projects I’m going to execute in Ondo State, if I’m elected as governor,” Adelami said.The former deputy clerk, who said that he had managed human and financial resources over the years, added that he joined the governorship race to rescue the state from maladministration.“My entry into the contest is for real, and the mission is clearly defined: to come and rescue Ondo State from maladministration.“You all know that the party is disenchanted. There are lots of aggrieved members of APC; about of 80 percent of them are not happy with the situation of things.“My mission is to build the party and maintain cohesion. That is what I know how to do best.“I have managed human and financial resources over the years, and I’m now coming to do what I know how to do the best,” he said. (NAN) By Segun Giwa Akure - An All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in Ondo State, Mr Olayide Adelami, has promised to address all the inadequacies impeding the efficient implementation of the state’s Child’s Rights Law, if elected into office.Adelami gave the promise in a statement issued on Tuesday in Akure… June 16, 2020 In "Politics" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has directed that the Ondo State All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary should hold in Akure, the state capital, on July 20. Aspirants have since intensified their consultations mobilisation and virtual meetings, ahead of the exercise. The Unity Forum, a body of aggrieved stalwarts… June 10, 2020 In "Politics" A pressure group within the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Ondo APC Mandate Group (OAMG), has threatened to work against the party should the party give Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu second term ticket in view of array of anti-party allegations against him. Addressing newsmen at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja… June 12, 2020 In "Politics"