By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia  –  The Nasarawa State Government has restated its commitment in training civil servants in the state on Information and Communication Technology (ICT) for effective service delivery. Mr Shehu Ibrahim, the Director-General, state Bureau for Information and Communication Technology (ICT), made this known while speaking with newsmen in Lafia on Thursday. Ibrahim said that the importance of ICT to societal development could not be over-emphasised, hence the need for the state government’s commitment in that direction. The director-general also advised civil servants and other Nigerians to protect themselves against internet fraud which was common nowadays. According to him, ICT is one of the economic development pillars to gain national competitive advantage. He noted that ICT could improve the quality of human life because it could be used as a learning and education media. “I want to commend his Excellency, Gov. Abdullahi Sule for giving attention to the training and retraining of civil servants for effective service delivery. “The importance of ICT to societal development could not be overemphasised, that is why the state government is committed to the training of civil servants on ICT. “It is in view of this that I want to advise civil servants to embrace ICT knowledge considering its importance to societal development,” he said. Ibrahim restated the commitment of the bureau to continue to initiate good policies and programmes that would have direct bearing on the lives of the civil servants. (NAN) Lagos - Mr Temitope Ogunsemo, Managing Director, Krystal Digital Network Solutions Ltd, an I.T. firm, on Sunday called on the Federal Government to integrate Information and Communication Technology (ICT) operations in governance. Ogunsemo made the appeal at a news conference in Lagos. According to him, this will enhance public service… November 22, 2015 In "News" By Ibrahim Kado Gombe - Brig.-Gen. Suleiman Kazaure, the Director-General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), says bio-metric capturing has reduced incidents of impersonation and registration of ineligible graduates. Kazaure said this in Gombe on Tuesday at the North-East training workshop on bio-metric clearance of corps members for local governments inspectors. “This training is intended… January 23, 2019 In "News" ABUJA - The Director-General, Centre for Management Development (CMD), Dr Kabir Usman, on Wednesday said the centre had commenced training of more than 100 workers on economy oriented programmes in its digital centre, Abuja. Usman said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. [pro_ad_display_adzone… June 3, 2015 In "News"