By Diana Omueza  Abuja –  The Social Democratic Party (SDP), says there is no room in its party for defectors from other political parties to become candidates or flag bearers in the forthcoming Ondo State governorship election. Mr Alfa Mohammed, the National publicity Secretary of the party, made this remark in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja. Mohammed said that the party was not willing to field defectors because it had capable aspirants jostling to fly the party’s governorship ticket and win the election with integrity. “SDP will not field a defector as an aspirant in its primaries when it has enough capable aspirants, who are flying the party’s ticket to win the governorship election. “The party’s non defector aspirant, who will emerge winner and flag bearer through the indirect primary election will be announced unfailingly by tomorrow,” he said. Mohammed noted that SDP was in no written nor verbal agreement with any aspirants anywhere to defect from their parties and get fielded in its party through substitution process. He said that the clarification became necessary to dispel the rumour making the rounds on the social media that some aspirants from other parties had entered into an agreement with SDP with a view to defecting to the party. “Rumour has it that they would get fielded through substitution process if they fail to win the primary election of their parties. “We, therefore, wish to make it known that SDP will not field a defector,” he said. (NAN) Abuja - The All Progressives Congress (APC), on Wednesday in Abuja inaugurated a seven-member screening committee and a three-member appeals committee ‎for the Ondo gubernatorial election primaries. The seven-member Screening Committee is headed by Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State. The members are: Mr. Joe Igbokwe, Rep. Fatsuma Talba, Chief… August 4, 2016 In "Politics" By Obike Ukoh, Political pundits observed that the conduct of the just concluded primaries of the various political parties [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] to pick their candidates for the February general elections leaves much to be desired.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] They note that in some instances, some political stalwarts could not pick their parties’… January 9, 2015 In "News" ARBS MELBOURNE    -     London aluminium prices fell more than 2 percent on Monday after a Brazilian court approved emergency waste measures that could allow the world’s biggest alumina refinery to resume production. FUNDAMENTALS * ALUMINIUM: London Metal Exchange aluminium fell for a third session, dropping 2.2 percent to its weakest… October 8, 2018 In "Foreign"