By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Inspector-General of Police, IGP M.A Adamu, has directed the Commissioners of Police in all the States of the Federation and the FCT as well as their supervisory Assistant Inspectors General of Police in the seventeen (17) Zonal Commands to intensify confidence building patrols in all nooks and crannies of the country particularly on major highways and around critical national infrastructure to ensure a crime free Eid-el-celebration. DCP Frank Mba, Force Public Relations Officer, Force Headquarters, disclosed this on Thursday in a statement made available to Sundiata Post. The IGP, while assuring Nigerians of adequate security, congratulates the Muslim Faithfuls in the country as they join other Muslims across the world to celebrate this year’s Eid-el-Kabir festival. In addition, the IGP calls for voluntary compliance with the ban on all mass socio-religious gathering and other prevention orders directed at protecting the citizens and checking further spread of the COVID-19 virus in the country. He enjoins the citizens to cooperate with the Police, noting that the measures have become imperative due to the rampaging COVID-19 pandemic. ...Orders Massive Deployment Of Police Personnel Throughout the Country To Ensure Hitch Free Celebration   By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Inspector General of Police IGP Ibrahim K. Idris NPM, mni, has felicitated with Nigerian Muslims faithful throughout the country on the occasion of the 2018 Eid-el- Fitri celebration. Idris also… June 14, 2018 In "News" ABUJA - The Acting Inspector-General of Police, Mr Suleiman Abba, on Thursday ordered all commanding officers nationwide to provide water-tight security before, during and after the Eid el-kabir celebrations. Abba specifically directed all Zonal Assistant Inspectors-General and Commissioners of Police in the 36 states and the FCT to take measures… October 2, 2014 In "News" Abuja,- The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Solomon Arase, has ordered commissioners of police in states across the country to provide tight security to places of worship during the Eid el-Fitr festivities. This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday by the Force Public Relations Officer, Mr Emmanuel… July 15, 2015 In "News"