Alleged international fraudster, Ramoni Abass alias Huhspuppi, once sold second-hand clothes on the streets of Lagos State, British newspaper, Daily Mail, has reported. The report read in part, “Mr Abbas started out as a secondhand-clothes trader in Lagos before claiming to be a billionaire property developer in Dubai.” There were also reports by some of his old friends that his father was a taxi driver in Nigeria. The PUNCH could, however, not independently verify this. Hushpuppi was arrested in Dubai last month for allegedly diverting over half a billion dollars from private accounts through a series of fraudulent activities. He alongside others were subsequently extradited from the United Arab Emirates to the United States’ Federal Bureau of Investigation to face charges. The alleged fraudster, who boasts of over 2.4 million followers on social media, was known to always put his ostentatious lifestyle on display. Huhspuppi boasts of many luxury cars including two Rolls Royce, a Maybach,  a Bentley, a Ferarri, Mercedes G Wagon, and many more. He used strictly private jets for international travel where he videos himself consuming expensive champagne and food. The suspect usually puts inspirational captions beneath his posts in a bid to “encourage hard work among youths.” Little is known of his personal life but he admitted to fathering a child in 2013 who he said he would like to set up an account for “in case anything happened to me tomorrow.” (The Punch) •Hushpuppi    …as INTERPOL confirms arrest of suspected international fraudsterLaunches manhunt for accomplices in alleged trans-border fraud Plans are underway by the International Police (INTERPOL) Nigeria to extradite Instagram celebrity Raymond Igbalodely a.k.a. Hushpuppi from Dubai, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to Nigeria to face alleged multiple fraud charges, The… June 13, 2020 In "News" Eniola Akinkuotu, Abuja Alleged international fraudster, Ramon Abbas aka Ray Hushpuppi, once said his dream was to own two commercial motorcycles otherwise known as okada and a commercial bus popularly called danfo. He said this during a live Instagram video with social media influencer, Abisoye Michael, aka Oyemyke in 2018.… July 6, 2020 In "News" Other deals exposedFaces 20 years jail in USBut for his arrest in Dubai on June 10, 2020, suspected Nigerian fraudster Ramon Olorunwa Abbas a.k.a. Hushpuppi would by now have gone far in his plan to swindle an English premiership club of £100 million (approximately $124 million), according to US prosecutors.… July 4, 2020 In "News"