The Federal Government has evacuated 270 stranded Nigerians in Egypt, The Nation has learnt. The evacuees, according to a tweet by the Nigerians In Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), would arrive the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja by 6.00pm local time. The tweet noted the Egypt air flight departed with two other nationals. It also revealed that all evacuees tested negative for COVID-19. The tweet noted: “270 Stranded Nigerians departed Cairo Egypt via @eayptair for Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja with two other Nationals. “The flight is expected to arrive around 6:00 pm local time today. “All evacuees tested negative for COVID-19.” About 4000 Nigerians are said to have been stranded in various countries across the globe as a result of the global lockdown occasioned by the Covid-19 pandemic. Already, about 3000 have been evacuated back home since the evacuation processed began about two months ago. The Presidential Taskforce on Covid-19 has set July ending date for the conclusion of the evacuation process of stranded Nigerias across the world who had indicated interest to be evacuated. The Nation Nigerians stranded in the United States due to the coronavirus pandemic are on their way home. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that 160 Nigerians, including eight infants, made the first batch of evacuees. They are returning aboard an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 aircraft under the special flight arrangements by… May 10, 2020 In "News" •Geoffrey Onyeama, foreign minister ABUJA - The Federal Government has evacuated 292 Nigerians who were stranded in Saudi Arabia due to the lockdown necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The flight conveying the evacuees arrived late on Tuesday night at the Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport, Abuja. Their arrival was announced on… May 20, 2020 In "News" A total of 160 Nigerians evacuated by the Nigerian Missions in the United States have arrived at Abuja’s Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Daily Sun reports. Kimiebi Ebienfa of the Crises Monitoring and Public Communications Division, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, disclosed the details of the arrival in a terse message in… May 10, 2020 In "News"