By Aisha Cole  Lagos  –  The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) has said two persons died while three were injured when a 20-feet container fell on a commercial bus at Ilasamaja on the Oshodi-Badagry Expressway. LASEMA Director-General, Dr Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, who confirmed the accident on Sunday in Lagos, said the dead bodies and injured persons had been taken to Isolo General Hospital by LASEMA Responder. Oke-Osanyintolu said those who died had been identified as a male and female. He said when the LASEMA Responder got to the scene, it discovered that a truck with registration number SGM 715 XA and loaded with a 20-ft container had collided with a commercial bus discharging passengers under the bridge at Ilasamaja at about 7p.m. Oke-Osanyintolu said the impact of the fallen truck led to the immediate death of two passengers. He added that three other passengers, including the bus driver, were rescued with injuries and had been transferred to Isolo General Hospital by LASEMA’’s Responder. “Another three passengers escaped unhurt. ”The dead and the injured had been transferred to Isolo General Hospital by LASEMA Responder,” he said. He said that the Lagos State Transport Management Authority and the police were involved in controlling traffic in the area. (NAN). By Aisha Cole Lagos - Dr Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, the Director-General. Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), said an accident which involved a 40ft container-laden articulated vehicle had claimed one life while two people sustained injuries in Ogudu, Lagos. Oke-Osanyintolu made this known in an interview with the News Agency of… February 1, 2020 In "News" According to Premium Times, an unregistered Dangote Cement truck has crushed six people in a taxi to death, an official has said. The accident occurred at Epe Long-bridge, Epe Expressway of Lagos State. The taxi and the truck were operating despite a lockdown imposed on Lagos by the federal government… April 1, 2020 In "News" By Aisha Cole Lagos - The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) has confirmed the death of two people in a gas explosion which occurred on Thursday. It added that 23 others who were seriously injured were rescued  from the explosion that occurred at Adule Street, Off Ojo Road,  in… November 28, 2019 In "News"