A hotel made of gold, costing about $200m and taking 11 years to build has opened in Vietnam. According to reports, the hotel has 24-carat plating across lobbies, an infinity pool and rooms with even cutlery, cups, shower heads and toilet seats receiving the golden treatment. Coffee is served in a gold cup and bath time is taken in gilded splendour. “Dolce Hanoi Golden Lake hotel” which sits by Giang Vo Lake in the centre of the Vietnamese capital, has 400 rooms and will operate under the American Wyndham Hotels brand. Prices start at $250 a night for rooms, and there are also apartments for rent. Phillip Park, a South Korean guest said; “When I arrived here… I felt like a king, you know, the Pharaoh… the king of Egypt.” The relatively modest construction price tag was achieved by sourcing the gold plating locally — significantly reducing costs. Nguyen Huu Duong, chairman of Hoa Binh group that owns the hotel said; “We want the ordinary people to the super rich… to check-in. Our group has a factory that can do gold-plated stuff, so the cost for our equipment and furniture here is quite cheap.” On Coronavirus cramping global travel and tourism, Duong expressed hope of making back the money used in constructing the hotel in 2021. Here are more photos and a video of the hotel below: A post shared by Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jul 3, 2020 at 6:13am PDT Source By Tom Finn DOHA   - Qatar may house thousands of football fans in Bedouin-style tents in desert areas close to stadiums during the 2022 World Cup amid growing concerns about a potential shortage of accommodation during the tournament. Most of the likely 500,000 fans are expected to stay in… March 22, 2016 In "Foreign" Former Super Eagles defender, Taribo West has revealed that he and others often sneaked women in the camp.  Former Super Eagles hard-as-nails defender Taribo West has sensationally revealed how he and his national teammates sneaked women – both local and foreign – into camp during national assignments, Sunday Punch reports.… August 18, 2019 In "Sports" Former Super Eagles hard-as-nails defender Taribo West has sensationally revealed how he and his national teammates sneaked women – both local and foreign – into camp during national assignments, Sunday Punch reports. The former AC Milan centre-back turned pastor on retirement from football said it was rampant during his era… August 18, 2019 In "Interview"