By Ruona Isikeh Benin  –  Dr Iwinosa Ehigiator, a Medical Practitioner and Gynaecologist has advised pregnant women to always stay hydrated when diarrhoea occurs to avoid complications. Ehigiator gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Benin on Friday. “Pregnant women deal with diarrhoea quite a lot and if they are not cautious, it can cause problems, “If you experience diarrhoea, it’s important to stay hydrated. Watery, loose bowel movements remove a lot of fluid from your body. “Dehydration can happen quickly and be very serious especially for pregnant women. “Even when they are not experiencing digestive problems, pregnant women require more water than everyone else. “Drink water to replace the fluid you are losing. Drink juice and broth to help replace some of the electrolytes, vitamins, and minerals your body has lost,” he said. According to him, some women will not even experience frequent diarrhoea in their third trimester, though others will. Ehigiator advised pregnant women with signs and symptoms of stooling to always drink plenty of water or see a medical practitioner. (NAN) As the world fights to curb the spread of COVID-19, schools have closed, businesses have shut down; people are working from home or given unpaid leave, and a growing number of states have banned large gatherings. This means a lot more snuggle time for couples who live together. And naturally,… April 24, 2020 In "News" FREETOWN - The first Ebola Centre for Pregnant Women has opened in Freetown, one of the three West African nations most affected by the disease.a report said on Thursday.[pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] The medical humanitarian organisation, Medecins San Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) opened the centre in the city, The report said the… January 15, 2015 In "Foreign" Lagos   -  Mrs Chineye Okorie, a Cassava Farmer, on Thursday urged more farmers to embrace yellow cassava production because of its health benefits. She told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the yellow cassava variety was nutritionally beneficial to both children and pregnant women. NAN reports… May 13, 2016 In "News"