By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja –   Prof. Uche Uwaleke, an experts on Finance and Capital Markets at the Nasarawa State University Keffi, has described the 2020 revised budget signed by President Muhammadu Buhari as a realistic assumption. Uwaleke stated this when he appeared on Channels news at 10, monitored by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday. NAN recalls that Buhari on Friday signed the revised N10.8 trillion 2020 budget into law. He said the president needed to be commended for coming up with a realistic 2020 revised budget. The economist said the benchmarks were realistic as well as allocation of resources in the estimate. He noted that the allocation reflected the government’s priorities, adding that in the breakdown, work and housing, transport, power and agriculture had the largest share. “The 2020 revised budget is a child of necessity, in the sense by now, we would have been six months into the implementation of the budget. “Again that brings me to commend the Federal Government’s effort in restoring the budget cycle from January to December but just that COVID-19 is affecting this one. “That the budget is high or higher than what was initially presented, it is expected, in a period of recession, we wouldn’t be reducing spending, if you want to stimulate the economy and avert a severe recession as being projected, the option is to spend,” he explained. Uwaleke, however, commended Buhari for giving a marching order to the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning to ensure MDAs got at least 50 per cent of their capital allocation before the end of the month. He said that with this development, a significant implementation would be recorded before the end of the year. He, therefore, advised the government to revisit recurrent expenditures and make some amendments by reducing budget on contingencies, outsourcing services, international sporting events and defence among others. (NAN) Abuja  - An economic expert, Prof. Uche Uwaleke on Wednesday expressed concern that the proposed oil production of 2.2 million barrels per day in 2016 might not be feasible. Uwaleke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja said that the country might not be able… December 10, 2015 In "Business" Abuja  -  An Economist, Prof. Uche Uwaleke , has advised the Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun, to explore other sources of revenue to government outside oil. Uwaleke told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday that exploring other revenue sources would help Nigeria to achieve its goal of… November 13, 2015 In "Business" Abuja  -    Some economic experts, on Friday in Abuja urged the Federal Government to focus on full implementation of the capital component of the 2016 appropriation Act signed by the President Muhammadu Buhari. The experts told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in separate interviews that given the economic… May 6, 2016 In "News"