By Millicent Ifeanyichukwu Lagos –  The Performing Musicians Employers Association of Nigeria (PMAN) has called for support for Mabel Oboh, the Deputy Governorship Candidate of African Democratic Congress (ADC) in the upcoming Edo governorship election. Mr Obi Casmir, PMAN National President, made the call in a statement on Saturday in Lagos. Casmir said the group was soliciting support for Oboh because of her significant contributions to development of grassroots music in the country. Mabel Oboh, ADC Deputy Governorship candidate, Edo State “The PMAN household is happy with the emergence of Mrs Oboh as Deputy Governorship Candidate in Edo State, we are therefore soliciting for support of ADC that have found her worthy of the position. “Her numerous contributions to the PMAN family and general development of grassroots music in the country from onset, is remarkable and still making efforts to solidify the present PMAN. “We are proud of you, glad to be identified with your aspirations, praying for your victory and successful election and we want to assure you that we are solidly with you,” he said. Casmir, fondly called Voombastic Uncle P, said that Oboh was a major key to Ajegunle music as she provided the first digital studio in Ajegunle (JAHOHA STUDIO). According to him, the JAHOHA Studio, managed by her younger brother, John Oboh, a.k.a ‘Mighty Mouse,’ served as stepping stone which most major artistes in Nigeria passed through. “Some of the known musicians that thrilled the society with their albums are Daddy Shokey, African China, Black Face, Marvellous Benji, 2face, Daddy Fresh and my very self, Voombastic Uncle P,” he said. NAN reports that the Edo Governorship election is slated for Sept. 19. (NAN) The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has published the list of candidates contesting in the September 19th Edo state governorship election. According to the list released by INEC, there are 14 candidates which includes 13 males and one female. Festus Okoye, INEC national commissioner and chairman, information and voter education… July 1, 2020 In "Politics" Benin - The Edo Chapter of the Performing Musicians Association of Nigeria (PMAN) said in Benin on Sunday that it was proposing a multi-billion Naira Entertainment Village in Edo. The state chairman of the association, Mr Maleke Idowu, stated this when he led other leaders and members of the union… January 10, 2016 In "Style" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said it has noted several comments and personal attacks by the Minister of Information and National Orientation, Alhaji Lai Mohammed as well as other officials of the Buhari Presidency, who have been making deliberate efforts to impugn on… October 10, 2018 In "Politics"