Uyo  – The Akwa Ibom House of Assembly has confirmed eight commissioner nominees sent to the House for confirmation by Gov. Udom Emmanuel.Confirming the nominees at plenary on Thursday in Uyo, the Speaker of the House, Mr Aniekan Bassey, said that the nominees had earlier been screened by the House Committee on Judiciary, Justice, Human Rights and Public Petitions.He directed the Clerk of the House to forward the legislators’ resolution to the Governor for further action.“Accordingly, the list of commissioners and advisers sent by Gov Udom Emmanuel is hereby confirmed. The Clerk to the House, Mrs Mandu Umoren, is hereby directed to forward the resolution of the House to the governor for action,” Bassey said.The speaker advised those confirmed to add value to the State Executive Council and contribute their quota to the development of the people of Akwa Ibom.Those confirmed at plenary were Prof. Eno Ibanga; Mr Frank Archibong; Dr Augustine Umoh; Dr Ini Adiakpan; Mrs Enobong Mbobo; Mr Ini Ememobong; Mr Amanam Nkanga; and Dr Imo Moffat.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gov. Emmanuel had on July 16 forwarded the nominees’ names through a letter to the House for confirmation.Earlier, Mr Victor Ekwere, the Chairman, House Committee on Judiciary, Justice, Human Rights and Public Petitions, described the nominees as intelligent men and women of proven integrity. (NAN) UYO - Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom has forwarded 22 nominees for positions of commissioners and special advisers to the State House of Assembly for consideration. A letter read at plenary session on Wednesday by the Clerk, Mrs Mandu Umoren, said 20 nominees are for commissioners, while two are… June 17, 2015 In "News" Uyo -  Gov. Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom has forwarded the names of 20 persons to the State House of Assembly for appointment as Commissioners and Special Advisers. The names were ead on the floor of the House by the Clerk of the assembly, Mrs Mandu Umoren on Friday at… November 25, 2016 In "Top Stories" Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Tuesday sent a bill to amend the 2015 Appropriation Law to the State House of Assembly for consideration. The bill, which is contained in a letter, was read by the Speaker Mr Monday Igbuya, during plenary in Asaba. Okowa noted that the… September 8, 2015 In "News"