By Rita Iliya Minna  – Niger State Government has commiserated with the people of Suleja and Gurumana in Shiroro LGA of the state, over flood disaster and boat mishap that claimed 10 lives. In a statement on Sunday in Minna, Mrs Mary Noel-Berje, Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, said that the government was disturbed by the incidents. She noted that the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), Nigeria Hydrological Service Agency (NIHSA) and Nigeria Meteorological Agency (NIMET) had issued flood alerts to some council areas in Niger. She urged all residents of the areas to adhere strictly to government advice on temporary relocation and clearing of drains to avoid a repeat of the ugly incident. On the boat mishap in Gurumana Community in Shiroro LGA, the official said that it was regrettable. She said that the government was not relenting in efforts to end banditry. She added that security agencies had been adequately mobilised to ensure protection of lives and property. The chief press secretary appealed to NEMA to urgently intervene to reduce hardship faced by the people of both communities. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the government had, on July 13, appealed to communities around river banks, particularly the flood-prone areas and those situated on the tributaries of River Niger to be cautious and pay attention to the rising water levels in their areas. NEMA, NIHSA and NIMET had earlier predicted that some local government areas of the state and other states fall within highly probable flood-risk areas for 2020. (NAN) Munya (Niger)  -No fewer than 14 women died in two separate boat mishaps in River Sarkin Pawa and River Guni in Munya Local Government Area of Niger on Monday. Mr Bala Elikana, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, told the News Agency Nigeria (NAN), that ``the police were… August 25, 2015 In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has urged farmers to take the warning on rainfall prediction by the Nigeria Metrological Agency (NIMET) with all seriousness to avoid losses. Alhaji Mustapha Maihaja, Director General of the agency, gave the warning during a one-day sensitisation on “Climate… February 19, 2020 In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) in Niger will assist 13,965 identified farmers with agriculture input whose crops were destroyed during the 2018 flood. Mrs Lydia Wagami, Supervisor of the Team and Head of NEMA Minna Operations Office, disclosed this in an interview with the… May 10, 2019 In "News"