Istanbul  –   Turkish authorities on Tuesday raided a ship carrying 276 migrants and eight suspected smugglers before it could leave the coast of the Aegan city of Izmir, the coastguard said. In a joint operation following a tip-off, police and the coastguard stopped the Turkish-registered merchant ship docked near Izmir’s Narlidere district and detained the eight suspected smugglers. “The migrants on board, including 46 women and 59 children, were from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Syria, Somalia, the Central African Republic and Iran,’’ state news agency Anadolu said. The ship’s destination was not immediately known. Turkey hosts almost 4 million refugees, including 3.6 million from neighbouring war-torn Syria. Migrants from Syria and other conflict zones in the region attempt to use Turkey as a gateway into Europe. Tuesday’s foiled attempt in Izmir follows a tragic boat accident in the south-eastern city of Van. Search efforts are still ongoing 10 days after a boat carrying round 60 migrants capsized on Lake Van. “Authorities have recovered 11 bodies so far while five suspected smugglers were detained,’’ Anadolu said. (dpa/NAN) Istanbul - Three women and an infant were killed on Tuesday after a boat carrying 15 migrants sank in the Aegean Sea off Turkey’s western coast, the Turkish coastguard said. The remaining 11 people on board were rescued, the coastguard added. Turkish authorities sent five boats and a helicopter to… March 26, 2019 In "Foreign" By Steve Scherer ROME (Reuters) - A ship carrying hundreds of migrants has been abandoned by its crew in rough seas in the Mediterranean off Italy's south coast in the second such incident in three days, the Italian coastguard said on Friday. Coastguards managed to take control of the vessel,… January 2, 2015 In "Foreign" Istanbul - Hundreds of migrants walked through northwest Turkey toward its borders with Greece and Bulgaria on Friday, Turkish media reported, after a senior official said Ankara will no longer stop Syrian refugees from reaching Europe. On Thursday, Turkey said 33 Turkish soldiers were killed in an air strike by… February 28, 2020 In "Foreign"