The Police Service Commission (PSC) has dismissed 10 senior police officers and reduced the rank of eight others over various cases of misconduct in the line of duty. This was disclosed in a statement by the Head, Press and Public Relations, of the Commission, Ikechukwu Ani, on Monday. Ani said the decision was taken at the 8th plenary meeting of the Commission, which spanned three weeks and ended on Wednesday, July 1st, 2020. Although the statement did not name those affected, it revealed the dismissed officers were one Superintendent of Police (SP), five Deputy Superintendents of Police (DSP) and four Assistant Superintendents of Police (ASP). “A deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) and a Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) were reduced in rank, a decision which also affected four Superintendents of Police (SP), one Deputy Superintendent and Assistant Superintendent of Police. “The Commission also approved the punishment of severe reprimand for 16 Officers, reprimand for 13 and letters of warning to four others. Two Officers are to receive Letters of advice while eleven were exonerated. “The Commission in Plenary looked into eighty three disciplinary cases which included eighteen appeals and petitions. “The Commission had also at the Plenary approved the promotions of 6,618 senior Police Officers including one AIG to DIG, four CPs to AIG and three DCPs to CPs,” the statement reads. The Nation Abuja  -  The Police Service Commission (PSC) has approved the promotion of 156 senior Police Officers to the next rank. This is contained in a statement issued by Mr Ikechukwu Ani, Head, Press and Public Relations of the commission and issued to newsmen on Tuesday in Abuja. It said that… March 23, 2016 In "Top Stories" 4 Senior Police Officers Dismissed, 14 Others Reinstated - Commission June 21, 2017 In "Top Stories" Abuja - The Police Service Commission (PSC) has approved the dismissal of one Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) and the demotion of two other officers over alleged established cases of misconduct. The officers who had their ranks reduced were a Superintendent of Police (SP) and an Assistant Superintendent (ASP). This… March 25, 2016 In "News"