Dubai crown prince, Hamdan bin Mohammed has paid the hospital bill of a Nigerian family that was stranded in the country. Tijani and Suliyah Abdulkareem had welcomed their quadruplets at the Latifa Hospital for Women and Children on July 1, had no medical insurance and had hospital bills worth $120,000 to pay. They incurred the medical bill after their babies (two boys and two girls) were placed on ventilators at the neonatal intensive care unit after being born prematurely. Expressing gratitude to Hamdan bin Mohammed for coming to their aid, Abdulkareem said two of the children will be named after him while one of the girls will be named after the hospital. He said: “It’s just a huge favour, and we are still in shock because we didn’t even know how to get the money. I had been sleepless wondering how to pay the bill.” The 32-year-old chef also thanked the Nigerian community and everyone who assisted his family pay for two months rent for a bigger place to accommodate the quadruplets. Abdulkareem added: “We have been getting calls from Portuguese and Brazilian nationals in Dubai. People have been trying to reach us. The Nigerian community has been following us every step of the way.” Source By Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani UMUAHIA  -  Four months after giving birth in Umuahia, the capital of Nigeria's southeastern Abia state, 23-year-old single mother Amarachi Amadi is still in hospital with her baby girl. While the mother and her daughter are in good health, they are not allowed to leave the… July 12, 2016 In "News" •Streets were almost empty in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on Tuesday. The kingdom’s biggest cities are all under a 24-hour lockdown.Credit...Ahmed Yosri/Reuters By David D. Kirkpatrick and Ben Hubbard The senior Saudi prince who is governor of Riyadh is in intensive care with the coronavirus. Several dozen other members of the… April 8, 2020 In "Foreign" By Isaac Aregbesola   Abuj -  The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), says Federal Government will soon repatriate over 50 Nigerian girls trapped in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The Director–General NAPTIP, Dame Julie Okah–Donli, said this on Thursday in Abuja while briefing Foreign Affairs… August 10, 2018 In "Foreign"