Prince David Osei, a popular Ghanaian actor has once again questioned why the NDC has given the mantle to John Mahama to represent them in the forthcoming general election as their flagbearer. The award-winning actor in an exclusive interview with blogger ZionFelix explained that he sees no sense in NDC‘s decision to retain Ex-President Mahama as the party’s flag bearer whilst there are some other wise and better persons in the party who can. Prince David Osei, in the interview quizzed why a man who has served his term as a Vice and elected president before would still want to come back and lead the country whilst he has nothing better to offer? In his statements, he said the National Democratic Congress-NDC’s choice of a leader on their ticket to stand to be voted for in December’s election is an insult to Ghanaians adding that he’s served his term, therefore, must step down for others to join the race. WATCH THE INTERVIEW BELOW: Actor Prince David Osei quizzes A post shared by  Ghpage TV (@ghpage_tv) on Jul 27, 2020 at 4:51am PDT Ekow Spio Garbrah, Allan Bagbin were some of the top names in NDC he mentioned as perfect fits as flag bearers and would be a good competition for the Nana Addo in the December 2020 elections. The renowned actor stated that if any of the above-mentioned individuals were to be elected by the NDC to stand on their ticket in the Presidential race, he would have personally rooted for the NDC as he did for Nana Addo in 2016. Ghpage By Matthew Mpoke Bigg ACCRA (Reuters) - Ghana's main opposition New Patriotic Party voted overwhelmingly on Saturday to retain Nana Akufo-Addo as its leader for the 2016 election, setting up a rematch of the last poll when he lost narrowly to President John Mahama. The election is also expected to… October 19, 2014 In "Foreign" He added that he finds it unfortunate that he is approached with such circumstances despite being the type that does everything possible to maintain a fresh breathe.  Prince David Osei  Ghanaian actor, Prince David Osei has stated that he can never allow actresses with bad breathe to come close to him. According… July 25, 2019 In "Entertainment" Accra     -    President Nana Akufo-Addo of Ghana has sworn into office a new chairperson of the Electoral Commission (EC). The president said on Wednesday night that the chair, Jean Mensa, and her two deputies, together with a member of the commission who was also sworn in, took office at a… August 2, 2018 In "Foreign"