Eleven All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship aspirants on Friday sent a formal letter to the party’s Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee (CEONCPC) rejecting the indirect mode of primary election on July 20. Only Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, who is seeking re-election, did not append his signature on the formal letter submitted to the office of the National Chairman of the party in Abuja. The letter dated 8th July, 2020, titled: “Why indirect primary cannot be an option for Ondo State Governorship Primary Election,” was submitted by Chief Olusola Oke, one of the aspirants on behalf of others at the National Chairman’s office at about 3:15pm. It was gathered the aspirants were reacting to a Thursday statement by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) that indirect mode of primary election has been approved for the party’s July 20 governorship primary. Those who rejected the indirect mode are: Joseph Olusola Iji; Odimayo Okunjimi; Olayide Owolabi Adelami; Issacs Kekemeke; Olusola Oke Alex; lfeoluwa Olusola 0yedele and Olajumoke Olubusola Anifowoshe. Others are: Awodeyi Akinsehinwa Akinola Colinus, Olubukola Adetula, Dr.Abraham Olusegun Michael and Dr. Nathaniel Adojutelegan. Details shortly… The Nation The Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee (CEONCPC) ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has settled for in-direct mode of primary for the Ondo State Governorship Primary slated for July 20. Screening of the 12 aspirants also began at an undisclosed hotel in Utako suburb area of the Federal Capital, Abuja on… July 8, 2020 In "Politics" By Segun Giwa Akure - The factional Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, Mr Henry Olatuja, has urged the national leaders of the party to warn the Chairman of Nigerian Governors’ Forum, Dr Kayode Fayemi, to steer clear of the state’s politics.Olatuja stated this on Tuesday… July 7, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The adopted Mode of primaries by the All Progressives Congress may further split the party members in some state as governor of Imo state,  Rochas Okorocha, Senator Magnus Abe and other stakeholders kicked against the decision of the party national working committee.   … September 26, 2018 In "Top Stories"