A couple who were married for more than half a century reportedly succumbed to coronavirus complications on the same day in Texas. According to CNN, Betty and Curtis Tarpley, 80 and 79, died within an hour of each other on June 18 and held hands during their final minutes together. The couple’s son, Tim Tarpley, told the network that Betty showed symptoms of the deadly disease just before she was taken to Texas Health Harris Methodist Hospital Fort Worth on June 9. Curtis was admitted to the same hospital just two days later. Tarpley said Betty phoned both him and his sister, telling them she was at peace with dying as her condition continued to decline. “I just screamed, ‘No!’ I was like, ‘I’ve got too much, too many other things to do in this life that I want to show you, and I’m not ready,” he recalled to CNN. Once the family updated Curtis on Betty’s worsening prognosis, his health began to suffer as well. “I really feel like he like he was fighting because he was supposed to and once he knew she wasn’t gonna make it, then he was okay with, you know, taking it to the house, I think he fought because he thought the team needed him, but he was also tired and he was in pain.” While Betty and Curtis – who were married for 53 years — were in separate rooms during treatment, they were placed together when they entered comfort care. Blake Throne, an ICU nurse at the hospital, did his best to make that happen, according to CNN. “It felt like the right thing to do was to get them together,” Throne told the outlet. “I started inquiring about if it was even possible and then I started shaking the tree to try to get it done.” Betty died about 20 minutes after they were placed together, and Curtis followed around 45 minutes later. Source WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An American writer released this week from two years in the captivity of insurgents in Syria is doing well and is excited to be free, his mother said on Tuesday. Peter Theo Curtis, 45, went missing in 2012 and was held by Nusra Front, al Qaeda's official… August 27, 2014 In "Foreign" •US President Donald Trump Just like in Nigeria, where this column described the month of March 2020 as one of missed opportunities in the early fight against Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, February 2020 has  been described as ‘a lost month’ in the early fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in the United… June 29, 2020 In "Opinion" Former Executive Secretary of National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS), Prof Usman Yusuf has accused Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of spreading coronavirus across the North. In this interview, the professor of haematology-oncology and bone marrow trans-plantation, warned that Nigeria’s end has started in Kano if urgent steps are… May 2, 2020 In "Interview"