By Yetunde Fatungase Ibafo (Ogun) –  The Ogun Government on Tuesday commenced the assessment of private business outfits’ preparedness for post-COVID-19 operations. The Deputy Governor, Mrs Noimot Salako-Oyedele, who visited Hi-impact Planet, a private holiday resort in Ibafo, said that the move was to ensure compliance with COVID-19 prevention measures. Salako-Oyedele, who is also the Chairman of the COVID-19 Task Force in the state, said government would ensure that every private business outfit in the state was prepared for the post COVID-19 era. “We shall evaluate the preparedness of business outfits for the gradual reopening of the state’s economy. “ It is to get a first hand knowledge of how key players in the commercial sector are gearing up for operation after this period. “We have observed that measures are being put in place by business owners such as this in preparation for the reopening, ” she said. Salako-Oyedele commended the management of Hi-impact Planet for providing a functional sanitary point and a well equipped medical facility within the centre. “As a government, we are working assiduously to reopen all key sectors of the economy, we want strict adherence to all prescribed safety measures,” she said. Also speaking, Mr Yanju Lipede, the Chief Executive Officer of the centre, described safety as paramount in the planned reopening of the commercial sector. He pledged the readiness of the facility to exhibit high sanitary standards in its operations, saying, “we shall adhere strictly to all prescribed measures against COVID-19 spread.” (NAN) By Yetunde Fatungase Abeokuta - The Living Faith Chapel International (a.k.a Winners Chapel) on Wednesday handed over an ambulance and medical consumables to the Ogun Government toward the fight against Coronavirus pandemic. The medical equipment were handed over to the state Deputy Gov. Noimot Salako-Oyedele by Pastor David Oyedepo (Jnr),… April 1, 2020 In "News" By Yetunde Fatungase Mowe (Ogun) - The Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), on Tuesday donated intensive care medical equipment to the Ogun Government to assist it in the containment of COVID-19 pandemic. The equipment include: two ventilators; two intensive care unit beds; two infusion pumps; one vital signs monitor… April 7, 2020 In "News" •Governor Abiodun ABEOKUTA - The Ogun State government has shifted the lockdown directive earlier put at midnight of Monday, March 30 to Friday, April 3, 2020. This was disclosed by the Governor Dapo Abiodun while addressing the people of the state, shortly after inspecting a 128-bed isolation facility located within… March 31, 2020 In "News"