Gunmen Shot Dead By Worshipper During Attempted Robbery In Church Two gunmen met their waterloo as they were both shot dead by a worshipper during an attempted robbery attack in a South African church, yesterday, during a church service. They were shot dead by Pieter van der Westhuizen, the brother of South African rugby legend Joost van der Westhuizen. According to reports, the three robbers stormed the Querencia Ministries church in Wierda Park, Centurion, South Africa, on Sunday and proceeded to try and rob members of the congregation at gunpoint. According to Netwerk24, two of the robbers were then killed by Pieter van der Westhuizen who was among the congregation. The third robber was wounded but managed to escape using the car they came with. According to Ruan Heyns of the Community Emergency Response Team, the pastor of the church, Kobus Erasmus and other worshippers were pushed around and pistol-whipped by the men. According to Ruan, at one point one of the robbers reportedly held a pistol to Erasmus’ head. The shooter, Van der Westhuizen,a former police officer himself, is co-operating with the police investigation and his lawyer Ulrich Roux has said his client acted in self-defence when he used the weapon to shoot the attackers. The shooter’s older brother, Joost van der Westhuizen, made 89 appearances in test matches for the national team, scoring 38 tries and participated in three Rugby World Cups. He died in 2017 after being diagnosed with motor neurone disease. Source Worshippers at a church in Benin City, the Salvation Givers Church Ministries International, Friday morning got more than they bargained for when armed robbers invaded the church and unleased mayhem on members at a special holy ghost programme tagged “Kokobo Night,” meant to cast demons and evil spirits from members.… March 31, 2015 In "News" Armed men believed to be robbers have attacked a commercial bank in Ondo State, south-west Nigeria. The Public Relations Officer of the State Police Command, Mr Femi Joseph, confirmed this to Channels Television on Tuesday. The bank, according to him, is located at Iju in Akure North Local Government Area… August 6, 2019 In "News" At least five people were killed and 40 others, including off-duty police officers, were arrested on Saturday after gunmen stormed a South African church, reportedly over a leadership dispute, the national police commissioner said. According to a statement by South Africa’s top cop, General Khehla John Sitole: “Four people were… July 11, 2020 In "Foreign"