UK –   Failing to qualify for next season’s Champions League will not cause Manchester United to panic and alter their plans in the transfer market, manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said on Saturday. United are fifth in the Premier League standings with 58 points, one behind Leicester City, who occupy the final Champions League spot with four games to play. With second-placed Manchester City facing a European ban for breaching UEFA financial rules, fifth would guarantee qualification for the Champions League unless City win an appeal in the Court of Arbitration for Sport. “I don’t think the club will panic or go crazy with plans that we’ve already talked about for years to come. “You do have to have a long-term plan but short-term some decisions will be easier to make if you get the Champions League,”Solskjaer told reporters in a virtual news conference ahead of Monday’s Premier League home game against 12th-placed Southampton,” he said. United could also qualify for the Champions League by winning the Europa League, where they hold a 5-0 advantage over LASK heading into the second leg of their last-16 tie. United, who are on a 17-match unbeaten run in all competitions, have won each of their last four Premier League games by three goals and Solskjaer said attacking football was ingrained in the club. “It’s about winning, of course it is, but it’s also about our fans and the way we approach the game. ” You play with pace, power, you play with no fear, you take risks and you’ve got players who have got quality. “That’s just the DNA of the football club,”he said. Striker Mason Greenwood has had an impressive breakthrough campaign, scoring 16 goals in all competitions, and Solskjaer brushed off suggestions that the 18-year-old had exceeded expectations. “We know what he’s capable of and always trusted him to be a part of this squad and chip in with performances and goals, we’ve seen it every day,” he said. ( Reuters/NAN) Manchester (UK) - Ole Gunnar Solskjaer should be the favourite to be named new Manchester United manager next season, according to former club goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel. The Dane said this was because the Norwegian Solskjaer has restored the club’s “culture and identity” after being put in caretaker charge. Solskjaer’s impact… February 28, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United can secure a top-three finish in the Premier League if they get 15 points from their remaining six games, manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said on Friday. United, lying sixth with 61 points after a poor run of results, are locked in a battle for third with Chelsea (66… April 12, 2019 In "Sports" Solskjaer Manchester (UK) - Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is convinced he would be given time to complete his rebuilding project at Old Trafford and says he retains the backing of the club hierarchy. Solskjaer has come under increased pressure after back-to-back English Premier League defeats by Liverpool and… January 24, 2020 In "Sports"