ABUJA – Former head of State Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar on Thursday denied that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) searched his house in Minna, Niger State. A statement by his Military Assistant Captain J. Mfon (rtd), said: “The attention of His Excellency, Gen. A A A Abubakar has been drawn to reports that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) searched his house in Minna, Niger State, on the orders of its Acting Chairman, CP Ibrahim Magu, and he feels the need to put the record straight: his house has never been searched by either EFCC or any security agency. “However, sometime in 2017 operatives of the Commission from Kano zone came to Minna to search a house in Tunga. The team ended up at His Excellency’s Guest House in Minna and told the security officers on duty that they had instructions from their zonal head to search the property. “The officers said since the numbering of houses in Tunga was haphazard, it must be a case of mistaken identity. When CP Magu was contacted, he said he was not aware of the operation. Thereafter, the EFCC team from Kano left. His Excellency’s understanding is that they realised they came to the wrong address. However, no search was conducted in the guest house. “His Excellency as a rule does not comment on media publications directed at or concerning him. He has taken this step in view of the reactions these reports are generating. His Excellency felt the need to provide this important clarification due to the ongoing media frenzy insinuating His Excellency’s role in Magu’s issue.” The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA), have allegedly discovered $9 million cash at the residence of the sacked Special Adviser on Niger Delta to President Muhammadu Buhari and Coordinator of the Presidential Amnesty Programme, Brig.-Gen. Paul Tarelah Boroh (rtd). President… March 21, 2018 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The PDP Presidential candidate Abubakar Atiku‘s sons’ apartment in Abuja was reportedly raided the by Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC over the weekend. The building also houses an apartment occupied by Chiemeka Orji, son of ex-Abia State Governor, Theodore Orji. That apartment was also reportedly… December 10, 2018 In "News" By Kate Obande-Okewu Abuja -  Mrs Ibinye Boroh, Wife of the former Coordinator, Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP), Brig.-Gen. Paul Boroh (Rtd), has debunked the rumour in the social media that Nine million dollars was recovered from their house. Boroh confirmed to newsmen on Wednesday in Abuja that the Economic and… March 21, 2018 In "Top Stories"