Tehran –   Iranian President Hassan Rowhani on Wednesday expressed his ongoing hope that international cooperation could lead to the successful implementation of the nuclear deal signed in 2015. The nuclear agreement symbolizes the value of multilateral deals, said Rowhani while marking the fifth anniversary of the pact. “We therefore hope that such international values won’t be damaged by U.S. policy and that the signatories can implement the deal after all.” He blamed the deal’s current fragility as being a conspiracy by the “vicious triangle” Saudi Arabia, the U.S. and Israel, to provoke Iran to withdraw so they could blame Tehran for its failure. The nuclear agreement, known as the JCPOA, was intended to enable Iran to have a civilian nuclear programme, while preventing nuclear weapons, in exchange for the lifting of crippling economic sanctions. The deal began to fray in 2018 as President Donald Trump withdrew the U.S. and re-imposed sanctions. Iran then began violating many of the agreements made in 2015. Since then, the agreement has been on the brink of failure, with the remaining signatories – China, France, Britain, Russia and Germany, sticking with it, though they cannot implement the economic part of the deal with the U.S. Since 2019, Iran has enriched more uranium than allowed under the deal, as well as exceeded the level of enrichment permitted. Rowhani said that Tehran would immediately respect the conditions laid out by the deal again as soon as the other parties did so first. (dpa/NAN) Tehran  -     President Hassan Rowhani blamed Iran’s woes on U.S. President Donald Trump and an “American conspiracy” as he defended his government’s response to the country’s economic crisis. “There is an anti-Iran group sitting in the White House that is planning a conspiracy against us,” Rowhani told lawmakers in parliament Tuesday,… August 28, 2018 In "Foreign" Washington - The U.S. is expected to impose fresh sanctions on Iran on Monday, days after U.S. President Donald Trump stopped short of launching airstrikes on Iranian targets. This was in response to Iran’s downing of a U.S. drone worth 130 million dollars. Before departing for Saudi Arabia and the… June 24, 2019 In "Foreign" Tehran - The office of Iranian President Hassan Rowhani on Tuesday confirmed the resignation of Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif however said the president would not accept it. “Zarif had carried out his work courageously and would continue to do so. “Zarif will not be alone and we [the government]… February 26, 2019 In "Foreign"