No fewer than 30,000 Nigerian youths entered for the fifth edition of Big Brother Naija, BBNaija. The organizers, MultiChoice Nigeria, made the disclosure on Saturday. They were, however, silent on the number of housemates that will enter the BBNaija house in 2020. Currently, those who made the final cut are in quarantine to ensure they are not exposed to coronavirus infection. The Season 4 edition in 2019 featured a total of 26 participants. They were Mercy, Mike, Frodd, Omashola, Seyi, Diane, Ike, Elozonam, Cindy, Tacha, Khafi, Venita, Sir Dee, Esther, Gedoni, Jackye, Joe, Enkay, Jeff, Nelson, Thelma, Tuoyo, Kim Oprah, Ella, Avala and Isilomo. Chief Customer Officer, Martin Mabutho, revealed that the BBNaija prize money this year will be “the highest ever in the history of the show”. Last year, the winner Mercy Eke, went home with N30 million prize money. Martin added that BBNaija will continue to provide “quality entertainment and value for the audience while exporting Nigerian culture to the world”. Source Multichoice Nigeria, organisers of the annual Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, reality television show, has disclosed that the winner of its new season will get a total prize worth of N60million. It disclosed that the winner of the season 4 reality show will get N30m cash prize and a total prize… June 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" Twenty-one housemates, for a period of 99 days, will struggle to emerge as winner of the N60m grand prize.  Ex-Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, Tokunbo Idowu, popularly known as Tboss, has revealed who should be the winner of ‘Pepper Dem’ edition of the reality TV show.  Tboss, who was also… August 5, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja -  As the third edition of the Big Brother Naija (BBnaija) reality television show starts on Jan. 28, ex-housemates have advised would be contestants to exhibit positive attributes and exemplary qualities of themselves during the show. The ex-housemates’ who were contestants in the second edition in… January 4, 2018 In "Entertainment"