The New York City’s medical examiner, on Thursday revealed that Fahim Saleh the CEO of ‘Gokada’ died of multiple stab wounds. CNN reports that an autopsy by the city’s Office of the Chief Medical Examiner ruled that Saleh died as a result of stab wounds to the neck and torso and found his manner of death to be a homicide. It’s been reported that Authorities are still investigating the matter to find the assassin and the culprits behind Saleh’s death. Also, his family in a statement said “no words or actions to provide any of us comfort except the capture of the person who exhibited nothing short of evil upon our loved one.” “He was such a brilliant and innovative mind. “The headlines talk about a crime we still cannot fathom. “Fahim is more than what you are reading. He is so much more. “His brilliant and innovative mind took everyone who was a part of his world on a journey and he made sure never to leave anyone behind,” the statement read. Recall that the 33-year-old who was also a co-founder of ride-sharing venture ‘Pathao’, was found dead in his Manhattan’s Lower East Side apartment on Tuesday. According to NYPD officers, his body was found dismembered with his limbless, headless torso lying close to an electric saw. Source •The late Fahim Saleh Fresh facts have emerged that the gruesome killing of Gokada founder and Chief Executive Officer, Fahim Saleh, was “financially motivated”. The 33-year-old was found dismembered inside a luxury apartment in New York’s Lower East Side on Tuesday afternoon. Saleh’s body was cut with a power saw, which… July 16, 2020 In "Metro" •Fanim Saleh riding on one of his motorcycles in Lagos. Photo: Daily Mail By Harrison Arubu New York - Detectives are hunting for a suspect in the gruesome murder of Fahim Saleh, the Chief Executive Officer of Lagos-based motorcycle-hailing company, Gokada, in New York on Tuesday. The decapitated and dismembered… July 15, 2020 In "Top Stories" Michael Brown, the unarmed 18 year old black boy who was killed by a police officer in St. Louis on Saturday August 9th, sparking protests around the nation, was shot at least six times, including twice in the head, a preliminary private autopsy performed on Sunday found. One of the… August 18, 2014 In "Foreign"