According to a report by The PUNCH, the suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu’s problems worsened on Wednesday as the presidential panel investigating corruption allegations against him shifted its focus to properties he allegedly acquired in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates. The suspended EFCC boss, who has been in the police custody since his arrest on Monday, was interrogated for the third time on Wednesday. The PUNCH also gathered that fresh allegations emerged against Magu as the panel continued its sitting just as he was again detained after Wednesday’s interrogation. Magu was accosted by security agents in plain clothes in front of the old EFCC headquarters on Fomella Street, Wuse 2, Abuja, at noon on Monday and compelled to appear before the panel. He has been in police custody at the Force Criminal Investigation Department, Garki, since Monday from where he has been appearing before the panel to respond to questions on the allegations raised against him by the Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN). Like what happened on Monday and Tuesday when the panel quizzed Magu for several hours, journalists were again on Wednesday not allowed access to the Old Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, venue of the interrogation. Some State House reporters who attempted to enter the press gallery located inside the building were politely turned back. Even those who attempted to park their vehicles in the car park of the facility were asked to make use of other parks within the Presidential Villa. The PUNCH gathered that the Justice Ayo Salami-led panel was interested in establishing if indeed Magu bought properties abroad, particularly in Dubai, where he was said to have travelled to several times on official and private visits. It was further learnt that the panel also was preoccupied with allegations that N39bn had been diverted from the recovered loot. Sources said the panel would carry out forensics on documents recovered from Magu’s house as well as an analysis of his earnings and bank records. A source stated, “The panel is working to verify allegations that Magu has properties in Dubai and other parts of the world. It is also probing an allegation that funds were diverted from recovered loot. “I don’t know how far the panel has gone in exploring these interesting angles, but real estate titles and bank records would leave a trail that cannot be hidden. The panel planned to subject documents recovered from Magu’s residence and office to forensic analysis.” After being questioned for eight hours on Wednesday, Magu was taken back in police custody, where he spent Monday and Tuesday nights. Source For hours on Monday, Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Ibrahim Magu testified before a panel looking into allegations levelled against him by Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice Abubakar Malami (SAN). The panel is headed by Justice Isa Ayo Salami, a retired president… July 7, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has suspended the acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Ibrahim Magu, The PUNCH can reports. Buhari had earlier set up a presidential panel headed by Justice Ayo Salami to probe the various allegations leveled against the EFCC boss. The panel grilled Magu… July 7, 2020 In "News" •Ibrahim Magu ‘’It has been long coming. Expect things to be done differently from now on,’’ a source in the thick of things told me regarding the ‘’arrest’’ of Ibrahim Magu, acting EFCC chairman, by security operatives.  Magu’s fall – even though delayed – preceded him. He walked on molten… July 7, 2020 In "Opinion"