Seoul –   North Korea on Saturday denounced UK for announcing sanctions against two organisations that the British government has said are involved in forced labour, torture and murder in North Korean prison camps. The move against the two organisations, named as the Ministry of State Security Bureau 7 and Ministry of People’s Security Correctional Bureau, is part of the first sanctions under UK’s new global human rights regime. Sanctions on 25 Russians and 20 Saudis were also announced. “UK’s latest move is a flagrant political plot to jump on the bandwagon of the United States’ inimical policy,” a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesperson said in a statement carried on state media KCNA. “We strongly condemn and reject the UK’s daring to impose sanctions on the institutions responsible for our country’s security as violent interference in domestic affairs.” Report says the sanctions will take the form of asset freezing. North Korea and the U.S. have failed to find a compromise over North Korea’s nuclear weapons programme or international sanctions imposed on Pyongyang. Recent North Korean statements, including one by Kim Yo Jong, the sister of North Korea’s leader Kim Jong Un, have reiterated Pyongyang’s objections to what it sees as hostile and self-serving policies of the U.S. NAN SEOUL  - Namibia has halted ties with two North Korean state-run companies, that had built a munitions factory and were involved in projects for its military, to comply with U.N. sanctions on Pyongyang, Namibian media and the South Korean government said. The Namibian government has terminated services of Korea Mining… July 1, 2016 In "Foreign" Tokyo -   Japan will impose additional sanctions against North Korea following the reclusive country’s repeated missile launches and unresolved abduction issue, its top government spokesman said on Friday. Chief Cabinet Secretary, Yoshihide Suga, told reporters that Japan would freeze the assets of six more organisations and two more individuals… August 25, 2017 In "Foreign" Seoul -  North Korea fired a ballistic missile from a submarine on Saturday but it appears to have failed soon after launch, South Korea's military said. The launch comes at the end of a week of sharply rising tensions on the peninsula. It is only a day after the U.S.… July 9, 2016 In "Foreign"