By Stanley Nwanosike  Enugu  –  The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) Command in Enugu has arrested a suspected human trafficker, Mrs Okafor Chioma, who specialise in recruiting under-aged girls to run prostitution cartel. CSP Danny Iwuchukwu, spokesman for the command, said this in a statement on Thursday in Enugu. Iwuchukwu alleged that the suspect was recruiting underage girls aged between 12 and 16, and sending them to brothels in different states for prostitution. He said that she was arrested in Enugu on June 18 following intelligence report on her nefarious activities. Iwuchukwu said that the suspect, a widow who hailed from Nsugbe community in Anambra State, confessed to the crime and said she had been in the business for over four years. “On their method of operation, she confessed that she works with a syndicate that brings the girls to her. “And that her job is to give the girls out to different brothels where they would be prostituting and be remitting proceeds to her. “She confessed that before giving the girls out, that she normally enters into an agreement with them. “She said that the agreement varies from person to person putting into consideration how beautiful a particular girl is, while some pay her N50,000, others pay as much as N100,000. “She further said that the agreement usually last for six months after which the girls will be freed. “She, however, pleaded for forgiveness promising to stop the business,’’ he said. Iwuchukwu said that the command has made contact with some of the girls (victims) recruited into the business by the suspect and they were willing to testify. He, however, said that investigation was ongoing to track down some of the syndicate working for the suspect. (NAN) The ringleader of a human trafficking syndicate who allegedly specializes in selling young girls out for prostitution has been arrested. The 30-year-old suspect, Omowunmi Michael, was arrested at her Iyana-Ipaja home by operatives of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corp (NSCDC), Lagos State command. Omowunmi revealed that she usually… January 17, 2020 In "Metro" Enugu   -   The police said in Enugu on Wednesday that they had nabbed four suspects in possession of a human skull on the Enugu-Abakaliki expressway. Briefing newsmen, the Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Ekechukwu Nwodibo, said that the four men were arrested in a bus. “We arrested these… January 20, 2016 In "Metro" By Kadiri Abdulrahman Abuja - The Director-General of the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), Ms Julie Okah-Donli, has commended operative of the agency for their commitment to rid Nigeria of human trafficking and other crimes. Okah-Donli gave the commendation against the backdrop of NAPTIP’S raid… March 28, 2019 In "News"