By Segun Giwa Akure  –  An interest group under the All Progressives Congress (APC), Aketi Women Campaign Network, has advocated for a female deputy governorship candidate from the party.The Coordinator of the group, Princess Adebunmi Osadahun, said this during a solidarity gathering on Tuesday in Akure.According to her, it is unfair that the state has not produced a female deputy governor since the creation of the state in 1976.Osadaun also noted that no woman had ever become a senator, aside only a House of Representatives member, adding, however, that this was not enough representation when compared with the votes being churned out by women.She said that as the governorship election was on the way in the state, it was high time a woman became the running mate of the party’s standard bearer, Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu.“Women have come a long way in our socio-political struggles in Ondo State, but without the expected recognition.“Many credible women had served the state creditably well before. So it is time for us now to occupy the position of deputy governor.“I believe that our state has credible and capable women to lead as it obtains in other states in the South-West.“Indeed, none of these states has treated its women as our state is treating us. Not even Ekiti, where women have had the opportunity of being deputy governor and senators.“Ondo has never had a single female senator since 1976. The best we’ve had was just a member of the House of Representatives, courtesy of former Gov. Adebayo Adefarati.“The Secretary to the State Government (SSG) has also become a no-go area for us in the state,” she lamented.Osadaun, therefore, urged Akeredolu and the leadership of the party in the state to consider one of them for the deputy governorship slot.“We are urging our governor to give us the deputy governorship slot. We have the numerical strength and capable women who are good enough to be picked as Akeredolu’s running mate,” she said. (NAN) By Segun Giwa Akure - The Association of Female Politicians in Ondo State has advocated that the position of deputy governor be conceded to women across all political parties ahead of the gubernatorial election in 2020. Mrs Olawumi Ohwovoriole, a former Commissioner for Women Affairs and one of the leaders… June 11, 2019 In "News" By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, has predicted that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) would defeat the current All Progressives Congress (APC) admistration in the state 2020 gubernatorial election. Sen. Tofowomo in a statement by his media… December 31, 2019 In "Politics" By Muftau Ogunyemi   Akure   -      Mrs Modupe Akindele-Martins, a chieftain of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Ondo State, has dumped the party with her supporters for Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). She disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Akure on Sunday. Akindele-Martins… August 5, 2018 In "Politics"