The winner of the governorship primary of the Peoples Democratic Party in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede, has said his emergence as the party’s candidate would end the reign of Governor Rotimi Akeredolu in the state. Jegede emerged winner of the PDP primary on Wednesday night, having polled 888 votes, defeating other seven aspirants including the state deputy governor, Agboola Ajayi, who scored 675 votes. Jegede, who spoke on Thursday, in Akure, the state capital, said he was ready to face get the state for the PDP in the forthcoming October 1o governorship election in the state. The former Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in the state called for the support and cooperation of the aspirants and other party members to ensure the party takes over the state in the main election. He said, “By the support of the people of the state and other party members, we will take over government of Ondo come October 2020.” He dedicated his victory to all party members and other co-aspirants and urged them to ensure they work together for the victory of the party. Jegede said “ We are all winners in Ondo State and I dedicate this victory to people of Ondo and to my co-aspirants who have shown sportsmanship. “By this victory, we serve a notice on the APC that for them, the end has come. By the grace of God, and with the assistance of the people and with the support of all the co-aspirants, we will take over the government of Ondo State come October 2020.” Punch By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - Mr Eyitayo Jegede (SAN) has emerged as a candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) for the Oct. 10 governorship election in Ondo State. Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, who was the Chairman of the PDP primary committee, announced that Jegede scored 888 to… July 23, 2020 In "Politics" The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State may have assumed a new dimension following resistance by the governorship aspirants of the party to allow the state Deputy Governor, Mr Agboola Ajayi contest as the consensus candidate of the party. Ajayi who is currently at loggerheads with… June 15, 2020 In "Politics" By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - Mr Bode Ayorinde, one of the aspirants in the just concluded governorship primaries election of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, has congratulated the winner, Mr Eyitayo Jegede. Ayorinde, in a statement signed by his senior media aide, Olusegun Adebumiti, on Thursday in… July 23, 2020 In "Politics"