Founder and Senior Pastor of Father’s House Bible Church in Effurun, Delta State, Pastor (Dr.) Richmond Leigh, is dead, The PUNCH reports. Sympathisers thronged the Warri headquarters of Father’s House Bible Church in Effurun, Delta State, on Saturday, mourning following the death of the church’s founder. Leigh reportedly died on Friday after a brief illness at an undisclosed hospital in Warri. The PUNCH observed the presence of security men at the church’s main entrance as sympathisers were ordered to leave the vicinity. The church, also known as Richmond Susan Leigh Ministries, has satellite branches in Rivers and Lagos States. Some associates and friends of the deceased have taken to Facebook to pay tributes to Leigh. In one of such tributes, one Gboyega wrote, “May his soul rest in perfect peace. Seems more people die of undisclosed ailments in Nigeria of late.” Another person wrote, “We shall all die one day or the other. Let us leave a good legacy behind for the future.” The pastor, who heads Light Way Ministry in Warri, was nabbed after one of his accomplices confessed to the police about his activities.  A Warri-based Pastor identified as Prophet Melody Adjija was arrested alongside an accomplice for staging miracles.  The Founder and General Overseer of Light Way Ministries (A.K.A The… July 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" A Warri-based Pastor identified as Prophet Melody Adjija was arrested alongside an accomplice for staging miracles. The Founder and General Overseer of Light Way Ministries (A.K.A The Last Bus-Stop) in his confession in police custody, admitted paying people N5,000 to fake miracles in his church located at Enerhen Road in… July 28, 2019 In "Metro" •The late Ibidunni Ighodalo and Tears and emotions flowed as Ibidunni, the late wife of Lagos-based preacher and founder of Trinity House, Pastor Ituah Ighodalo, was buried on Saturday afternoon. The PUNCH had earlier reported that the remains of Ibidunni would be laid to rest on Saturday at a private… June 21, 2020 In "Metro"