By Muhammad Adam Guyuk (Adamawa), July 24, 2020 (NAN) No fewer than 6,500 victims communal crisis in Guyuk and Lamurde Local Government Areas of Adamawa, have received relief materials from the Federal Government. AVM Muhammad Mohammed (rtd), the Director-General of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), flag-off the distribution of the materials in Guyuk town on Friday. Represented by Mr Ilya Midala, the Operations officer-in-charge of Adamawa and Taraba, the DG remarked that the relief items were meant to ameliorate the plights of the victims and not compensation. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that items distributed were foods and household utensils as well as building materials. Mohammed said that the beneficiaries were carefully selected from among the 1,098 households, who were seriously affected by the conflict. He said the beneficiaries were drawn from five communities that included Tharakira, Momsiri, Boshikiri, Zakawan and Burthin villages in the two local government areas. The D-G urged the beneficiaries to utilise the materials judiciously so as to improve their livelihood. Responding on behalf of the beneficiaries, Haggai Katuwamanywe and Patience Benjamin, thanked the federal government for the intervention. “What recently happened between our communities, have taught us a lesson and we promised not to repeat the mistake of the past. “We lost our loved ones forever and our hard earned property, which we acquired many years ago, were destroyed within few hours,’’ Katuwamanywe said. They promised to live in peace among themselves henceforth and urged government to provide them with basic social amenities. NAN reports that communal conflict erupted between Lunguda and Waja communities over farmland demarcations on Guyuk and Lamurde LGAs’ border. Waja and Lunguda tribes, as neighbours, have lived peacefully among themselves for hundreds of years, until the recent hostilities. (NAN) By Uwumarogie Peter (Balanga) Gombe -   Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Gombe State have declared their support for President Muhammadu Buhari ahead of the 2019 general elections. The declaration was made in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Gombe on Saturday after NEMA donated relief… June 24, 2018 In "Politics" By Uwumarogie Peter Balanga (Gombe State) -  National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has donated relief materials worth millions of Naira to Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Balanga Local Government Area of Gombe State. The people were displaced as a result of communal clash in Guyuk Local Government Area of Adamawa.… June 23, 2018 In "News" By Muhammad Adam Yola, Demsa (Adamawa) - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Tuesday gave relief material to about 700 households recently affected by flood in Adamawa. NEMA’s Director General, Mr Mustapha Maihaja said that the distributed items were meant for communities across five Local Government Areas affected by… December 17, 2019 In "News"