The Federal government has lifted the ban placed on the Executive Jets Services. The airline service was suspended indefinitely by the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika for violating the licence approved to operate a flight from Lagos to Abuja and back to Lagos. The flight which the service got license for was meant to convey a judge but it conveyed the popular musician, Azeez Fashola, also known as Naira Marley despite the restriction on interstate movements and flights. Sirika said the ministry decided to lift the ban following the compliance of the service with sanctions imposed on it. The minister disclosed this in Abuja during the briefing by members of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. He said: “Today, we lifted the ban on Executive Jets Air Services Limited. They have complied substantially with all of our imposed sanctions. “They have paid parts of the fine and they have brought out a payment plan for the balance. So, we lifted the ban and they will continue to do their business. These are not punitive, they are things to make our industry work better and keep all of you safe.” The minister also revealed that he was yet to get the report on the investigation conducted by the aviation industry following a violation of the COVID-19 protocols by dignitaries. He said: “As to the VIP offenders which are undergoing investigation, the report will be on my desk this week hopefully and we will keep you posted.” The Nation The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, has reacted to the controversy surrounding musician Naira Marley and a private airline operator, Executive Jets Services Limited. The minister said he has not travelled out of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, since March 22. Recall that a letter written by the… June 17, 2020 In "Politics" The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, said he has not travelled out of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, since March 22. The minister was reacting to a letter written by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Executive Jets Services Limited, Sam Iwuajoku, over circumstances surrounding a Lagos-Abuja-flight… June 16, 2020 In "News" •Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika ABUJA - The restriction on flights imposed by the Federal Government in the wake of the global Coronavirus pandemic to curtail its spread in the country is being observed in the breach investigation reveals. Despite the restriction, first imposed on March 21, some commercial… June 20, 2020 In "Features"