The Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi has commended the Governor of Zamfara State, Bello Muhammad Matawalle for his magnanimity and commitment towards prevention road crashes in the state by donating two Ford Rangers to the Zamfara State Sector Command of the Corps. According to the Corps Public Education Officer, Bisi Kazeem, the Corps Marshal, who expressed his warmest appreciation said that the donation is a demonstration of the governor’s love and passion for the safety of all road users, not only in the state, but the country at large and the donation will definitely motivate the Corps Personnel to put in their very best in saving lives on the road. While thanking Governor Matawalle for his unending support to the Corps, Oyeyemi enjoined him not to relent in availing the Corps any necessary assistance whenever the need arises. Expectedly, he assured him that the Corps will put the vehicles to the best of use as he called on the Corps Personnel to reciprocate the Governor’s kind gesture with adequate maintenance of the vehicles and effective utilisation in the area of patrol operations and rescue services. By Naomi Sharang Abuja - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), on Thursday, said it plans to deploy 19,000 personnel for election duty across the country during the Feb. 16 Presidential and National Assembly election. FRSC Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, disclosed this at a capacity building workshop organised in… February 14, 2019 In "Metro" •Boboye Oyeyemi, FRSC Corps Marshal ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Federal Road Safety Commission Board has on Friday, 29th May 2020 approved the promotion of 10 Corps Commanders (CC) to the rank of Assistant Corps Marshal(ACM) and 32 Deputy Corps Commanders (DCC) to the rank of Corps Commander. The approval was… May 30, 2020 In "News" By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri - Gov. Emeka Ihedioha of Imo has lauded Mr Joseph Aremu for his uprightness and dedication during his 23 years of service in the Federal Road Safety Corps. Ihedioha made the remark on Friday during the Pull-Out parade by FRSC to mark the retirement from the… July 19, 2019 In "News"