BBNaija Lockdown housemate Victoria Adeleye popularly known as Vee is trending for the wrong reason over a discriminatory comment she made about android phones. It all started after the 23-year-old woman revealed her choice of mobile phone during a conversation with other housemates. According to her, she is doesn’t like Android phones as she is an iPhone person. In the bid of trying to get to know one another, a question and answer session was initiated. Soon, they started answering questions about the kinds of phones they like. “Androids or iPhones?” one of the housemates asked and Vee responded by saying that she doesn’t even like Androids touching her hand. According to her, she is an iPhone person. As expected, Nigerians have taken to the popular micro-blogging platform, Twitter, to talk about Vee’s statement. Some people stated that they would not vote for her to remain in the house as they are using Android phones. Others, however, noted how she may have lost endorsements from Android phone companies because of her statement. Read some reactions below: Guy vee said she doesn't like android touching her hand she no know if na Android users go vote for her #BBNajia  Source Nigerians have since taken to Twitter to share their opinions with some pleading with Big Brother not to give Mercy a strike as she was defending herself. Housemate Mercy Eke smashed Big Brother’s phone following a heated argument with Gedoni Ekpata after the Saturday night party. News Agency of Nigeria… July 28, 2019 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija 2018 ex-housemate Nina, will be getting an iPhone X from Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh, after she got cyberbullied by Tunde Ednut, who a social media influencer following what those not impressed with him call a failed music and comedy career. Tunde Ednut had reportedly asked Nina to… April 26, 2018 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, Housemate, Gedoni has stirred reactions on social media over his relationship with Venita and Khafi. Gedoni and Venita on Sunday night engaged in a deep conversation regarding his relationship with Khafi. Venita started the conversation after Sunday live eviction show which had Ebuka Obi-Uchendu questioning Khafi… August 20, 2019 In "Entertainment"