The winner of season five of Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, will be walking home with a sum of N30m as cash prize, a home and one special utility vehicle amongst other prizes. This was made known by the reality show organisers, Multichoice Nigeria, a few days ahead of the commencement. With the countdown to the popular reality TV show’s kick off, MultiChoice Nigeria revealed that the 2020 winner will walk away with a grand prize of N85m. The grand prize includes: a N30m cash prize; a two-bedroom apartment courtesy Revolution Plus; a top of the range SUV from Nigerian automaker, Innoson Motors; a trip to Dublin courtesy Guinness; home appliances courtesy Scanfrost; a trip to Dubai packaged by Travelbeta; a year’s supply of Indomie noodles, Munch it and Colgate toothpaste; a year’s supply of Pepsi, a branded chiller and a trip to watch the UEFA Champions League finale; and a brand new Oppo mobile smartphone. The sum of the grand prize was earlier hinted at by one of the company’s top executives, Martin Mabutho, in a recent media session. Mabutho had hinted that this season’s winnings would be the biggest since BBNaija debuted back in 2006. Speaking on the grand prize, Chief Executive Officer, MultiChoice Nigeria, John Ugbe said: “The fifth season of BBNaija marks a major milestone in the reality TV series. We are making this season significant by not only increasing the winnings, but by also implementing other creative and innovative ways to ensure the show lives up to the premium entertainment especially during the current pandemic.” This year’s edition has Betway as the headline sponsor and Guinness as the Gold sponsor. Given the prevalence of the COVID-19 pandemic, MultiChoice Nigeria has assured viewers that global best practices, precautions and preventive measures will be followed throughout the show. The Nation Multichoice Nigeria, organisers of the annual Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, reality television show, has disclosed that the winner of its new season will get a total prize worth of N60million. It disclosed that the winner of the season 4 reality show will get N30m cash prize and a total prize… June 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Nse Anthony-Uko (Sundiata Post) -- Heritage Bank Plc, Nigeria’s most innovative banking service provider, has said it would continue to partner with MultiChoice Nigeria Limited, owners of the DSTV and GOTV brands to bring the Big Brother Nigeria reality TV show to viewers across Africa and beyond. Mr Fela… May 1, 2018 In "Business" Abuja - Mercy Eke, was the cynosure of Big Brother Naija season four grand finale on Sunday, as she was crowned the winner of the show. The ever bubbling lady was captured in a video celebrating with her fans and almost forgetting to collect her cheque.  Her reaction in the video… October 7, 2019 In "Entertainment"