Peace Busari, a Nigerian woman offered for sale on Facebook by a Lebanese, Wael Jerro, is on her way home from Lebanon, The PUNCH reports The Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, disclosed this on Saturday Also on the repatriation flight are 28 other citizens stranded in Lebanon amid the coronavirus pandemic. Dabiri Erewa tweeted, “29 passengers just departed from Lebanon. And guess what? Temitope, who was left behind last time, accused of murder is on board. And so is Peace Busari, the girl who was put on sale on Facebook and rescued by the Nigerian Mission.” The NIDCOM boss had said Busari was with the Nigerian Mission in Beirut, Lebanon after she was rescued from her employer. Jerro had advertised the victim with her Nigerian passport on a Facebook page, ‘Buy and Sell in Lebanon’. He put a price tag of $1,000 on the 30-year-old Ibadan, Oyo State indigene. The post generated outrage on the social media, as many Nigerians called for the arrest of the suspect and rescue of Busari. Dabiri-Erewa later announced the arrest of the suspect by the Lebanese government. •Wael Jerro The Lebanese who advertised a Nigerian woman for sale on Facebook, Wael Jerro, has been arrested. The Nigerians in Diaspora Commission stated this on its Twitter handle (@nidcom_gov) on Thursday. Chairman of the commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, noted that the suspect, who was arrested by the Lebanese government, would… April 23, 2020 In "News" Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has said the Lebanese government would institute legal action against its citizen, Wael Jerro, who advertised a Nigerian woman for sale on Facebook. Lebanese govt reacts as citizen put up Nigerian lady for sale on … She stated this on Wednesday while giving… April 23, 2020 In "News" According to The Nation, the Nigerian lady who was offered for sale at $1,000 in Lebanon, Peace Busari, has refused to return to the country, the Chairman of Nigerian Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has said. The NiDCOM chairman, who spoke on Thursday during an interaction with the Lebanese Ambassador… June 5, 2020 In "News"