LAGOS (SundiataPost) – Some lecturers at the University of Lagos, Akoka, Lagos including a former chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Professor Ayo Olowe have pledged loyalty the Governing Council of the university led by the Pro Chancellor, Dr. Wale Babalakin.Consequently, they have declared that the threat by the union against the Pro-Chancellor does not represent the collective will of the majority of academic staff and other stakeholders of the university. Olowe, a professor of finance at the university was chairman Unilag ASUU (2005-2010). In a statement, dated 13th of July 2020, the former ASUU chairman, alongside Prof. Lai Olurode, Prof. Nwabueze and some other senior academics of the University of Lagos titled ‘RE: THREATS BY ASUU ON FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT OF COUNCIL CHAIRMAN, DR. WALE BABALAKIN’, said “Our attention has been drawn to various publications in several newspapers by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (Unilag Branch) restricting the movement on campus of Pro Chancellor and Chairman of the Governing Council, Dr. Bolanle Olawale Babalakin OFR, SAN. “We want to state unequivocally that this provocative, disrespectful and illogical threat does not represent the collective will of the majority of academic staff and other stakeholders of the University of Lagos. ASUU, as a union, respects the rule of law especially the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria which guaranteed the free movement of all Nigerians within Nigeria. “Thus, the purported threat on the movement of the Pro Chancelllor, Dr. Wale Babalakin, is not in line with the tradition and constitution of ASUU. ASUU, as a union has formal procedural way of presenting its grievances, always dialogues and follows due process. “Dr. Babalakin, an illustrious alumnus of the University of Lagos, has since his assumption of office as the Pro Chancellor, been playing an outstanding role in the Council’s oversight functions in the conduct of the affairs of the University of Lagos. “We along with the majority of the stakeholders of the University have full confidence in the leadership of Dr. Wale Babalakin’s led Council. We also dissociate ourselves from any act or action capable of obstructing the oversight function of the Dr. Wale Babalakin’s led Council. “We therefore want to assure Dr. Babalakin and any other Nigerian citizen of their free movement within the University of Lagos and any other part of Nigeria. It is possible that there could be conflict between ASUU and the university, we will talk to our members to follow the tradition and Constitution of ASUU in pursuing grievances with the University. “ •Dr Wale Babalakin, Pro Chancellor and Chairman, Governing Council, University of Lagos LAGOS (SundiataPost) - The University of Lagos has reacted to threat by the local branch of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) to disrupt the Governing Council Meeting scheduled for Wednesday, 15th July 2020.The reaction was contained… July 12, 2020 In "Education" By Chinyere Nwachukwu   Lagos    -       The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) on Monday alleged intimation of its members in the University of Lagos by the institution’s Pro Chancellor, Dr Wale Babalakin. The ASUU National President, Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi, who made the allegation in an interview with the News… December 10, 2018 In "Education" By Chinyere NwachukwuLagos. -. Some students of the University of Lagos have called on the Federal Government and other key stakeholders in the university to urgently intervene in the conflict between the institution’s pro-chancellor and its management. Tension has been in the institution in recent time following series of queries… May 14, 2019 In "News"