By Aderemi Bamgbose Ore (Ondo State) –  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has warned its personnel against any practice in violation of the new directives on inter-state travels by motorists.The FRSC Unit Commander in Ore, Mr Olusegun Aladenika, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Ore, Ondo State, that the personnel had been told to perform their official duties without let or hinderance. NAN reports that the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 had, on June 29, lifted the ban hitherto imposed on inter-state travels, outside the curfew hours of 10:00 pm. to 4:00 am.The PTF had also directed that commercial vehicles on interstate travel must be on 50 percent loading capacity, with passengers mandated to wear face masks and observe other safety protocols.Aladenika said that a monitoring team had been deployed from the FRSC headquarters in Abuja to ensure enforcement and compliance of motorists with the directives. “We have been given the order to enforce the compliance of the inter-state directives. The motorists plying Benin-Ore-Sagamu expressway must abide with the new directives, which are for their own good.“FRSC personnel are advised to perform their duties without any fear or favour; they must not engage in any sharp practice,” Aladenika said.He also urged motorists to comply with the inter-state directives and obey all traffic rules, warning that defaulters would be arrested and dealt with in accordance with the traffic laws. (NAN) By Remi Bamgbose Ore (Ondo State) -   Mr Philip Ozonandi, the new Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Ore Unit Command in Ondo State, has warned motorists against violation of traffic rules on the Benin-Ore expressway. The new FRSC boss gave the warning in an interview with the News… July 17, 2017 In "Metro" By Remi Bamgbose   Ore (Ondo State) -  Following the traffic congestion experienced on the Sagamu/Ore/Benin expressway on Wednesday, the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has assured motorists plying the highway of free flow of traffic. Mr Philip Ozonnadi, the FRSC Unit Commander in Ore, Ondo State gave the assurance… August 2, 2018 In "Metro" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) RS 2 Command, Lagos on Friday organised a media launch and public presentation of the FRSC COVID-19 Public Enlightenment Kiosks and Flyers in Ogun and Lagos States. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that kiosks and flyers were… June 26, 2020 In "Health"