By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja –  The Defence Headquarters says the troops of “Operation Whirl Stroke”, on Friday, eliminated two notorious bandits who had been attacking communities in Benue and Taraba. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, in a statement on Saturday, said the success was a result of the troops’ aggressive aggressive clearance operations in the states. Enenche said the operation was sequel to actionable intelligence on the infiltration of armed herdsmen on July 10 at Chambe community in Logo Local Government Area of Benue where two villagers were killed. He said the troops, swiftly deployed to the scene, adding that the bandits had fled the area before their arrival. According to him, troops tracked the assailants to a makeshift camp at the outskirt of Arufu in neighbouring Taraba. “On sighting the troops, the armed bandits opened fire, troops overwhelmed the criminals with high intensity fire, killing two of them while others fled in disarray with gun shots wounds. “In the process one AK 47 rifle as well as 10 rounds of 7.62mm Special were recovered. “Additionally, the gallant troops have dominated the area conducting clearance patrol from Arufu to Akwana in order to rid the general area of any untoward activities. “The High Command of the Armed Forces of Nigeria congratulates the gallant troops for their dexterity and encourages them to remain resolute in curtailing the activities of criminal elements in the North-Central Zone of the country,” he said. (NAN) By Monday Ijeh Abuja - Troops of Sector II Operation “DELTA SAFE” have arrested three sea robbers and killed one suspect in a gun battle in Bayelsa. Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, the Coordinator,Defence Media Operation disclosed this during a news conference on Wednesday in Abuja. He said the notorious sea robbery… April 8, 2020 In "News" •Wanted criminal suspect, Terwase Akwaza alias Gana ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) says wanted notorious criminal suspect, Terwase Akwaza, popularly known as Gana, has been injured. Coordinator of Defence Media Operations, Major General John Enenche, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. According to him, Gana was injured… May 17, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - The Defence Headquarters says the troops of Operation Safe Haven (OPSH), on Friday, June 19 neutralised three kidnappers during a commando operation at Qua’an Pan Local Government Area of Plateau state. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in a statement in… June 20, 2020 In "News"