An indigenous company called JET Motor Company has manufactured the nation’s first electric vehicle called JET EV. According to Naija Stories on Twitter on Wednesday, July 22, the prototype of the machine was taken on a 300km test drive from Lagos to Benin. Before the test drive, the manufacturer already got a fund backing of $9 million (N3,487,500,000) backing from Canadian-based Africa Development Capital, Techpoint reports. It should be noted that the company was founded in 2017 and two years after started an automobile series called the JET Mover which consists of fine customizable mini-buses. The company’s director of sales and marketing, Rupani Sanjay, said that the buses can be customized into whatever purpose like a tour bus, cargo, medical, school bus, etc. “We wanted to create a global product that is built to last. We were obsessed with getting it right because, if our vehicles can work well on Nigerian and African roads, they can succeed anywhere in the world,” he spoke about the manufacturing process. The sales director went further to say that the plan of the company is to build the Tesla of Africa, adding that they plan to introduce other types of vehicles like SUVs and sedans by 2022. Sanjay added that the vehicle can cover a distance of 300km on a single charge. Meet Nigeria's first electric vehicle, JET EV,After the prototype was tested in a 300km drive from Lagos to Benin gets, it’s gets N3.3bn funding from Canada for more research and development. Stations to recharge the batteries along the expressway will be set up pic.twitter.com/rl5uWJ2dLz Source ABUJA - Nigeria has recorded a major feat in automotive technology innovation with a car called ``Tuke-Tuke’`, produced by students of the University of Benin. The car has passed international technical evaluation in Rotterdam, Netherlands, a statement said. The statement was signed by the Media Manager of Shell Petroleum Development… May 15, 2014 In "News" LAGOS - The LAGBUS Asset Management Ltd., the operator of metropolitan buses in Lagos, on Friday donated cash and other gifts to the parents of a baby delivered on its bus on Jan. 5. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] Mr Kolawole Silva-Ope, the company’s Head of Enforcement, told the News Agency of Nigeria… January 9, 2015 In "News" Lagos -    Motorists and other road users on the Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway have lamented the hardship caused by chaotic gridlock on the expressway following the ongoing construction of the Oshodi-Abule Egba Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) lane. The users, who spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in… July 17, 2017 In "News"