Madrid –   Real Madrid have taken the final step towards officially launching their women’s team after the Spanish soccer federation approved a deal to merge with CD Tacon, the club said in a statement on Wednesday. Real agreed to absorb Tacon last year after they were promoted to the top division of Spanish women’s soccer, a move that was approved by the club’s members at last year’s general assembly. Tacon retained their name, badge and kit last season but played and trained at Real’s Valdebebas facilities. They finished 10th in the 16-team division, which ended prematurely, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Real said the federation had received and approved the corresponding documents to finalise the deal to absorb Tacon and that the merger would become effective once the men’s season ends on July 19. In addition to the senior team, the club will create a youth section comprising of Under-16 to Under-19 sides. “Real Madrid are looking forward to this new challenge with a commitment to promoting women’s football and contributing to its development and growth in our society,” the statement added. (Reuters/NAN) Gareth Bale's move to China is off after Real Madrid cancelled the deal, with the Wales winger now set to stay at the Spanish club. Bale, 30, had been expected to join Chinese Super League club Jiangsu Suning on a three-year deal, earning a reported £1 million a week. Last… July 28, 2019 In "Sports" Real Madrid have appointed Spain manager Julen Lopetegui as their new head coach on a three-year deal. Zinedine Zidane, who led the club to three successive Champions League titles, stepped down in May, saying the club needs "a different voice". Lopetegui previously managed Porto for two years, before taking over… June 12, 2018 In "Sports" Abuja  - The FIFA Disciplinary Committee on Thursday said it has sanctioned Spanish clubs Atlético Madrid and Real Madrid for breaches relating to the international transfer and registration of players. A statement from the FIFA Media Office said the registration related to players under the age of 18. ``The two… January 14, 2016 In "Sports"