Armed security men have stormed the premises of the suspended Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, Dr. Joi Nunieh, in Port Harcourt, with a view to preventing her from leaving the house. Dr Nunieh is billed to testify this morning (Thursday) before the House of Representatives committee investigating alleged mismanagement of N81 billion at the NDDC. The security men were said to have stormed her residence since 4.00am. Dr. Nunieh was managing director of the Interim Management Committee set up by President Muhammadu Buhari to conduct forensic audit at the NDDC. Ms Nunieh recently accused the Minister of Niger Delta, Godswil Akpabio of sexually harassing her. Mr Akpabio however, has since denied this allegation. Laila Johnson-Salami of @ARISEtv tweeted that “armed security men have been at Joi Nunieh’s premises. She is on the phone to anchors – tune in. This is a ridiculous attempt to intimidate her.” Another twitter user @lekanpaul also tweeted, “Former NDDC IMC MD, Joi Nunieh blocked since 4:00 am by 30 armed policemen in Port Harcourt from leaving her house for the Airport. She is due to testify at the House of Reps today in Abuja over the IMC’s alleged looting of N81 billion.” •Promptnewsonline •Godswill Akpabio and Joi Nunieh ABUJA - The suspended Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) Interim Management Committee, Joi Nunieh, has accused the Minister of Niger Delta, Godswil Akpabio of sexual harassment. Fielding questions on Arise News this morning (Monday), Ms Nunieh confessed that he once slapped… July 13, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has been charged to immediately sack the Niger Delta Development Commission’s (NDDC) executive director of projects, Dr. Cairo Ojougboh on the grounds that he lacks the qualification to man his current position. Women under the aegis of Niger-Delta Women Integrity Vanguard (NDWIV), gave the call in a… March 7, 2020 In "News" Port Harcourt The Government of Rivers State has declared that it has an obligation to protect its citizens, the Commissioner for Information and Communications, Paulinus Nsirim, said following recent developments in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) in which the name of former Managing Director of the Commission Joi Nunieh… July 14, 2020 In "News"