Weeks after welcoming her first child, singer Simi has shared a photo of her daughter with Adekunle Gold. Although she is yet to fully unveil the face of her newborn to fans, the mother and baby are doing fine. In the photo, Simi was seen lifting the little one to the air as they were captured by the camera. She accompanied the post with a powerful caption in which she made it clear that there is nothing in the world she would not do for her. Sharing the post, she said: “This little light of mine. there’s nothing in all the universes I wouldn’t do for you Ayo.” Reacting, several fans and followers flooded the singer’s comment section with lovely remarks. Read what they had to say below: yo.bami: “Mummy & Daughter.” anioyinzy: “Am gonna let it shine.” rebecca_nengi1: “Show her face abeg am tired of suspense wanna see pretty Deja.” barbie_florence24: “Awwwnnnn….so sweet.” drliki01: “Mother and Baby Love.” officialpure1: “Our baby duduke.” Also reacting to the lovely photo, the Simi’s husband and father of her child, Adekunle Gold, said: “My whole world.” this little light of mine there's nothing in all the universes I wouldn't do for you Ayo A post shared by  Simi (@symplysimi) on Jul 22, 2020 at 8:01am PDT Source Jedidiah Ogunleye, the mother of singer, Simi has taken to her Instagram to jokingly call out her son-in-law, Adekunle Gold over unpaid dowry.  The drama began when Adekunle Gold shared a photo of himself rocking dreadlocks and he proceeded to ask his fans to provide a name that suits his… December 5, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian songstress, Simi has shared her thoughts on the implication of yahoo boys activities on hardworking Nigerians. In a live Instagram video, the soft-spoken singer criticized internet fraudsters after a fan told her to leave Yahoo boys alone because most of them are the ones buying her songs and watching… April 7, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Patricia Amogu Abuja - Popular Nigerian Singer, Sidney Esiri also known as Dr Sid and wife, Simi, may have parted ways following allegations of abuse and domestic violence. Simi, who confirmed the end of her five year-old union with the Marvin Records singer, said she did that to clear… January 27, 2020 In "Relationship"