By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Erstwhile governor of Ekiti state, Ayodele Fayose has raised the alarm over the$400m loan Nigeria took from China, alleging that the APC government of President Buhari signed agreement that willed away the sovereignty of Nigeria. According to him, “the agreement irrevocably waived “any immunity on the grounds of sovereign or otherwise for itself or its property in connection with any arbitration proceeding pursuant to Article 8(5).” Fayose who described the agreement as sad, disclosed this when he took to his twitter handle @GovAyoFayose in series of tweets thus: Just reading that on the $400m loan Nigeria took from China, the APC govt of President Buhari signed agreement that willed away the sovereignty of Nigeria. This is sad. The agreement irrevocably waived “any immunity on the grounds of sovereign or otherwise for itself or its property in connection with any arbitration proceeding pursuant to Article 8(5).” Nigerians should remember that in April 2016, I warned against these Chinese loans. I even wrote a letter to the Chinese Govt but those still clapping for this govt then criticized me. Who is right and who is wrong now? Nigeria’s foreign assets as well as its oil vessels in international waters are at risk as a British company moves to enforce a $9bn arbitration award against the country over a breach of contract, TheCable can report. Process and Industrial Developments Limited (P&ID), an engineering and project management company, is… February 2, 2019 In "Business" Despite attempts by the Muhammadu Buhari administration to deny the transfer of $110 million stolen from Nigeria’s treasury by late military tyrant, Sani Abacha, to Mr Abacha’s most profligate money launderer and current governor of Kebbi State, Abubakar Bagudu, United States court papers obtained by PREMIUM TIMES show that the… February 25, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - There are indications that the alleged plan by the Federal Government to bar Governor Fayose of Ekiti State from making foreign trip might have been connected with his utterances against Muhammad Buhari administration. An intelligence source disclosed to Sundiata Post on Wednesday that apart from the… June 1, 2016 In "Top Stories"