Some students at one of Britain’s smallest primary schools have been ordered to self-isolate for 14 days after one of them tested positive for Covid-19. Dailymail reported that Aldeburgh Primary School in Suffolk, which is run by the Avocet Academy Trust, has just 99 pupils aged four to eleven. The school in Park Road has closed the Reception and Year 1 bubble following the confirmed case of coronavirus over the weekend. All children in the bubble have been asked to self-isolate for two weeks following the positive result, with a deep clean taking place in the required areas. Cheryl Singleton, CEO of Avocet Academy Trust, said: ‘I can confirm we have been informed that a child was tested at the weekend for coronavirus and the result was confirmed as positive. ‘In line with school procedures and in consultation with Public Health England, we have closed the group or ”bubble” the child was part of and deep cleaned the required areas. ‘All parents and staff have been informed and we have passed on the information from PHE to the pupils in the bubble concerned. ‘We wish the child a speedy recovery and very best wishes to the family.’ An email was sent to parents about the positive test result, and the school said it would keep them ‘up to date as and when’ it receives further instruction from PHE. A few weeks ago Exning Primary School in Newmarket, Suffolk, sent a class home to self-isolate for two weeks after a child tested positive for the virus. Across the county burder in Essex, Hamford Primary Academy in Walton-on-the-Naze was forced to close entirely in May after two children who were siblings tested positive for Covid-19. They had been attending the school in Elm Tree Avenue, which is run by Academies Enterprise Trust, but showed no symptoms of the disease. Source A newborn baby has tested positive for coronavirus in what is thought to be the youngest case of the disease in the UK, it has emerged. The child’s mother, who was taken to a north London hospital days before the birth with suspected pneumonia, has also caught the virus. The… March 14, 2020 In "News" A branch of Union Bank at Ikota, Lagos has been closed down after its employee had a contact with a “now confirmed” case of novel coronavirus three weeks ago. The bank said another employee at the same branch was at the Africa Magic Viewers’ Choice Awards on March 14. Lagos… March 25, 2020 In "News" UK prime minister, Boris Johnson has announced that from Saturday single adult households in England will be able to form a "support bubble" with another household. This means they will be able to stay overnight with their partners for the first time since the lockdown began more than 11 weeks… June 11, 2020 In "Foreign"