The largest indigenous Christian denomination in the Northeast, Church of the Brethren in Nigeria, known in Hausa as Ekklesiyya Yan’uwa a Nigeria (EYN), has declared it lost over 8,370 members to Boko Haram attacks around Adamawa, Borno and Yobe states. According to The Nation. The EYN, an Adamawa-based denomination with headquarters in Kwarhi, Hong local government area, has 1.5 million members in branches mostly across the Northeast. President of the EYN, Rev Joel Billi, told reporters on Thursday the EYN is the worst- hit Christian denomination. He said that apart from more than 8,370 members and eight pastors of the EYN killed by Boko Haram, “over 700,000 members were displaced. He added 53 of the 60 District Church Councils of the EYN were directly affected by insurgency with 300 of the church’s 586 branches either burnt or damaged by Boko Haram. “Uncountable number of houses of our members were either burnt or looted,” he said. The EYN President added that many members had been abducted while 217 of the abducted 276 Chibok school girls belonged to the EYN. He requested President Muhammadu Buhari and Governors of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe to ensure the rescue of the remaining Chibok girls as well as Leah Sheribu, Alice Loksha and hundreds of other people abducted by Boko Haram. Asserting that many communities, especially communities in Gworza local government area of Borno State, are still deserted after repeated Boko Haram attacks, the EYN President appealed to Buhari to station a battalion of soldiers there so that residents who fled from attacks and are now in refugee camps in Cameroon or IDP camps across Nigeria could return home. He also called on the government to reconstruct the houses, schools and worship places destroyed by the insurgents. •Scenes from the attack Fresh revelations have emerged on how Boko Haram insurgents attacked Garkida town in Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State for six hours on Friday night. The town is located on the Gombi-Biu – Damaturu Road, which shares proximity with Southern Borno and Sambisa Forest. Reports… February 23, 2020 In "News" MAIDUGURI - Gunmen suspected to be members of Boko Haram sect invaded Dille Village in Askira-Uba Local Government Area of Borno State and opened fire on residents, setting ablaze three churches, including the Church of Brethren in Nigeria (EYN),as well as, shops and residential buildings.Displaced residents said, the attackers stormed… July 14, 2014 In "News" Four persons have been confirmed to have been killed during an attack on the Garkida community of Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State, North-East Nigeria. Residents of Garkida community told Channels Television that the insurgents, who stormed the town around 5:00 in the evening, overpowered the military stationed in… July 28, 2014 In "News"