London  –  Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall and wife of Prince Charles, celebrated her 73rd birthday in private on Friday, with no public events planned. Clarence House, the couple’s official residence in London, posted a photograph of Camilla taken in the garden of their main home. The offices of Charles’ mother, Queen Elizabeth II, his son, Prince William and his wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, also tweeted birthday greetings to Camilla. Buckingham Palace tweeted a photograph, apparently taken at a flower show, of Camilla and the queen smiling together. Camilla and Charles, 71, have resumed public engagements this month after self-isolating in Scotland for several weeks following Charles’ mild infection with coronavirus. The couple married in 2005 following years of controversy over their relationship. Camilla has been accepted as integral member of the royal family since then. Charles, the heir to the throne, had married Lady Diana Spencer in 1981 in a ceremony that gripped the nation. But Charles and Diana’s marriage was dogged by rumours of a continuing relationship with his former girlfriend, the then married Camilla Parker-Bowles. In 1992, the government announced that Charles and Diana planned to separate. (dpa/NAN) London - Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, celebrated their 15th wedding anniversary at their home in Scotland on Thursday. No public events were planned to mark the anniversary, with Britain in near-lockdown to curb the spread of the coronavirus and Charles having recovered last week… April 9, 2020 In "Foreign" London   -      Britain’s Prince Charles said he would stop speaking out on issues he feels strongly about when he becomes the King of England. Speaking ahead of his 70th birthday next week, the son of 92 year-old Queen Elizabeth said he is “not that stupid”. He said that the role… November 8, 2018 In "Foreign" London - Prince William, second in line to the British throne, is celebrating his 37th birthday in private on Friday. “Thank you everyone for your lovely wishes on the Duke of Cambridge’s birthday’’ Kensington Palace tweeted, using William’s official title. William is second in line to succeed his grandmother Queen… June 21, 2019 In "Foreign"