Berlin  –  Bundesliga club Hoffenheim have named Sebastian Hoeness, nephew of former Bayern Munich president Uli, as their new head coach after he led Bayern Munich’s reserves to the third division title. Hoffenheim said in a statement on Monday that the 38-year-old, who coached the Bayern Munich Under-23s to the title straight after winning promotion, has signed a contract through to 2023. The son of former Germany international Dieter Hoeness, Sebastian never played in the top division. But he had a brief spell at Hoffenheim in 2006/2007 before moving into coaching following three years playing for Hertha Berlin reserves. “We have been in contact with Sebastian Hoeness for some time because we were impressed with his work. “Also, his attitude towards football fits perfectly with our philosophy and strategy at TSG,” said Hoffenheim sports director Alexander Rosen. Hoffenheim finished in sixth place last season and will compete in the Europa League next term. “The work at Hoffenheim is a big challenge which I am looking forward to,” Hoeness said. “The basic philosophy is identical with my idea of football: attacking, courageous, flexible and always active.” (Reuters/NAN) BERLIN - Holders Bayern Munich and runners-up Borussia Dortmund face mid-week trips to Hamburg for second-round German Cup ties at ailing home sides before their Bundesliga showdown on Saturday. Dortmund hope to rediscover their Champions League form,  rather than continue their poor showings from recent Bundesliga games when they play… October 27, 2014 In "Sports" Berlin - Bayern Munich have earned a slight advantage after their goalless draw at Liverpool in their Champions League Round of 16 first leg on Tuesday but past experience against the Reds should act as a warning, said club CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. The Bavarians were never a big threat at… February 20, 2019 In "Sports" MUNICH - Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm broke his ankle during training on Tuesday and is out of action for up to three months, the Bundesliga leaders said on Twitter. ``Big blow for Philipp Lahm: The captain has suffered a fractured ankle. He needs an operation and will be out… November 18, 2014 In "Sports"