A Nigerian student, identified as Ibrahim Diaby Muhammed, has been hospitalized after his school, Roorkee Institute of Technology in Uttarakhand, India, allegedly hired 30 men to beat him up for breaking the school’s rule. According to a source, Ibrahim sustained an head injury as a result of the beating he received, and he is said to be in a critical condition. Narrating what transpired, the source said, “The school requires every student to take an outpass all the time, especially during this pandemic, in order to know who goes out and comes in to prevent the spread of corona virus. The school kept us on lockdown for 4 months which was at first understandable but they eventually stopped providing our necessities. Ibrahim went out with a friend to buy some food stuff and toiletries. They were disinfected and tested for the virus which came out negative. The matter was settled amicably and everything was fine until the early hours of today when 30 men stormed the hostel to beat him up. “The men were hired by the school management from a certain security company.” See Video Below; India school allegedly hires 30 men to beat up a Nigerian student for breaking school’s rule . . A Nigerian  student, identified as Ibrahim Diaby Muhammed, has been hospitalized after his school, Roorkee Institute of Technology in Uttarakhand, India, allegedly hired 30 men to beat him up for breaking the school’s rule.  . . According to a source, Ibrahim sustained an head injury as a result of the beating he received, and he is said to be in a critical condition.  . . Narrating what transpired, the source said, “The school requires every student to take an outpass all the time, especially during this pandemic, in order to know who goes out and comes in to prevent the spread of corona virus.  . . The school kept us on lockdown for 4 months which was at first understandable but they eventually stopped providing our necessities.  . . Ibrahim went out with a friend to buy some food stuff and toiletries. They were disinfected and tested for the virus which came out negative.  . . The matter was settled amicably and everything was fine until the early hours of today when 30 men stormed the hostel to beat him up. . . “The men were hired by the school management from  a certain security company.” [Swipe] A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Jul 15, 2020 at 2:35am PDT By Idowu Ariwodola   Ado Ekiti,     -         A secondary school student at the Ado Grammar School, Ado Ekiti, Mathew Favour, died on Thursday following injuries he sustained in a superiority contest with a colleague on the efficacy of their charms. Sources told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the… December 7, 2018 In "Metro" Planet Earth on vacation. That’s the way some funny character described the pervading lockdown across the globe on social media. For the first time in living memory, all major cities/countries of the world are either on partial or total lockdown, or contemplating one. Otherwise bubbly cities like New York, Rio… April 5, 2020 In "News" By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo Ilorin - The Vice-Chancellor, Al-hikmah University, Ilorin, Prof. Taofeek Ibrahim, has called for online lecturing of university students, saying it is the only way to go forward with the current lockdown. Ibrahim stated this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ilorin on Friday.… April 10, 2020 In "Education"