A popular American musician, August Alsina has shocked many people after revealing in a recent interview saying that he got permission from Will Smith before going to bed with his wife. Alsina said the relationship went on for years. “People can have whatever ideas that they like. But what I’m not OK with is my character being in question. Contrary to what some people may believe, I’m not a troublemaker. I don’t like drama. Drama actually makes me nauseous. I also don’t think that it’s ever important for people to know what I do, who I sleep with, who I date, right?” he told Angela Yee. “But in this instance, there are so many people who are side-eyeing me … I’ve lost money, friendships, relationships behind it. And I think it’s because people don’t necessarily know the truth. But I’ve never done anything wrong. I love those people (the Smiths) — They are beautiful people,” the singer continued. Alsina first spilled the tea in his song “Nunya” where he mentioned an actress he is pining for, before showing texts from a woman named “Koren” — Jada’s birth name. But most shocking of all, Alsina claims her husband gave him the green light to pursue and bed Jada. “I actually sat down with Will and had a conversation — He gave me his blessing,” he said. “And I totally gave myself to that relationship for years of my life, and I truly and really, really, deeply loved and have a ton of love for her. I devoted myself to it. I gave my full self to it. So much so that I can die right now, and be OK knowing that I fully gave myself to somebody. Some people never get that in this lifetime.” He went on: “This conversation is difficult because [it’s] hard for people to understand. But once it starts to affect me and my livelihood, I have to speak up about my truth. Walking away from it butchered me — It almost killed me. Not almost. It did — it pushed me into being another person. It broke me down. It probably will be the hardest thing I ever had to experience in this lifetime. It’s difficult because I never want to be the person to cause confusion or step on toes, but I want to honor myself and I want to honor my authenticity. And if honoring my authenticity means you hate me, stone me, shoot me, crucify me, whatever, bury me an honest man.” Source Big Brother Hotshots, which will officially start airing on Sunday 5th October has unveiled three of its housemates, Alusa, Ellah and  Butterphly who hail from Kenya, Uganda and Zimbabwe respectively. Kenya's Alusa. Age: 33. Actor, Radio Drama Director and MC Alusa from Nairobi, Kenya, is married and has three children.… September 19, 2014 In "Style" Soccer legend John Fashanu has accused his wife, Abigail Onyekwelu of trying to kill him – after she allegedly found him bedding two women at the same time. The retired former Wimbledon and England striker said Abigail went for him with a knife during a furious row at their home.… April 26, 2015 In "News" A woman who proudly dates sugar daddies in exchange for lavish gifts and holidays worth thousands of pounds, has revealed their generosity has enabled her to tick off her bucket list. Anastasia Robertson, 23, from Salford, Greater Manchester, who is a sugar baby, dating older men for gifts and or… November 28, 2019 In "Metro"