A strong 7.0 magnitude earthquake struck a remote part of Papua New Guinea on Friday, but there were no immediate reports of casualties or major damage. The epicentre of the 79.8km deep quake was close to Morobe Patrol Post and shaking was felt in the capital Port Moresby. Locals said they felt the tremor, but that it was not severe and images uploaded to social media show a wharf cracked in two. The depth of the earthquake might explain the low surface damage because shallower quakes typically cause more harm, according to the US Geological Survey. “But large intermediate-depth earthquakes may be felt at great distances from their epicentres,” the US government agency added. A tsunami warning was initially issued for coastal regions, but the danger has since passed. Charley Masange, the Morobe Provincial Disaster Office director, said he did not expect to receive reports of damage until Saturday. The epicentre is in the mountains,” he said. “Not many people live there and it’s very remote so it takes a long time to get information. I’m not expecting major damage.” Papua New Guinea experiences a high rate of earthquakes and volcanic eruptions, with 64 quakes of a magnitude of 6.0 or larger – eight of which were 7.0 or larger – hitting within 250km of Friday’s event in the past 50 years. The island nation lies along the “Ring of Fire”, a major area in the basin of the Pacific Ocean where most of the world’s seismic activity occurs. (www.newsnow.co.uk) Melbourne -  The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said a powerful 7.5-magnitude earthquake struck Papua New Guinea’s Southern-Highlands-province early on Monday, disrupting communications and oil and gas operations. The USGS said the tremor hit near the centre of Papua New Guinea’s main island around 560 km (350 miles) from the capital,… February 26, 2018 In "Foreign" BEIJING - An earthquake of seven magnitude jolted the sea off the coast of Papua New Guinea at 3:07 p.m. Beijing Time on Friday, according to China Earthquake Networks Centre. The epicentre, with a focal depth of 50 km, was initially determined to be at 6.6 degrees south latitude and… April 11, 2014 In "Foreign" BEIJING (AFP) – More than 367 people died and almost 2,000 were injured when a strong earthquake hit southwest China’s mountainous Yunnan province Sunday, bringing homes crashing to the ground and sparking a massive relief operation. The quake in Zhaotong prefecture, in the province’s northeast, toppled buildings and left rescue… August 4, 2014 In "Foreign"