A Nigerian lady is currently facing criticisms on social media as many claim she downloaded the picture of the 2020 Lexus LS she says her husband surprised her with. The social media user, @ashlithecancer took to her page where she shared a picture of a brand new 2020 Lexys LS with a bow on it, saying her husband surprised her with the automobile gift. She Wrote; ”My husband woke me and and told me we needed to go somewhere and that it was an emergency Well this was the emergency A BRAND NEW 2020 LEXUS LS I am so grateful and in awe of you oluwasegun. thanks for spoiling me”  Well not everyone of her followers were congratulating her as expected as a few accused her of downloading the picture as it does not look real. One follower even advised her to share a selfie with the automobile or a picture of it in her home and she reacted. @AjiboyeMoreni commented; ”I’m not hating ooo but it feels like you downloaded this photo” In defense, she responded; ”People spat on Jesus when he did great things.What else should I expect” A few others also reacted to the photos, see below; Social media user, @doctor_okto dug even deeper, shared a picture an ad using the same picture and claimed she just duped people. He wrote; “Y’all being duped. This picture has been downloaded from the internet. I searched it using camfind app”. Source By Prudence Arobani New York -  Angelic five-year-old Jare from Nigeria has been dubbed the world’s “most beautiful girl” as snaps of her sent the  social media into a frenzy after photographer shared  her portraits on Instagram. Wedding photographer Mofe Bamuyiwa, who is based in Lagos, posted  series of striking snaps of… July 26, 2018 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress Chacha Eke recently shared a cute family photo with her followers on social media, but even more interesting is the baby bump spotted! Actress Chacha Eke Faani was spotted with her lovely husband and two kids as they all came together to strike a lovely pose for the… May 10, 2019 In "Entertainment" Juventus and Portugal forward, Cristiano Ronaldo has gotten a priceless gift for his mother to celebrate her on Portuguese Mother's Day. The footballer gifted his mother, Maria Dolores a brand new Mercedes to celebrate her. The 65-year-old mother-of-four took to Instagram on Sunday to flaunt her latest gift and wrote:… May 4, 2020 In "Sports"