By Nefishetu Yakubu  Benin  – The Edo Government on Thursday announced the discharge of 130 more coronavirus patients, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the state to 448. The Governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, made the disclosure on his official twitter handle, @GovernorObaseki. He said the patients who had fully recovered tested negative for the virus and were cleared from the various isolation centres in the state. “We have discharged 130 COVID-19 patients from our isolation centres across the state . “This brings the number of recoveries to 448. We have lost one person to the virus with total number of fatalities now 40. “Let’s #staysafe to protect the elderly in our state.” the governor stated. The state state, as at Thursday, has a total of 1165 confirmed cases with 448 recoveries, 40 deaths and 707 active cases. Meanwhile, the Commissioner for Health, Patrick Okundia, has said that government has exceeded its target by screening more than 500,000 and testing over 5,000 people in the state. Okundia said, “government’s next plan now is to target the vulnerable groups such as the elderly persons and those with underlying ailments like diabetes and hypertension for screening and testing,”. (NAN) By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - The Edo Government on Saturday said that 16 more COVID-19 patients had been treated and discharged from isolation centres in the state. The government, however, announced that the state recorded two new deaths from COVID-19 complications. It also said that state recorded 28 new cases… June 13, 2020 In "News" By Oluwafunke Ishola/Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government on Thursday announced the recovery and discharge of 36 more coronavirus (COVID-19) patients who tested negative twice to the disease. Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said in a statement that a total of 1,364 patients have so far been… June 26, 2020 In "Health" Two patients receiving treatment for coronavirus in Kwara state have been discharged from the hospital. Raji Abdulrazaq, commissioner for health, broke the news in a tweet on Thursday afternoon. “I am happy to announce to you all that we just discharged two index cases of #COVID19 in Kwara State after… April 16, 2020 In "News"