Islamabad  –  Pakistan is working to convince European air safety authorities to lift the six-month ban on Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) from operating in the European Union. The European Union Air Safety Agency (EASA) suspended the airline’s authorisation to fly to the bloc in the wake of revelations that many Pakistani pilots have “dubious” licences. According to EASA, the ban is from Wednesday and PIA has the right to appeal. “The government, ministry of foreign affairs and PIA are working very closely. “We hope that PIA’s suspension would soon be revoked with our confidence-building measures,’’ PIA spokesperson Abudullah Hafeez Khan told dpa. Khan said that 150 pilots with suspicious licenses have been grounded however the EASA “is not satisfied with the process and about the qualification of remaining pilots.” Even before the EU ban, PIA operations had already been reduced due to coronavirus pandemic. In June, PIA announced it was grounding over a third of its pilots on suspicion of having “dubious” licences. The move came after a PIA-operated Airbus A320 crashed in the Southern Pakistani city of Karachi, killing 97 passengers and crew. Over the last decade, about 450 passengers and crew have died in four plane crashes in Pakistan, two each involving PIA and private airlines. (dpa/NAN) By Babatunde Abdulfatah Islamabad - An inquiry has been launched into Friday’s plane crash that left 97 people killed in Pakistan’s southern port city of Karachi, the country’s Aviation Minister said on Saturday. Apart from the investigation board formed by the government, a team from the aircraft’s makers will also… May 23, 2020 In "Foreign" A passenger plane with 98 people on board crashed in a crowded neighborhood on the edge of the international airport near Pakistan’s southern port city of Karachi Friday after what appeared to be an engine failure during landing. Mayor Wasim Akhtar said at least five or six houses were destroyed… May 22, 2020 In "News" Only two survivors were confirmed as at Friday night in the crashed Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) passenger plane flying from Lahore but which crashed into a residential area of Karachi earlier in the day. The pilots of flight PK8303, an Airbus A320 carrying 91 passengers and eight crew, were attempting… May 23, 2020 In "Foreign"