By Muhammad Lawal Birnin Kebbi  –  The Kebbi State Government has condoled with Emir of Zuru, retired Maj.-Gen. Sani Sami and the people of Zuru Emirate over the death of Abdullahi Dan-Alkali (Durumbun Zuru). Dan-Alkali, who passed away on July 15, was a former lawmaker that represented Zuru, Danko-Wasagu, Sakaba and Fakai Federal constituency in the National Assembly from 2011 to 2015. Murtala Gotomo, Information Officer, Office of the Secretary to the State Government, made this known in a statement to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Birnin Kebbi on Thursday. He said the condolence was conveyed through the Secretary to Kebbi State Government, Babale Umar-Yauri. The SSG said the deceased lawmaker died after a brief illness five days after his son’s death, Bashar Abdullahi, who lost his life in a ghastly motor accident last Sunday on Zaria-Kaduna road. Umar-Yauri prayed Allah to forgive their shortcomings, grant them Jannatul Firdausi and give the family and people of Zuru Emirate the fortitude to bear the loss. He described the death of Dan-Alkali as a great loss, not only to the Zuru Emirate and Kebbi State, but also to the entire nation in view of his contribution to national development. (NAN) Birnin Kebbi - Gov. Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi has set up a seven-man committee to investigate allegation of criminal activities against two traditional rulers in the state. The Chief of Fakai, Alhaji Hudu Dan-Mallam and that of Danko Wasagu, Alhaji Abubakar Ibrahim, were accused of rudeness, dishonesty, cheating and conniving… November 10, 2015 In "News" By Ibrahim Bello   Birnin Kebbi    -     Kebbi Governor, Alhaji Atiku Bagudu, on Tuesday warned that he would sanction contractors who failed to adhere to job specifications. ‘‘I will not tolerate poor execution of work from any contractor,” he said. Bagudu gave the warning in Birnin Kebbi in a statement… September 4, 2018 In "News" By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi  -   The Zuru Emirate Council have commended the Kebbi State Government for the construction of Zuru township roads and rehabilitation of Maga-Riba and Wasagu-Buena roads. Traditional rulers in the emirate led by the Chief of Wasagu Chiefdom, Alhaji Mukhtar Muhammad, made the commendation when… January 29, 2017 In "News"