By Martha Agas Jos –  The Northern Governors Forum has commiserated with Gov. Abdulrahman Abdulrasaq of Kwara over the death of his father and elder statesman, Alh. AbdulGaniyu Abdul-Razaq, who died at 93. The Chairman of the forum and Governor of Plateau, Simon Lalong, in a condolence message by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham on Saturday in Jos, described the death as “painful”. Lalong said that the death the elder statesman, who was the first lawyer from Northern Nigeria and a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), is a great loss not only to the people of Kwara State, but to the entire region and the nation at large. “We are saddened by the passing of this great man who brought pride and dignity to his family, the Northern region and Nigeria through many responsibilities he handled during his life time. “Though, his death is painful, we should also celebrate his achievements particularly in the legal profession where he set the pace by mentoring and inspiring many in the profession, using his influence as Chairman of the Nigerian Body of Benchers and a Senior Advocate,” he said. The chairman said the deceased contributed to the development of Nigeria as a member of the Northern House of Assembly. He said the deceased was also a former Nigerian Ambassador to the Republic of Ivory Coast, member of the Federal Parliament, and Minister of State for Transport among other duties he handled effectively. He urged members of his family particularly his wife, Hajia Raliat, children and grandchildren to accept his death as the will of God. He encouraged the family to take solace in the fact that he lived a fulfilled life on earth and left lasting legacies which should be sustained. (NAN) By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governors Forum has described the death of Mallam Isma’ila Isa Funtua, a life patron of the International Press Institute and the Newspaper Proprietors Association of Nigeria, as painful. The Chairman of the forum and governor of Plateau, Simon Lalong, in a condolence message… July 21, 2020 In "Politics" By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has condoled with the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, over the passing of his mother, Janet Hauwa Kukah. Chairman of the forum, Simon Along, who is also Governor of Plateau, described her passing… July 11, 2020 In "News" By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governors’ Forum has expressed shocked over the sudden death of Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot, Flying Officer, Tolulope Arotile who died following an accident in Kaduna. Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau and Chairman of the forum said this in a condolence message… July 16, 2020 In "News"