London  –  Arsenal capitalised on shocking errors from Liverpool’s Virgil van Dijk and Alisson to beat the champions 2-1 at The Emirates on Wednesday. The loss ended their hopes of a record points tally for the Premier League season. It means Liverpool, on 93 points, can now only stretch that tally to 99, one short of Manchester City’s record. Arsenal’s first win against Liverpool since April 2015 lifts them one place to ninth in the table on 53 points. The visitors created all the early pressure and opened the scoring in the 20th minute when Sadio Mane lashed in his 17th goal of the season from close range. Yet the home side, playing without their leading scorer Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, were handed a free pass back into the game 12 minutes later. This was when Van Dijk made a back pass straight into the path of Arsenal striker Alexandre Lacazette. The Frenchman calmly rounded defender Fabinho and goalkeeper Alisson and fired into an empty net. A second moment of calamitous work at the back from Liverpool then gifted the lead to Arsenal before the break. This was when Alisson attempted a chipped ball out to Robertson that Lacazette ran onto and pulled back to Reiss Nelson. The 20-year-old turned and shaped his shot beyond the diving goalkeeper into the bottom left corner. “Twice, a massive lack of concentration… These two moments killed the game for us,” said Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp, whose side suffered only their third league defeat of the season. “Arsenal had no real chances… You cannot win football games when you concede goals like this.” Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta had left Aubameyang on the bench, most likely with one eye on Saturday’s FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City. This match may now be the Gunners’ best chance of securing European football next season. Yet, as Liverpool poured forward after the break and created numerous chances, Arteta responded. The best of these chance was from Salah whose shot was palmed over the bar at the last second by goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez. Arteta shored up his side with a triple substitution, bringing off both his goalscorers and Lucas Torreira and replacing them with Aubameyang, Dani Ceballos and Joe Willock. Klopp then took off Firmino and brought on Takumi Minamino. The Japanese had an almost immediate shout for a penalty kick after coming into contact with Kieran Tierney in front of the Arsenal goal. The visitors kept up the pressure but in spite of at times driving almost the entire Arsenal team back into their own penalty area, they were unable to find a way through. “In terms of energy and happiness in the dressing room before the (FA Cup) semi-final, it’s a good medicine,” Arteta said. “To beat this team you have to have moments in the game when you take your chances, defend and have a bit of luck.” (Reuters/NAN) London - Liverpool were crowned champions of England for the first time in 30 years on Thursday with seven matches remaining, having turned the English Premier League (EPL) title race into a procession. They have smashed records along the way and more could follow, including most wins, most points and… June 26, 2020 In "Sports" London, - Liverpool’s Sadio Mane scored one goal and was instrumental to the other as they reclaimed top spot in the English Premier League (EPL) on Sunday. They returned to the top with a scrappy 2-1 win at second bottom Fulham. It had looked like being a frustrating day for… March 17, 2019 In "Sports" London - Liverpool stretched their lead at the top of the 2019/2020 English Premier League (EPL) to 16 points and set a record in the process on Saturday. Roberto Firmino’s first half goal secured a battling 1-0 win at Tottenham Hotspur for them. Juergen Klopp’s unbeaten side were not at… January 12, 2020 In "Sports"