By Rotimi Ijikanmi  Abuja  –  The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, has condoled with the Government and people of Kwara over the death of Alhaji Adisa Aminu, the late Chief of Staff, Government House, Ilorin. In a statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday, the minister also commiserated with the family of the deceased as well as the Ilorin Emirate. The statement was signed and made available to newsmen by Mr Segun Adeyemi, Special Assistant to the President (Media), Office of the Minister of Information and Culture. The minister said he was profoundly shocked and saddened by the death of the chief of staff. He said that the late Aminu would be remembered for his service to the people of Kwara, and prayed God to grant repose to his soul. ”May God also comfort the family of the departed and give them the strength to bear this irreparable loss,” the minister said. It would be recalled that the late chief of staff reportedly died of Coronavirus (COVID-19) complications. Rafiu Ajakaye, the Chief Press Secretary to Gov. Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, broke the news on Tuesday night. (NAN) Abuja  -  The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, on Tuesday condoled with the management and staff of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the death of the agency's former Managing Director (MD), Dr. Nwabu Mgbemena. In a statement issued in Abuja, by his Special Adviser, Mr… April 26, 2016 In "News" Omuaran (Ilorin) -   The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed on Friday admonished political leaders to shun selfish acquisition of material things at the detriment of the people and state development. The minister gave the admonition when he paid condolence visit to the families of Late retired… November 2, 2018 In "News" Omuaran (Ilorin) -   The Omuaran Community near Ilorin in Kwara on Friday urged President Muhammadu Buhari, to give a deserving honour that would immortalise the late retired Gen. David Bamigboye. Oba Abdulraheem Adeoti, the Olomu of Omuaran, made the request when the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai… November 2, 2018 In "News"