By Joyce Remi-Babayeju  ABUJA (Sundiata Post) – As the world continues the search for a potent vaccine for the COVID-19, chairman of Nigeria’s Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF on COVID-19), Boss Mustapha  has said that the Federal Government has inaugurated a research body to find a local cure for the novel virus. Mustapha disclosed this on Saturday in Abuja at the  PTF national press briefing on COVID-19. He said, “To demonstrate the commitment of government to research, on Monday July 22, 2020,  I inaugurated the Body of Experts for Health Sector Research and Development Intervention Scheme (HSRDIS) established by the Central Bank of Nigeria,  under the chairmanship of the Director General NAFDAC.  The body is expected to address the challenges that limit research and development investment in the healthcare sector.​” According to him,  as countries continue to wait for a vaccine, the Nigerian effort is  aimed at finding a cure through  home research via collaboration between government and the private sector. He said, “The message of hope is that the world continues to close its ranks in the search for a vaccine in a manner designed to guarantee rapid, fair, and equitable access worldwide. Back home, there has been a lot of debate on finding a local cure.“While this is a plausible expectation, the PTF, other relevant institutions of government and the private sector working with our partners shall pursue the path of research relentlessly. As we have often said, only a well-developed partnership will save humanity.” Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said that the tweet of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, who is a member of the PTF exposed the daily dangers  of Coronavirus which frontline workers face, adding that  the  piece of information in the public space is sufficient proof to Nigerians that the virus is real and does not discriminate. He said, “Sequel to that development, the PTF and its secretariat immediately carried out a risk assessment and tested all members to determine their status, out of an abundance of caution.” According to him as a precautionary measure, the PTF has arranged that all journalists covering its activities should be tested by the NCDC, adding that testing of members for COVID-19 has been a regular  exercise for the PTF and that policy would be sustained. The minister further advised  Nigerians on the upcoming Eid-el Kabir festival which naturally comes with lots of mass gatherings not forget that the guidelines are still in existence and the virus is very potent. “We urge all state governments to ensure that guidelines are adhered to and citizens should not indulge in activities that would allow for the spread of the virus and lives are endangered. “We are encouraged by state governments that have announced ban on Sallah festivities and hope it will be upheld and replicated by other States. The National Coordinator will also amplify on these issues”, the minister said. By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja - The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), says it has received more than 20 applications requesting for N67 billion grants under its Healthcare Sector Research and Development Intervention Scheme (HSRDIS). The CBN Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele disclosed this during the inauguration of the Body of Experts… July 20, 2020 In "Health" By Joyce Remi-Babayeju ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Mr Boss Mustapha has alerted Nigerians on the dangers of complacency and non-compliance with measures put in place to fight the pandemic. Mustapha at the PTF COVID-19 national press briefing on Thursday in Abuja lamented… June 25, 2020 In "Health" •Prof. Isaac N. Obasi In concluding this three-part series, attention is focused on the full mandates of the PTF on COVID-19 and its functional areas for us to be able to appreciate the enormity of the tasks confronting the body in addressing the challenges of Nigeria’s historically-rooted weak health system.… May 6, 2020 In "Opinion"