Wife of Benue State Governor, Mrs Eunice Ortom, and her son have recovered from COVID-19. The first lady alongside her son and domestic staff on July 3, 2020, reportedly tested positive for the disease. According to the statement personally signed on Tuesday, Mrs Ortom said after a series of evaluations, she and her son were on Tuesday confirmed free of the disease. She said, “It is with gratitude to God that I wish to inform you that after series of review evaluations, today 28/7/2020, we have been confirmed to be fully recovered, certified to be COVID-19 negative and so discharged from isolation.” Mrs Ortom appreciated her husband, Governor Samuel Ortom, her family, and the medical experts who are at the frontline in the fight against the pandemic. The governor’s wife charged people of the state to extend the prayers, love, and support they showered on her to others who are still infected with the virus. While reiterating that being COVID-19 positive is not a death sentence, Mrs Ortom prayed that God will provide a solution to the pandemic soon. She also encouraged people to take preventive measures such as wearing of face masks, constant washing of hands with soap and running water, maintaining social distance, and staying indoors if not necessary to go out. Punch Makurdi (Sundiata Post) – Benue state Governor Samuel Ortom said the Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Tony Ijohor and Chief of Staff, Mr Terwase Orbunde have tested positive to COVID-19. The governor disclosed this on Saturday while briefing newsmen in Makurdi. He further said that the State Head of… July 4, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Philip Dzeremo Makurdi - The Benue Government on Saturday announced the state’s first case of COVID-19 in Makurdi, the state capital. Gov Samuel Ortom made the announcement at a press briefing in Makurdi shortly after an emergency meeting of the State Emergency Response Team (SERT), on COVID-19. Ortom said… March 28, 2020 In "News" Mrs. Susan Okpe, who the Benue State government named as the first Coronavirus case in Benue State, has gone on social media to call for help while claiming she's being detained by the FG. The London based woman, in a new video shared online, accused the Federal Government of keeping… April 14, 2020 In "News"