By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja –   A 29-year-old driver, Zubairu Haruna, who alleged drove in a reckless manner and caused the death of a mother of four on Tuesday appeared in a Magistrates’ Court in Karu, FCT. Haruna, who drives for Zeberced Nigeria Ltd., is charged with two counts of reckless driving and manslaughter. The Prosecution Counsel, Stanley Nwafoaku, told the court that the defendant on March 9,2018, drove in a reckless manner and caused the death of Mrs Taiwo Ohunenese on the Nyanya-Mararaba highway. The prosecution told the court the defendant jumped administrative bail after the matter was reported to police about two years. He alleged that the defendant on March 9, 2018 drove a “Howo” Sinotruck with Reg. No.ABJ 462 XN in a reckless manner and hit eight other vehicles. One of the cars, he said, was a Toyota Corolla with Reg. No. BWR 446 AA driven by the late Ohunenese. The matter, he said, was taken over by the divisional police headquarters, the Nigeria Police, Nyanya division, FCT command. He pleaded not guilty. The prosecution objected to the bail application sought by the defendant’s counsel, Agbo Denis. Responding to the applications, the magistrate, Emmanuel Iyanna, said the case of bail was at the jurisdiction of the Court. He admitted the defendant to bail in the sum of N500,000 with two sureties in like sum who must have valid means of identification with an international passport. Iyanna adjourned the case until Aug. 17, for trial. (NAN) By Moronke Boboye Ikeja - A 35-year-old driver, Barnabas Madaki, on Thursday appeared in an Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court for alleged reckless driving and causing death of a pedestrian. The police charged Madaki, who resides at 4, Show Road, Ikoyi, Lagos with reckless driving, driving without valid driver’s license and… March 5, 2020 In "News" Ikeja   -     The Police in Lagos on Tuesday arraigned a 45-year-old driver, Blessing Ihende, at an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court for allegedly causing the death of a 39-year-old man, Alloh Alloysius. Ihende, who resides at No. 9, Efalaye St., Shasha in Lagos, is facing a two-count charge of reckless driving and… June 19, 2018 In "Metro" By Victor Adeoti   Osogbo -   A 29-year-old member of the National Youth Service Corps, Odedele Feranmi, who allegedly killed a 16-year-old boy with his car, was on Wednesday brought before an Osogbo Magistrates’ Court. Feranmi, whose address was not given, is facing a two-count change of reckless driving… January 9, 2019 In "Metro"