Thirty-two members of the 2019 Batch “B”, Stream 2 of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) are to repeat the service year for committing various infractions in the states of their service. The “offenders” were among corps members who just completed the mandatory one-year national service to their fatherland. The NYSC authorities found them wanting in the course of the service year and applied the big stick. Kwara State has 12 corps members who will repeat their service; Akwa Ibom State has 11; Enugu State has five and Katsina State has four. Eighteen others are to have extended service year with Oyo State having 11 of them and Osun State having seven. Fourteen others are to be remobilised for the service year in Oyo State. The NYSC lost two corps members in Katsina State during the service year. Those penalized to repeat the service were accused of absconding from service without authorisation, among other offences. Also, Anambra State Governor Willie Obiano yesterday presented N1,050,000 cash and laptops to nine youth corps members who distinguished themselves during the service year. The beneficiaries were drawn from 2018 Batch “C” set. The first three recipients got N200,000, N150,000 and N100,000, and a laptop each, while the remaining six got N100,000 each. Speaking on behalf of the governor during the presentation, the State NYSC Coordinator, Kehinde Aremu, said the awards were in recognition of the contributions of the ex-corps members to the development of the state. The Nation By Olukayode Babalola Lafia - Seven corps members of the 2018 National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Nasarawa State, are to repeat their service for absconding from their Places of Primary Assignment (PPA), during the service year. Hajiya Ramatu Sanda, NYSC Coordinator in the state, made this known in Lafia… July 25, 2019 In "News" By Chimezie Anaso Awka -   Sixteen members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) serving in Anambra are to repeat their service year while three others will serve various terms of disciplinary measures. The Anambra NYSC Coordinator, Mr Ebenezer Olawale, who made the disclosure on Thursday in Awka, said… November 2, 2017 In "News" The Kano State Coordinator, National Youth Service Corps, Mrs Aisha Mohammad, says six corps members would repeat the service year, while sixteen others have their service year extended for committing various offences. Mohammad made the disclosure during the presentation of certificates to the stream two batch two corps members who… July 16, 2020 In "News"