The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is basking in the euphoria of “mass defection” from the All Progressives Congress (APC) to its fold, ahead of the Edo governorship election. In a statement on Monday by the spokesman for the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party said the alleged mass defection marked the end-of-the-road for the APC and its candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. The party said it acknowledged the solidarity of thousands of members of other parties, who had adopted and expressed support for its candidate, Governor Godwin Obaseki, as their preferred choice for the election. “Our party has been receiving daily reports of massive surge for PDP membership cards in our state, local government and ward offices, following the soaring popularity of Governor Obaseki and the PDP across the state. “This is in addition to the expressed support of volunteer groups, as well as professional bodies, community associations, trade unions, youth groups and other critical players across the voting population. “The PDP notes that with the gale of defection and mass flow of support from the people of Edo State, the APC candidate will soon look back and find himself standing alone. “Following the surge, the PDP has directed our ward offices across the state to expand their registration capacity to ensure adequate accommodation for all Edo people in their irrevocable quest to realise their aspiration on the platform of the PDP.” The Nation Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features" Edo State governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, said on Saturday that he still enjoys the support and sympathy of governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Obaseki made the disclosure at the Abuja national secretariat of the PDP shortly after he was screened for the June… June 21, 2020 In "Politics" Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… June 14, 2020 In "Politics"