Port Harcourt The Government of Rivers State has declared that it has an obligation to protect its citizens, the Commissioner for Information and Communications, Paulinus Nsirim, said following recent developments in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) in which the name of former Managing Director of the Commission Joi Nunieh has been dragged into. Nsirim declared the state government would always support the President Muhammadu Buhari administration, adding that it would not fold hands and watch Nunieh rubbished by anyone or group. The state government warned those involved in the ongoing controversial probe in NDDC to ensure that the immediate past Managing Director did not suffer any harm. ‘The Rivers State Government has viewed with concern the recent developments at the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) in which the name of our daughter, Dr Joi Nunieh, the immediate past Acting Managing Director of the Commission, has been dragged into. ‘We hereby call on those involved in the ongoing investigations in the NDDC to ensure that Dr Joi Nunieh does not suffer any harm in the course of their undertakings. ‘We wish to state categorically that the Rivers State Government will never support any action that will prevent or jeopardize the laudable intentions of His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari (GCFR), to positively reposition the NDDC and fulfil the yearnings and aspirations of the people of the Niger Delta. ‘However, we wish to state that while we are not interested in identifying with the present unfolding drama in the NDDC, we will not, however, fail to protect our daughter from actual harm or perceived danger. ‘The state owes it as a duty to protect her citizens from danger no matter their political affiliation and we cannot fold our hands and watch anyone harm her or, indeed, any Rivers citizen. ‘We advise those involved in the present altercations in the NDDC to thread with caution in their actions and utterances,’ Nsirim advised. Sun News President Muhammadu Buhari has been charged to immediately sack the Niger Delta Development Commission’s (NDDC) executive director of projects, Dr. Cairo Ojougboh on the grounds that he lacks the qualification to man his current position. Women under the aegis of Niger-Delta Women Integrity Vanguard (NDWIV), gave the call in a… March 7, 2020 In "News" By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt - The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has started distributing relief materials to communities affected by flood in Rivers, an official said. Dr Joi Nunieh, the Acting Managing Director, NDDC, disclosed this in a statement by the commission’s Director of Corporate Affairs, Mr Charles Odili,… November 25, 2019 In "News" By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt - The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has inaugurated contract documentation and project assessment committees in preparation for forensic audit of its finances. The acting Managing Director, Dr Joi Nunieh, said this in a statement on Saturday by Mr Charles Odili, its Director, Corporate Affairs… February 8, 2020 In "News"