By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Senator Ifeanyi Ubah has described the hot exchange of words between the Minister of state for Labour and Employment, Mr.Festus Keyamo with lawmakers at the National Assembly on Tuesday as display of rascality by the Junior minister. The senator who addressed the press at the Senate on Wednesday regretted that he was not in the Senate during the encounter with Keyamo adding that “such rascality should not be condoned”. It would be recalled that lawmakers and Keyamo on Tuesday disagreed over recruitment of 774,000 Public Works Programme, under the National Directorate of Employment, NDE. Specifically, the joint Committe of the National Assembly on Labour sought to find out the method of selection of a 20-man Committe from each state for the programme. Senator Ubah condemned the action of the minister on Wednesday saying “the duty of the legislature is to checkmate the executive in a democratic government”. He said “appointees of the President should understand that the Senate has oversight function over their ministry”, adding “Keyamo is not even a substantive minister”. In another development, the senator representing Anambra south senatorial district described as milestone the creation of five new zonal headquarters for the Nigeria Police Force with zone 13 situated in Ukpo, Dunukofia local government, Anambra state to be in charge of Ebonyi, Enugu and Anambra state police commands. Ubah also applauded President Muhamadu Buhari for his intervention in the Enugu-Onitsha expressway presently being constructed. The Senate and the House of Representatives yesterday urged President Muhammadu Buhari to suspend the implementation of the plan to recruit 774,000 Nigerians for Special Public Works across the country, The Nation reports. The position of both chambers of the National Assembly followed a sharp disagreement between the National Assembly… July 1, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - It was a show of shame on Tuesday as members of the National Assembly Joint Committee on Employment, Labour and Productivity engaged the Minister of State for Labour, Productivity and Employment, Mr. Festus Keyamo (SAN), in a 30-minute shouting match over the proposed employment of 774,000… July 1, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Minister of State for Labour, Employment and Productivity, Mr Festus Keyamo, traded words with members of the National Assembly on Tuesday over the National Directorate of Employment recruitment exercise. Trouble started when the Director-General of the NDE, Mr. Nasiru Ladan, could not defend the N52 billion budgeted for the… June 30, 2020 In "News"