A 49-year-old professional photographer Ravi Hongal from Belgaum, India has taken his passion for the profession to another level by naming his three sons after iconic camera brands – Canon, Nikon and Epson. Not only that, but he also spent a small fortune on a three-story villa shaped like a giant camera. He reportedly spent around $95,000 on the house that is shaped like a giant vintage camera, complete with a lens-shaped window, flash, and even a giant SD card. A local news blog All About Belgaum reports that although he wasn’t the best student of photography, he was always shooting pictures with Pentax and Zenit cameras. He later started his own photography business and named his studio after his wife, Rani. But as if Ravi’s obsession with photography wasn’t already obvious, he decided to put it on full display by having his three story house designed as a giant grey camera featuring all kinds of photo-related elements, like a lens, a giant camera flash, SD card, several film reels, as well as the names of his sons – Canon, Nikon and Epson. His unusual home was recently showcased in a Caters clip and while only the exterior is visible, the description claims that the interior decorations are along the same lines, with ceilings and walls designed as different parts of a camera. Source Nigerian actress cum photographer, Princess Thompson has spoken about her career and life in general. Princess Ayoka Thompson is a woman of many parts. The 28-year-old daughter to the late Oloni of Eti-Oni, Oba Olayiwola Thompson Fabiyi III is an actress, director, producer, photographer and cinematographer. Thompson made her mark… August 4, 2019 In "Interview" Nigerian actress cum photographer, Princess Ayoka Thompson has spoken about her career and life in general.   Princess Ayoka Thompson is a woman of many parts. The 28-year-old daughter to the late Oloni of Eti-Oni, Oba Olayiwola Thompson Fabiyi III is an actress, director, producer, photographer and cinematographer. Thompson made her… August 4, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Reuben Abati I have very vivid memories of my last visit to The Gambia. This was in 2013 when President Goodluck Jonathan paid a two-day visit to the country. In the course of that visit, President Jonathan commissioned the new Chancery of the Nigerian Embassy in Banjul, and also… January 24, 2017 In "Opinion"