By Solomon Asowata Lagos –   Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) on Friday said it had intensified efforts to curb cases of meter tampering by customers within its operational network.Mr Godwin Idemudia, General Manager, Corporate Communications, EKEDC, in a statement issued in Lagos warned that those involved in such nefarious activities would face prosecution. Idemudia said the warning follows the recent arraignment of three persons before an Ojo Magistrates’ Court on a four-count charge of conspiracy to commit fraud, impersonation, forgery and tampering with electricity installations.He said the accused persons allegedly received the sum of N70,000 from unsuspecting customers who wanted to get their prepaid meters repaired and placed them on direct connection. Idemudia said :” It is rather unfortunate that people go about parading themselves as our staff when they are not.“We will go the full extent of the law and this will serve as a deterrent to others aiming to do same.”He urged EKEDC customers to always go through the appropriate channels for all complaints or issues and make no form of payment to unauthorised persons or channels.Idemudia also advised customers to report any staff or partners that make demands on them for EKEDC’s services via its social media platforms and other designated channels. (NAN) By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - Eko Electricity Distribution Company(EKEDC) says it has apprehended one Durojaiye John Tope for extortion of money from unsuspecting energy consumers and posing as a staff of the company. Mr Godwin Idemudia, the General Manager, Corporate Communications of EKEDC, made the disclosure on Saturday in Lagos.… March 30, 2019 In "Business" ByRaji Rasak Lagos - The management of Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) on Wednesday assured its customers of improved electricity supply throughout the period of  Eid-el-Kabir holidays. Mr Godwin Idemudia,  its General Manager (Corporate Communications Unit), gave the assurance in a statement in Lagos. According to him, EKEDC will stop… August 7, 2019 In "News" By Raji Rasak   Lagos  -    The Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) says it will ensure uninterrupted power supply within its operational territory throughout the Eid-El-Fitr holidays. Mr Godwin Idemudia, the General Manager, Corporate Communications of EKEDC, gave the assurance in a statement in Lagos. “We are aware of high… June 13, 2018 In "News"