Bratislava  – Slovakian Prime Minister Igor Matovic on Friday survived a vote of no confidence in parliament, with only 47 lawmakers voting in favour of his dismissal. Matovic took office four months ago and could have been forced to resign if there had been 76 votes or more against him. The vote followed a debate that ran from Thursday into early Friday in which opposition politicians accused Matovic of incompetence, dishonesty and fraud. He countered by criticising the social democratic Smer party, which his government replaced, saying “the squealing you hear here is because we chased the pigs away from their feeding trough.” When Matovic left parliament just before midnight, members of the radical right-wing LSNS (People’s Party Our Slovakia) had occupied the podium for about three-quarters of an hour. They successfully forced Matovic, who had apparently gone home in the meantime, to return to parliament to continue listening to the accusations against him. Smer tabled the motion for a no-confidence vote after it was revealed by left-wing newspaper Dennik N that Matovic plagiarized his university thesis and cheated in other papers during his degree, which he later admitted to. Matovic defended himself in parliament and said his thesis was not as big a problem as corruption, which he has repeatedly vowed to clean up. (dpa/NAN) South Africa's highest court has ruled that a vote of no-confidence against President Jacob Zuma can be held in secret. The constitutional court said that the Speaker of parliament had the right to order such a move. She had previously stated she did not have the power. Opposition parties believe… June 22, 2017 In "Foreign" Bangkok - Thailand’s King Maha Vajiralongkorn on Friday opened the country’s first parliament since the military seized power from an elected government in a 2014 coup. Parliament will choose a new prime minister, who will form a cabinet likely in June, but its exact makeup is not yet known after… May 24, 2019 In "Foreign" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United Nations accused Islamic State fighters in Iraq of executions, rape and forced recruitment of children during a campaign to seize much of northern Iraq, part of a conflict it said has killed almost 5,600 civilians this year. In a report, the U.N. focused on a… July 18, 2014 In "Foreign"