By Muftau Ogunyemi  Akure  – Mr Bode Ayorinde, one of the aspirants in the just concluded governorship primaries election of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, has congratulated the winner, Mr Eyitayo Jegede. Ayorinde, in a statement signed by his senior media aide, Olusegun Adebumiti, on Thursday in Akure, described the election as keenly contested. The aspirant, therefore, called for unity among the contestants to ensure the party’s victory in the Oct. 10 governorship election. “As I have always stated, only one person will emerge victorious in a contest of many aspirants. “I, therefore, use this opportunity to congratulate Eyitayo Jegede, SAN for a well-deserved victory, wishing him greater success in the contest ahead. “My warm greetings to other co-aspirants for a bold attempt. “In togetherness, we can move PDP to greater heights. “We are particularly grateful to God for His grace and mercy over us during the struggle. “Ours is a systemic campaign throughout the build-up to the primaries and we can only be grateful to the Almighty God for a successful exercise. “We appreciate all our supporters in this sojourn and we can only remind you all to keep the hope alive,’’ Ayorinde said. NAN reports that Ayorinde scored 95 votes place fourth in the primaries. (NAN) Okitipupa -  A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo state, Mr Larry Ogunmusire, has said that the party would win the Nov. 26 governorship election in the state. Ogunmusire, who is the Chairman of Okitipupa Local Government Area, said this in an interview with the News Agency… August 26, 2016 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No fewer than 2,300 delegates will converge on Akure, the Ondo State capital, today to elect the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Eight aspirants are competing for the ticket. They are Deputy Governor Agboola Ajayi, who recently defected from the… July 22, 2020 In "Politics" The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State may have assumed a new dimension following resistance by the governorship aspirants of the party to allow the state Deputy Governor, Mr Agboola Ajayi contest as the consensus candidate of the party. Ajayi who is currently at loggerheads with… June 15, 2020 In "Politics"