According to FOX 5 DC, two best friends have graduated from high school years after doctors told their parents they would have a 2 percent survival rate at birth. The boys, Odin and Jordan, were born with brain damage. The two best friends, who both have special needs, grew up side-by-side in Tyler, Texas. Doctors thought they wouldn’t live very long. It was revealed that doctors said they had a low survival rate and even if they survived, they would be in a vegetative stage. However, they beat the odds. Earlier this month, the two 18-year-olds received their high school diplomas together. The news of the boys’ high school graduation went viral after Reddit user Tim Frost posted a side by side photo of his son Odin and Odin’s best friend Jordan on their first day of school and on graduation day. He wrote: “My son and his best friend, both told their survival rate would be around 2%, never walk, and live in a vegetative state if they made it past 7 years, both walked the stage and graduated tonight!!! (Left pic is from the first day of school. The right is from graduation this evening)” After the post went viral, Tim Frost – Odin’s dad – was invited for several interviews. He explained that the boys met at Wayne D. Boshears Center for Exceptional Programs when they were just 3 years old. “Their very first day of school, they were put in the same classroom, “Tim Frost, Odin’s dad, told CBS News on Wednesday. “They pretty much had this immediate bond. Neither one of them could speak, but wherever the other one was, they were always together.” He told FOX 5 DC that the pandemic has cancelled Odin’s birthday and graduation ceremonies but positive and supportive comments from the community have lifted his spirits. He also hopes the post will reach Odin’s favorite band, The Roots.  Source I didn't want to write this week. It wasn't writer's block or the occasional frustration from sounding like a broken record. It was not the feeling of speaking to the Nigeria wall, either. Nothing of the sort. It was the call, Ikeogu. The call from your sister, Ada, on Saturday… November 29, 2018 In "Opinion" New York - UN Special Envoy for Global Education, Mr Gordon Brown, says without education, Syria’s children will be a lost generation. Brown, who briefed correspondents in New York on Tuesday via telephone link on the humanitarian situation and the Syria Pledging Conference, which will take place in London on… January 12, 2016 In "Foreign" BY BBC A woman in Sweden has given birth to a baby boy using a transplanted womb, in a medical first, doctors report. The 36-year-old mother, who was born without a uterus, received a donated womb from a friend in her 60s. The British medical journal The Lancet says the… October 4, 2014 In "News"