CSA had to postpone the match from its original date of June 27 as the government had not provided the necessary approval for training and match-day protocols. However, the players returned to the nets on Monday and the game will now be staged on the 102nd anniversary of the birth of former president Nelson Mandela. “I can’t think of a more appropriate day on which to hold this game than Nelson Mandela Day, when its prime objective is to raise funds for those who have been badly affected by the coronavirus,” CSA Acting Chief Executive Jacques Faul said in a statement on Wednesday. AB de Villiers, Quinton de Kock and Kagiso Rabada will lead three teams of eight batting for a total of 12 overs, six per innings, during which time they will face both opponents. At the fall of the seventh wicket, the last remaining batsman can carry on but only score in even numbers —- twos, four or a six. The team with the highest aggregate total at the end will be declared the winners. The fixture is a chance for the country’s leading players to get some game-time under their belts in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, but will also raise funds for charity. South Africa is still seeing a steady rise in COVID-19 cases, with the province of Gauteng, where the fixture is to be played, reporting a sharp increase in the past week. (Reuters/NAN) The past days have been filled with intense build-up to what could easily pass as one of the most important games ever between South Africa and Nigeria at the ongoing AFCON 2019 tournament in Egypt. Both teams will battle for a place in the semi finals today in Cairo. Here are interesting heads-to-head… July 10, 2019 In "Sports" PORT ELIZABETH   - South Africa No. 8 Duane Vermeulen became the Springboks' latest casualty ahead of the final test against Ireland after being ruled out with an elbow injury, the South African Rugby Union (SARU) said on Monday. Vermeulen follows flyhalf Pat Lambie, still suffering from concussion, in missing… June 21, 2016 In "Sports" CAPE TOWN - Cricket South Africa (CSA) was plunged into further disarray on Tuesday as the country’s players’ association repeated its call for the executive to step down and refused to co-operate with a proposed committee to reform the domestic game. The South African Cricketers Association (SACA) is locked in… December 17, 2019 In "Sports"