Nollywood actress Uche Elendu is 34. The actress added +1 on Tuesday, July 14. The mother of two took to her social media page to share the news with her fans and followers. She took to her Instagram page to share lovely photos. The entertainer looked as elegant as she used to. Donned in a red outfit, she had silver earrings to match. Her hair was packed to the back and a lovely gold sandal on her legs. Appreciating God for bringing her far in life, the film star revealed that her birthday is the best day of her life. According to her, she is a living testimony that the love of God never ceases. The actress totally looks lovely as she gives the vibe of a queen seated on her throne. With a huge smile on her face, Uche is really a beautiful woman. See her posts below: On my head is a very visible crown, but only the pure in heart, and they that are Blessed with Discernment can see it. Happy Birthday Chief. Amb Uche Elendu. God bless your new age. @mlogimagery  Someone saw this pic and said this is big osinachi.. is that true?? A post shared by  Amb. Uche Elendu (@ucheelendu) on Jul 14, 2020 at 11:28am PDT The Steadfast Love of my Lord Jesus Christ never Ceases. I Am A Living Testimony 14 – 07- 2020. The Best Day of my Life. Happy Birthday To Me Hair @worldfamousmall  Dress @cathystephenofficial  Snatched @killercurvesbeautystore  Sandals @valenciapoisehouse  Photography @mlogimagery Hair styled @segungbabyface A post shared by  Amb. Uche Elendu (@ucheelendu) on Jul 13, 2020 at 4:34pm PDT Source Nigerian Billionaire, Prince Ned Nwoko has taken to his Instagram page to share lovely beautiful picture of his two wives, Regina Daniels and Laila Charani. The Nollywood actress, Regina Daniels who recently put to bed was pictured together with her Morrocan co-wife, Laila Charani as she visited her in the… July 1, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" Yvonne Jegede and son, Xavier Nollywood actress and proud mother of one, Yvonne Jegede, has showed off new photos of her son, Xavier Jegede-Fawole. The beautiful actress took to her Instagram to share the beautiful new photos as she posed with her son. Yvonne Jegede and son, Xavier She captioned… February 7, 2020 In "Metro" Uche Elendu, Funke Akindele Bello Actress Uche Elendu has appealed to the Lagos state government and the police to release her colleague, Funke Akindele-Bello, for the sake of her twins. In a post shared on her Instagram page, she wrote Please release her i dont have any excuses to make… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment"