The National Coordinator of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Aspirants Forum, Col. Abdulazeez Yar’Adua (Rtd.), has urged the party’s caretaker committee to address the problems arising from the party’s internal democracy. Col. Yar’Adua told newsmen on Tuesday in Abuja that the crisis rocking the party was as a result of the issues from the primaries in 2018 which were not addressed. He said, “A lot of our members were aggrieved during the primaries in 2018, but because we believe in the ideals of the party, we decided to come together to work for the party’s success during the general elections.” Yar’Adua further said the group would meet with the caretaker committee to register its grievances with a view to addressing them. He added that, “If reconciliation with aggrieved members does not take place, the convention will not take place.” The National Executive Committee (NEC) of the ruling APC, recently, appointed Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State as Chairman Caretaker/Extra-ordinary convention committee of the party. This follows the dissolution of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the pary. It would be recalled that the APC witnessed leadership crisis, following the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman and the endorsement of Victor Giadom as Acting National Chairman for two weeks by a court. However, majority of the NWC members, loyal to Oshiomhole appointed the ailing Deputy National Chairman, South, Sen. Abiola Ajimobi, as the Acting National Chairman. The National Vice Chairman South South, Hilliard Eta, was subsequently appointed to act on his behalf. Daily Trust By Zubairu Idris   Katsina -   No fewer than 119 delegates from Katsina State will participate in the forthcoming Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Convention for presidential primary election in preparation for the 2019 general elections. The convention is scheduled to hold between Oct. 5 and 6, 2018 in… September 26, 2018 In "Politics" By Oloniruha Bamiyo Emmanuel Abuja - The extended national caucus of  PDP has endorsed the peace move by the Ahmed Makarfi-led National Caretaker Committee to reconcile with the disputed National Chairman of the party, Alhaji  Ali Modu Sheriff and his faction. The PDP National Publicity Secretary, Prince Dayo Adeyeye, disclosed… October 6, 2016 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics"