By Segun Giwa Akure  – The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has suspended the Continuous Voters Registration (CVR) ahead of the Oct. 10 governorship election in Ondo State.Mr Rufus Akeju the state Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Resident Electoral Commissioner disclosed this at a news conference in Akure on Wednesday.Akeju said that INEC has also suspended the issuance of Permanent Voter’s Card (PVCs) until after the poll.“It is extremely important for me to inform you that the Commission has suspended the CVR.“And the implication is that, the window of opportunity for new registrants to register, distribution of PVCs, transfer of registration and replacement of lost or defaced PVCs has been shut for the meantime owing to the ravaging pandemic.“For the avoidance of doubt, Section 78(7) of the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended) empowers INEC to de-register political parties in carrying our this constitutional responsibility.“The commission has de-registered Seventy-four (74) political parties and now left with Eighteen (18) subsisting political parties in the political space of the country.“In accordance with the election timetable released by INEC for the conduct of gubernatorial election in Ondo State, the conduct of the political party primaries shall take place between July 2 and July 25.“Pursuant to the above, and also as political activities begin to gather momentum in the state, I hereby admonish the political actors and gladiators to live up to expectations.“Play the game according to the dictate of the extant laws, regulations and guidelines of their political parties to promote democratic values,”he said.Akeju revealed that the number of registered voters was 1,822,346, while number of PVCs collected was 1,478,460, while 372, 888 PVCs were uncollected.He also revealed that in compliance with Section 30(1) and in conformity with the scheduled time table, the electoral body had posted the notice of election on July 1 as required by law. (NAN) ABUJA - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said that the distribution of Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) will resume in 13 states of the federation between Nov. 7 and Nov. 9. In a statement issued in Abuja on Friday, INEC also said that there would be Continuous Voter Registration (CVR)… October 17, 2014 In "News" By Ibrahim G. Ahmad Gusau,   -    The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it registered 706,641 new voters during the just-concluded Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise in Zamfara State. Mr Garbage Galadima, Head, Voter Education and Publicity of the Commission in the state, dsiclosed this in a statement issued on… September 6, 2018 In "News" By Philip Yatai Kaduna -  The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has registered 537,874 new voters in Kaduna State during the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise which came to an end on Aug. 31. INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner in the state, Malam Abdullahi Kaugama, who announced this at… September 1, 2018 In "Politics"