Nollywood actor Bolanle Ninalowo has revealed that he was born into a staunch Muslim family as Azeez but his system of faith changed after some bad experience. Ninalowo said he ran into trouble and couldn’t be saved by his parents and family members who were Muslims. He, however, stated that the bible rescued him from the trouble and since then “it became my life manual.” Ninalowo revealed this during an Instagram Live session with Mr. Porsche. However, he noted that he has only been to church. He said: “Although I have only gone to church once in my entire life, I read the bible a lot. My name is Azeez; I was born into a staunch Muslim family. When I was troubled and frustrated, it was the bible that saved me, as my parents and family members couldn’t. So, I picked up the bible and it became my life manual.” Reacting to the rate at which Nollywood veterans go suddenly sick and broke, Ninalowo said the actors are to blame and not the government. He said “The blame should not be on Nollywood because it doesn’t have structure, it should be on the individual. You are not a victim of circumstances; you are a victim of the choices you made. A lot of them are carried away. They don’t have retirement plans.” The Nation Nollywood actor, Bolanle Ninalowo has revealed the extent scammers have gone to dupe people with his identity.He shared a photo of a passport and bank ATM card that looks so real. He claims those are not his and they were created by scammers to dupe people.He also warned people to… December 12, 2019 In "Metro" Popular Nollywood actor, Bolanle Ninalowo, has said whenever he wants to pray, he does so in the nude. He said prayer is what moves God to bless humans and not majorly by working hard. The actor, who shot his way to limelight with his role in ‘Husbands of Lagos’ told… February 10, 2017 In "Entertainment" Actor, Bolanle Ninalowo, popularly known as Nino B, is a hunk of a man. With a well built physique, there is no doubt that he is the dream of many ladies. As a result of his handsome look, many have assumed that he is a playboy. However, in a chat… December 23, 2019 In "Entertainment"