By Muhammad Adam Yola  – Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa has approved the appointment of Dr Daniel Ismaila Shagah as the 29th Paramount ruler of Bachama Kingdom. The government announced this in a statement signed by Humwashi Wunosikou, Press Secretary to Fintiri, on Wednesday in Yola. Shagah’s appointment followed the demise of Honest Irmiya Stephen, the 28th ruler of Bachama Kingdom in Numan/Lamurde local government areas of the state. The late monarch, who succeeded late Asaph Zadok, the 27th Hama Bachama, had reigned for eight years before his death on June 28. Wunosikou quoted the governor as congratulating the new Hama Bachama and the kingmakers for a peaceful process that informed the choice of Shagah. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that Shagah, OON, was a retired Director, Finance and Administration of the NDLEA. He was the Founder and Coordinator, Volunteers for Sustainable Development Inc., an NGO, and member of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration Training Academy, among others. Fintiri said: “Shaga, a trained Narcotics Officer and technocrat, no doubt, has the capacity to lead his people right. “I believe he will build on the legacies of late Honest Stephen, who stood tall during his reign in peace building initiatives.’’ The governor praised the peaceful disposition of the new ruler and urged him to bring his experience to bear in the development of Bachama Kingdom, and the state at large. He further charged leaders of the kingdom The governor appealed to to maintain peace and ensure preservation of the cultural norms of their forefathers. (NAN) YOLA - Traditional rulers in Adamawa have declared their full support and commitment to working with the acting governor of the state, Alhaji Ahmadu Fintiri, for peace and unity of the state. A delegation of the traditional rulers made the declaration while paying Sallah homage to the acting Governor at… July 29, 2014 In "News" Colonel Honest Irmiya Stephen (retd), the paramount ruler of Bachama Kingdom in Adamawa State, is dead, SaharaReporters reports. The monarch was said to have died in the early hours of Sunday in his sleep. Spokesperson for the kingdom, Chief Timawus Mathias, said, "Homun Honest died in the late hours of… June 28, 2020 In "News" By Yakubu Uba   Numan (Adamawa)  -   The  Hama Bachama, Chief Honest Irimiya, has lauded former Gov. Murtala Nyako for his role as peace maker in the state. The traditional ruler made the commendation on Friday in Numan while receiving Nyako who paid him a courtesy call. Irimiya, who… December 28, 2018 In "News"