By Oluwafunke Ishola/Florence Onuegbu Lagos –   The Lagos State Government on Monday announced the recovery of 31 additional coronavirus patients, having tested negative twice to the disease. Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said in a statement that a total of 1,771 patients had been managed and discharged from the isolation centres. ”Good people of Lagos, 31 more #COVID19Lagos patients; 15 females and 16 males, all Nigerians were discharged from our Isolation facilities today to reunite with the society. ”The patients; 13 from Agidingbi, 8 from Onikan, 8 from Gbagada, 1 from Mainland Infectious Disease Hospital, Yaba and 1 from LUTH Isolation Centres were discharged after full recovery and testing negative to COVID-19. ”This brings to 1,771, the number of #COVID19 confirmed cases that have been successfully managed and discharged from Lagos Isolation Centres. ”Let’s continue to adhere strictly to #PhysicalDistancing and #handhygiene principles #ForACOVID19FreeLagos,” the COVID-19 Incident Commander said. (NAN) By Oluwafunke Ishola/Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government on Thursday announced the recovery and discharge of 36 more coronavirus (COVID-19) patients who tested negative twice to the disease. Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said in a statement that a total of 1,364 patients have so far been… June 26, 2020 In "Health" By Oluwafunke Ishola/Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government, on Wednesday, announced the recovery and discharge of 26 more patients who tested negative twice to the Coronavirus. Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said in a statement that the total number of COVID-19 patients discharged had become 528. ‘Good… May 13, 2020 In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos -The Lagos State Government on Saturday discharged 22 more patients who tested negative twice to coronavirus disease. Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, made the disclosure in a statement issued to newsmen, saying that the number of patients treated and discharged from the isolation centres now stands at 247.… May 3, 2020 In "Health"