Nollywood actor, Mike Godson has cried out on social media how a fake story by foremost blogger, Linda Ikeji has ruined his life. According to him, the fake story has made every girl run away from him. The Imo born actor said, Linda Ikeji published a false story saying that he welcomed a set of twins with his “wife”, even though he is still very much single. He revealed that this made every girl he tries to ask out turns him down. He also added that he is a perpetual single man thanks to her, therefore, he wants her to give him one of her sisters. He wrote: “Dear bloggers both big & small, Kindly do a research about a story before you put it out to the public. Some time ago, Linda ikeji put out a fake story about me being married & expecting twins. Now no girl wants to take me serious because they think I’m married. I keep getting congratulatory messages and calls, people wishing me a happy married life & asking about my children. I just don’t understand this type of rough play. Some times I ask my self, did my ghost leave my body to get married without my knowledge Dear Linda ikeji, you have finally burnt all my cables, as all my girls say they can’t marry me because you said I am married. So It is time to give me one of your sisters. ” Dear bloggers both big & small, Kindly do a research about a story before you put it out to the public. Some time ago, Linda ikeji put out a fake story about me being married & expecting twins. Now no girl wants to take me serious because they think I'm married. I keep getting congratulatory messages and calls, people wishing me a happy married life & asking about my children. I just don't understand this type of rough play. Some times I ask my self, did my ghost leave my body to get married without my knowledge? Dear Linda ikeji, you have finally burnt all my cables, as all my girls say they can't marry me because you said I am married. So It is time to give me one of your sisters.  @officiallindaikeji A post shared by  Mike Godson (@mikegodson) on Jul 25, 2020 at 3:46am PDT Source Controversial blogger, Linda Ikeji says her and her baby Daddy, Sholaye Jeremi are no longer together. The 37 year old blogger took to her blog to detailed reasons why her relationship with, her son’s father whom she met in Dec. 2015, didn’t work out as she had expected. Ikeji, who… December 14, 2018 In "Entertainment" Abuja - Celebrity blogger, Linda Ikeji, YouTube Vlogger, Grace Ajilore, and business woman, Gloria Osei are on the hot seat this morning after being called out on social media for misleading their fellow women.  It all started after news broke that Grace Ajilore is expecting a baby with a man… December 16, 2019 In "Metro" Following the recent rape accusation by Nigerian TV presenter and model, Emilia Samuel, against Theo Ukpa, a film maker, his former boss, Linda Ikeji wrote him an open letter officially distancing herself from him. Although Ukpa was sacked by Ikeji after the rape allegation was made public, he had put… September 14, 2018 In "Metro"