By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja  – All Progressives Congress (APC) National Executive Committee (NEC) Integrity Group has lauded the leadership of the APC caretaker committee led by Gov. Mai Mala Buni of Yobe, saying that the committee will engender genuine reconciliation and peace in the party. The group said this in a letter signed by its Chairman, Mr Abubakar Saadu and Secretary, Mr David Okumba, to the APC caretaker committee chairman, Gov. Buni, in Abuja on Monday. The group commended President Muhammadu Buhari for dissolving the APC National Working Committee (NWC), adding that the new caretaker committee would engender genuine reconciliation and peace in the party. It also described the emergence of Gov. Buni led- APC caretaker committee as a well thought out move. The group expressed its readiness to support and work with the committee in order to restore the party to it prime status. “As NEC member, we are always ready and available for the Caretaker committee and shall support committee in whichever way required in the course of steering the party’s affairs,” the group said. According to the group, it has formally written the APC Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee to present members of its executive and Board of Trustees. The group which has a 17-executive member led by Mr Abubakar Saadu from North West and Mr David Okumgba – South South as secretary. Its board of trustees consists of five members led by Alhaji Nasiru Danu from North West and Mr Sunday Jacob – South East as secretary. (NAN) By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja - The Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has constituted Reconciliation Committees for Edo and Ondo States.APC Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yekini Nabena, said this in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday.Nabena said that the reconciliation committee for Edo would be led by… June 30, 2020 In "Politics" By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja - The new Caretaker Committee Chairman of APC, Mai Mala Buni, has pledged to do justice to every party member and ensure the ensure the current challenges were amicably resolved. Buni, also the Governor of Yobe, made the pledge on Thursday while speaking with newsmen in… June 25, 2020 In "Politics" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, on Thursday night declared that there was no differences to be sorted out in the party. Tinubu, also said, “there is no crisis in the party, hence, no fight to reconcile.” He made the declaration shortly after… July 3, 2020 In "Politics"