By Chidinma Ewunonu-Aluko Ibadan –   The National  Youth Service Corps (NYSC) in Oyo State says its attention has been drawn to a viral video of a female ex-corps member arrested by security operatives at the resident of a suspected armed robber/kidnapper in Ibadan. The state NYSC Coordinator, Mrs Grace Ogbuogebe, said in a statement on Friday in Ibadan that the NYSC condemned maltreatment of the ex-corps member as shown in the video. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that a viral video showed how some policemen arrested and dehumanised an ex-corps member, identified as Towobola, in a suspected kidnapper/robber’s house. Ogbuogebe said the video, which had attracted strong indignation from the public, showed that the action of the law enforcement agents was unacceptable. “It was quite unfortunate for her to have been turned to a victim of circumstances and an object of ridicule despite the fact that she was not found in any crime scene, neither was anything incriminating discovered on her,” she said. Ogbuogebe said the manner the operatives were interrogating Towobola about her private life in public glare was unprofessional and suggested a sinister motive. She called on the Oyo State Police Command to ensure that appropriate disciplinary actions were taken against the operatives to serve as a deterrent to others who might want to exhibit such a tendency. According to her, Towobola, who recently passed out of national service, had been released after NYSC’s intervention. Also, the Oyo State Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Mr Seun Fakorede, who is the Chairman, NYSC Governing Board in the state, also condemned the act. Fakorede called for a thorough investigation into the matter, by the police, to ensure justice. “It could, therefore, be concluded that these officers deliberately humiliated this lady for a reason best known to them. “This action is unprofessional and capable of bringing the police into disrepute.” (NAN) By Chidinma Ewunonu-Aluko Ibadan - The Director-General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Maj.-Gen. Suleiman Kazaure, has warned corps members to avoid any form of election malpractice as anyone caught will be prosecuted. Kazaure gave the warning in Ibadan on Tuesday during his advocacy and sensitisation visit to Oyo State in… January 22, 2019 In "News" UYO, - The Resident Electoral Commissioner in Akwa Ibom, Mr Austin Okojie, on Saturday said security operatives had arrested a former NYSC boss, Maj.-Gen. Edet Akpan, for alleged electoral offences. Okojie disclosed this in Uyo while briefing newsmen on challenges experienced in the ongoing Governorship and House of Assembly elections… April 11, 2015 In "News" By Chidinma Ewunonu-Aluko   Ibadan   -    Oyo State Government on Wednesday urged employers of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) members to support and accommodate the corps members to enable them to perform their responsibilities effectively. The state’s Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Hon. Abayomi Oke, made the call at… March 14, 2018 In "News"