The Commandant of the Ekiti State Security Network code named Amotekun, Brigadier-General Joe Komolafe (Rtd.) has said the corps will deploy both supernatural and modern security techniques to combat banditry, kidnapping and other manifestations of criminalities in the state. Brigadier-General Komolafe disclosed this on Monday at Efon Alaaye during a sensitization tour to Ekiti West, Efon Alaaye and Ijero Local Government Areas of the State. The Corps Commandant explained that the security outfit would employ ancient Yoruba tactics of securing territories and fishing out criminals from their hide out. He noted the neglect of local and ancient patterns of exposing criminals was one of the factors responsible for the rising wave of crimes in the region. He charged traditional rulers to deploy their supernatural prowess to secure lives and properties of people in their domains. Describing Amotekun as a force of liberation, Komolafe assured that the security outfit would protect the people of the Southwest from invaders who had constantly constitute threat to the safety of the region. Speaking on the composition of the security outfit, Komolafe said the first phase of the recruitment was to establish an intelligence- based outfit and later accommodate the Amotekun ambassadors who would serve as informants of the agency. According to him, there will be no age limit to those that would make up the ambassadorial category. Identifying Amotekun as indigenous outfit, Komolafe said; “we want people that can enter the bush and give us native intelligence about criminal hide outs. “People before us rose and fought invaders, we also want to rise and fight invaders. These invaders came with all forms of impunity, they kill, maim, rape and destroy people’s farm produce.” Earlier, the Chairman Ekiti State, Amotekun Board, Mr Akin Aregbesola explained that the sensitization tour was to sensitize the traditional rulers on the critical roles they had to play in recommending applicants into the outfit. Aregbesola who stressed that Amotekun is not an empowerment programme but a call to service, implored traditionalist, local hunters, vigilante and others who are vast in native security operations to apply into the outfit. He further disclosed that the application exercise which was billed to close on Wednesday 22nd has been extended to Saturday, 25th of July, to allow applicants go through the application process. Responding, the Alaaye of Efon Kingdom, Oba Emmanuel Aladejare said the traditional rulers in the axis were in total support of the recruitment process and would continue to provide native support that would guarantee the successful establishment of the security outfit. The Monarch urged the board to set in motion machinery that would facilitate inter-border cooperation with sister security outfit in other states to give room for smooth operation. The Nation Governors of the six Southwest states will meet with police chiefs on Wednesday ahead of Thursday’s inauguration of Amotekun, the region’s security outfit. Operation Amotekun is primed to curb armed banditry, kidnapping for ransom and other forms of criminality. The meeting is scheduled for Ibadan where the security outfit will… January 6, 2020 In "News" •NBA wants operation manual published as SANs back govs•It’s a good move to protect their people, says IPOB•Northern youths kick, insist it’s military wing of OPC Tobi Soniyi in Lagos, David-Chyddy Eleke in Awka and Kemi Olaitan in Ibadan Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Following controversies that have greeted the setting… January 12, 2020 In "Top Stories" Ekiti Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi on Monday said the bill seeking legal backing for the Western Nigeria Security outfit code-named ‘Operation Amotekun’ initiated by the six Governors in the Southwest region would be simultaneously assented to on Friday, February 14. Fayemi, who disclosed this while receiving proposal bill on Amotekun… February 10, 2020 In "News"