Kinshasa –   The Democratic Republic of Congo has given copper and cobalt mining companies a month to stop confining workers on site away from their families, the labour minister said in an open letter on Wednesday. Labour Minister Nene Nkula said the confinement was part of COVID-19 restrictions and return to normal operations. Workers have been told by managers to either stay and work or lose their jobs, civil society organisations said in June, citing miners and union representatives and demanding an end to the approach. “All mining companies that have confined workers to the operating site are granted a one-month moratorium to return to normal operation,” Nkula said in the letter, dated July 13. According to the minister, mining companies must provide healthcare for workers and their families, as well as decent housing and a healthy diet for confined workers. Congo is Africa’s top copper producer and the world’s main source of cobalt, accounting for two-thirds of global supplies of the metal used in Smartphones and electric car batteries. Mines minister Willy Samsoni has said full mine shutdowns would trigger a catastrophic economic and social crisis in the country, with the industry contributing 32 per cent of its GDP and 95 per cent of export revenue in 2018. Companies mining in Congo’s southern copper belt include Glencore subsidiary Katanga Mining, China Molybdenum’s Tenke Fungurume, MMG, and Chemaf, while Ivanhoe Mines is developing two copper mines there. “Six workers at Glencore’s Kamoto Copper Company (KCC) mine in Lualaba province have tested positive for the novel coronavirus,’’ KCC said a week ago. Glencore said KCC does not confine workers on site. Ivanhoe locked down its Kamoa-Kakula project, moving workers into mine-site accommodation, on April 3. On June 1, the company allowed the project’s Congolese employees to resume commuting to site from neighbouring communities. “Companies in Lualaba have a month from July 2 to prepare sanitation measures and release all workers confined for over a month. “In Haut-Katanga the period runs from July 6,’’ the letter said. (Reuters/NAN) DAKAR - A Congolese army officer arrived in the village of Kafwaya in June and warned residents not to trespass on a major Chinese copper and cobalt mine next door. As night fell about a week later, the soldiers moved in. Artisanal gold miners carry sacks of sediment from gold… July 17, 2019 In "Foreign" KINSHASA  - Copper production in Democratic Republic of Congo, Africa's top miner of the metal, dropped 20 percent in the first quarter of 2016, while cobalt and gold output also slumped amid low prices and production cutbacks, the central bank said on Saturday. The declines are hammering Congo's economy, which… June 5, 2016 In "Business" CAPE TOWN   - The Minister of Mines for Democratic Republic of Congo, Martin Kabwelulu, declined on Wednesday to say whether President Joseph Kabila had signed a new mining code into law that the industry opposes because it will raise royalties and taxes. The new code, which parliament approved late… February 7, 2018 In "Foreign"