AWKA- The Anambra State Government has congratulated Professor Charles Egbu on his emergence as the first black Vice Chancellor of a British university. Dr Egbu, a professor of quantity surveying, will on November 1 assume duties as the Vice Chancellor of Leeds Trinity University in England. He is currently the Pro- Vice Chancellor (Education & Experience) at the University of East London, having served as the Dean of the School of the Built Environment and Architecture of the London South Bank University and a senior academic at the University College, London. “This is a great moment for not only the government and people of Anambra State but also all Nigerians and indeed, Africans and Blacks across the globe”, declared Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State in a statement which was made available to journalists in Awka, the Anambra State capital, this morning. “Professor Egbu’s emergence is a game changer in the history of higher education in a conservative society like the United Kingdom where only last January the Universities Minister, The Honourable Chris Skidmore, decried the fact that the number of Blacks holding senior academic positions in Britain is officially zero”, continued Obiano. “Professor Egbu reminds all Africans of when Professor Kenneth Onwuka Dike, another worthy indigene of Anambra State, became the first African and Black Principal of the University College, Ibadan, and later emerged its first African and Black Vice Chancellor of the university, which was established in 1948. “Professor Dike, who graduated first class in the United Kingdom, just like Professor Egbu, made the University of Ibadan become synonymous with excellence in scholarship and administration throughout the world. “A farsighted leader, Professor Dike discovered early enough the great promise of such young scholars as Dr Jacob Ade Ajayi, and went out of his way to ensure their rapid rise, despite protests from certain quarters. “The records which these scholars made in various disciplines and endeavours vindicated Professor Dike’s actions, as he went on to become a distinguished professor at Harvard University until he was called upon, once again, to return home and serve  his fatherland”. Governor Obiano said that he is in no doubt that Professor Egbu, who hails from Abatete in Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State, “will excell in his new role and consequently market our dear state to the world in a most uncanny way. “I have no doubt in my mind that he will not for a moment forget his roots and how he can contribute to our development”. Noting that Professor Egbu’s appointment as the first Black Vice Chancellor of a UK university is purely based on merit rather than any primordial considerations, the Anambra State governor stated “with pride that it came when Anambra people in the state, in different parts of the country and all over the world are demonstrating, more than ever before, great competitiveness in education”. Miss Agnes Ego Maduafokwa from Ihiala scored a bull’s eye in Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) history by getting 365 marks out of a maximum 400 in the 2020 examination while David Nwobi from Nawfia in Njikoka Local Government Area made the second best result in the country. Two weeks ago, Dr Chidubem Obi from Ifite Dunu in Dunukofia Local Government Area became the first African to emerge the overall best student in Russia’s oldest and most prestigious medical university while Patrick Okigbo III, a member of the Anambra State Vision 2070 Committee set up by Governor Obiano to draw up a strategic plan to make the state fully developed like Dubai within 50 years, was one of the 12 persons across the globe appointed Senior Fellows at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard. “These are really good times for the people and government of Anambra State”, according to Governor Obiano who will next week honour in Awka the two candidates with the best results in the 2020 JAMB examination”. By Francis Onyeukwu Awka - The new Vice-Chancellor of Nnamdi Azikiwe University (NUA), Awka, popularly known as UNIZIK, Prof. Charles Esimone, says he will transform the institution from its 4,029 position to be among the best 200 in the world. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Esimone’s single… August 2, 2019 In "News" AWKA - Prof. Akachi Ezeigbo, a Professor of English Language at the University of Lagos, has advocated  the introduction of  peace education in the nation’s school curriculum. Ezeigbo made the call on Saturday at the third edition of a colloquium held at  a resource centre in Awka in honour of… March 21, 2015 In "News" •Vice-Chancellor of the University of Nigeria (UNN), Professor Charles Igwe, signing Condolence Register opened for Late Professor Chukwuemeka Ike, at the UNN A sombre atmosphere pervades the campuses of the University of Nigeria following the death of His Royal Majesty, Eze (Professor) Vincent Chukwuemeka Ike, NNOM, OFR, the renowned novelist… January 20, 2020 In "News"