Stephanie Victoria Allen known professionally as Stefflon Don has in a post on her Instagram page celebrated her boyfriend and Nigerian megastar Burna Boy on his birthday. Today, July 2, 2020, happens to be the birthday of the Nigerian singer and his girlfriend celebrated him with a romantic video. The Afrobeat artiste who won the Best International Act award at the just ended BET Awards held virtually was seen spending quality time with the rapper as they both shared a passionate kiss. The British rapper, singer, and songwriter, who rose to stardom after her 2017 single “Hurtin Me” featuring French Montana peaked at number 7 on the UK Singles Chart shared an intimate video of herself and Burna making out. WATCH VIDEO BELOW: Love Yo a$$ Forever And a Day My Sweetie Pie Cakes. Guys Go Wish @burnaboygram A Happy Birthday !!!!! #MyHeart A post shared by  ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀DON V-IV (@stefflondon) on Jul 2, 2020 at 3:00am PDT Ghpage Musician, Burna Boy has finally broken his silence over reports that he dumped his girlfriend for Princess Shyngle.   Nigerian superstar, Damini Ogulu, popularly known as Burna Boy has reacted to reports that he dumped his girlfriend, Stefflon Don for Ghanaian actress, Princess Shyngle. Recall that he was alleged to have dumped… August 30, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian Singer and rapper, Burna Boy shared a short video on his Instagram Stories of himself and British Singer and rapper, Stefflon Don cuddled up in bed, suggesting wild romance. Moments later, the beautiful Stefflon Don reacted on her Instagram story with a post confirming a relationship with Burna, but… February 12, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds" British rapper, Stefflon Don has shut down the rumours currently making the rounds on social media that she and her Nigerian Afropop sensation boyfriend, Burna Boy because he cheated on her with Gambian born, Ghana based actress, Princess Shyngle. Social media blog, Instablog9ja had posted some clips of Burna Boy… August 27, 2019 In "Entertainment"