Abuja- The Chair and CEO, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has appealed to the authorities of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to, as a matter of urgency, intervene by promptly paying the allowances, tuition and other incentives of students on foreign scholarships in the United Kingdom in order to guarantee their stay and continue their education abroad. She made the appeal Tuesday in a statement issued by Gabriel Odu of the Media, Public Relations and Protocol Unit, NiDCOM. The Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) had been under probe recently with the Senate ordering it to refund the N4.923 billion alleged illegal payments made to the staff of the commission and contractors in breach of the procurement process. Recall that the Executive Director on Project in NDDC, Cairo Ojougboh, had recently said in a television interview that the money paid into his account was for a trip to see the commission’s graduating students overseas. Dabiri-Erewa in the statement made reference to a letter written to the Minister of the Niger Delta Godswill Akpabio, dated June 18, 2020, NIDC/001/20/1 drawing attention to the plight of the students and urging the NDDC who are directly responsible for the Students’ scholarships to pay. Dabiri-Erewa added that the Commission counts on the Minister’s assurances that all outstanding payments to affected Students will be made. ‘At the moment there have been persistent calls by the Students for urgent intervention. ‘While the deadline for payment of the fees of some of the students has expired or about to expire, non-payment of their allowances have turned many of them to virtually become beggars. ‘The NiDCOM Chairman once again appealed to the Niger Delta Ministry and the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, to intervene urgently and promptly too,’ the statement added. Sun News •Godswill Akpabio In his continuing effort at delivering a more development-driven Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), President Muhammadu Buhari on March 10, 2020 inaugurated the Advisory Committee of the Commission. Similarly, the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio had also inaugurated the Presidential Monitoring Committee of the NDDC… March 13, 2020 In "Opinion" • Why lawmakers should reject commission’s budgets, by IYC • Interim team threat to N’Delta peace, Isoko youths warn Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Senate yesterday declared that it would not recognise the Interim Management Committee (IMC) in processing the 2019 and 2020 budget proposals of the Niger Delta Development… November 29, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Temitope Ponle Abuja - The Federal Government says that the forensic audit being carried out on the operations of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) will ensure a well set governance structure for the commission. The Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Sen. Godswill Akpabio, told newsmen on the sideline of… November 26, 2019 In "News"