By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos – Doctors employed by the Lagos State Government, under the auspices of Medical Guild, have called off their three days warning strike. Dr Oluwajimi Sodipo and Dr Ismail Ajibowo, Chairman and Secretary of the Guild respectively, made this known on Wednesday in a statement in Lagos. “The three days warning strike should be suspended and work resumes by 8.00a.m on July 16, 2020,” the Guild leaders said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalled that the doctors had on July 13 commenced a three-day warning strike over issues that affected their safety and welfare. Sodipo and Ajibowo called for positive change of attitude of relevant government agencies, commending the intervention of the State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, toward the resolution of the Guild’s demands. They said that the Guild officers’ committee would continue to engage relevant government agencies on all issues that precipitated the strike. The Guild leaders then urged the state government to demonstrate sincerity and commitment during the negotiation in order to avert unnecessary and preventable crisis in the state health sector. They appreciated all its members for their steadfastness in the struggle, assuring them of the Guild’s leadership commitment toward their safety and welfare. (NAN) •Chairman of the Medical Guild, Dr Oluwajimi Sodipo, flanked by his colleagues at a press conference in Lagos on 12 July 2020 LAGOS - No fewer than 200 doctors in Lagos State have contracted coronavirus (COVID-19) in the line of duty. This is according to the Medical Guild in its… July 15, 2020 In "News" The Medical Guild says three of its members at Alimosho General Hospital and Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, had tested positive for COVID-19. Dr Oluwajimi Sodipo and Dr Ismail Ajibowo, Chairman and Secretary of the guild respectively, made this known on Thursday in Lagos on the Instagram account… April 23, 2020 In "News" By Oluwafunke Ishola/Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government has urged striking doctors under its employment to suspend their three days warning strike and return to work. The State Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Gbenga Omotoso, made the plea in a statement in Lagos released on Monday night.… July 14, 2020 In "Health"