By Ayinde Olaide  Bauchi  –   Bauchi State has recorded another COVID-19 related death, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to 13. This was contained in the COVID-19 update by the state Ministry of Health Situation Room, made public in Bauchi on Thursday. According to the update, as at Wednesday, three new cases of COVID-19 were recorded, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the state to 519. The ministry further disclosed that 12 COVID-19 patients were discharged after testing negative for the virus twice. It also stated that the number of discharged cases so far, was 498 while the number of patients on admission was eight. “While the case fatality rate in the state is 2.5 per cent, there is no severe case on admission,” the ministry said. It further said that the total number of samples taken so far was 3,479 with nine pending. The ministry urged residents to adhere strictly to all preventive measures enumerated by government and health experts so as to prevent community transmission of the virus in the state. (NAN). Two patients have died from COVID-19 complications in Bauchi State This was contained in the Situation Room Update of the COVID-19 Emergency Operation Center in the Ministry of Health, Bauchi State, made available to journalists on Wednesday. This brings the total number of deaths in the state to three. The… May 13, 2020 In "News" The Lagos State Government on Wednesday announced the death of another COVID-19 related patient, barely 24 hours after the sixth death was recorded. It also announced that 25 new cases were recorded, bringing the total confirmed cases in the state to 217. The State Ministry of Health made this known… April 15, 2020 In "News" The Kano State government has confirmed the death of two more patients who tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. The state Ministry of Health announced this in a tweet, saying that was the situation in Kano as of 12:15pm on Monday. This brings the total number of COVID-19… April 27, 2020 In "Top Stories"