By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan on Tuesday explained why the Senate refused to yield to pressure to declare Senator Orji Uzor Kalu’s s seat and position vacant during the period of his incarceration. Lawan told leaders of thought from Abia State that what Senate did by preserving Kalu’s seat and his position was not extra-ordinary but the right and just thing to do. This was contained in a statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media) to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi made available to newsmen. The delegation of the leaders of thought were at the National Assembly in Abuja to appreciate the Senate and it’s leadership for showing their concerns for Kalu during his incarceration. Kalu was the Senate Chief Whip when a court in Lagos sentenced him to 12 years imprisonment in December 2019 for fraud committed while he was Abia State Governor between 1999 and 2007. Kalu spent six months in the Correctional Facility before he eventually regained his freedom and returned to the Senate following the Supreme Court’s judgement which nullified his conviction on grounds of lack of jurisdiction by the trial judge. Lawan told his guests that “there was no way anybody could convince us in the Senate that somebody should take the Abia North Seat because it wasn’t vacant. “He (Kalu) was on several appeals and until he exhausted all the opportunities available to him, that seat remained his seat. “Similarly the position of the Chief Whip, we didn’t even appoint an acting Chief Whip. The Deputy Chief Whip continued to play that role until he was released. “We came under pressure, of course. But we thought the right thing to do was to keep that seat, that position until he was able to get his judgement. “It would have been prematured, unjust and unfair to declare his seat vacant or his position to be given away because he was in that situation. “So we didn’t do anything extra-ordinary really. We did what was right, what was just, what was necessary.” Looking at the bi-partisan composition of the group, the Senate President commended the leaders for the unity and understanding among them and their followers. “It has been a long time, I have not seen or heard the kind of unity, understanding and desire to move a state forward in a bi-partisan way. “Our people need us to give them leadership. They need us to give them good governance. They want to have better life and particularly in Abia state, you have a lot of business people. They would like to see their businesses grow and do well. “Once the leaders are united, it makes it much easier for the followership to remain united and supportive so that reaching the promise land can be quite easy,” Lawan said. The leader of the delegation, Senator Chris Adighije said the visit was to appreciate the Senate and it’s leadership for their concerns for the former Governor. “We want to thank the Senate. It’s something that the entire Abia State and Indeed the South East appreciate very much,” Ndighije said. •Orji Kalu ABUJA - The seat of the embattled Senator, Orji Uzor Kalu, representing Abia North, has been declared intact by the Senate. Kalu, who is the Chief Whip of the Senate, was sentenced to 12-year imprisonment for corruption. The former governor of Abia State, according to the Senate Spokesperson,… December 9, 2019 In "News" A group of youths on Tuesday, besieged the National Assembly to protest the continued absence of their Senator, Orji Uzor Kalu, from the nation’s parliament. They urged the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, to declare his seat vacant. Kalu, a former governor of Abia State, and others were in… June 2, 2020 In "News" By Steve Oko •Orji Kalu The people of Abia-north senatorial district may opt for the invocation of the ‘Doctrine of Necessity’ to seek the removal and replacement of their senator, Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu who is currently in prison. Kalu was last week sentenced to 12 years in prison following… December 10, 2019 In "News"