 LAGOS  – Lagos-based book publishing house, Narrative Landscape Press has announced the release of the latest work by Niran Adedokun, titled, The Danfo Driver in All of Us, a collection of his commentary and opinion pieces published in national newspapers and prestigious magazines in the last eight years. In a statement made available to Sundiata Post on Thursday, the publishing company said; “Since 2012, when his first article was published in The PUNCH newspaper, he has continued to write about mainstream social, political, and religious issues with humour, passion and insightful perspective that connects with the public and gets national attention. According to the author: ‘Even though I practised as a journalist for over a decade…. I never imagined that I would write commentaries about anything and gain attention for doing it.'” It further said the collection attempts to “deconstruct Nigeria and the people that inhabit it – the proclivities that set us back, the opportunities that go to waste, the potential that we never realise and the future for which we fail to prepare.” Dapo Olorunyomi, Publisher/CEO, Premium Times newspaper, has described this collection as “…keen insight in depicting the Nigerian condition. Only few books, using the genre of commentary journalism in recent times have come this close to this convincing testimony.” Praise from Other Critics …It offers simple but imaginative recipes to save ourselves and country from the looming scourge of “two for a kobo” emotional and physical death. It is certainly worth reading.”—Layi Babatunde, SAN, Editor-in-Chief, Supreme Court Reports …prose is compelling, and it will amuse the reader. By the time you get off this danfo ride … you can’t help laughing most of the time. — Azu Ishiekwene, MD/Editor-In-Chief, The Interview …This is a book you will discover and rediscover yourself no matter who you are. — Victor Ehikhamenor, Founder/Artist Director, Angel and Muse Niran Adedokun is a public relations practitioner, lawyer and writer.  Adedokun is also a columnist with The PUNCH and Thecable.ng newspapers, and publisher of www.eelive.ng. His first book Ladies Calling the Shots, a profile of seventeen top female film and television directors in Nigeria, was published in 2017. The Danfo Driver in All of Us and Other Essays is his second book. LAGOS (Sundiata Post) - Entertainment reporting in Nigeria is set for a redefinition from Wednesday, February 20, 2019, with the entrance of eelive.ng, an all-entertainment online platform. Spearheaded by Niran Adedokun, an award-winning former entertainment reporter for Saturday PUNCH, eelive.ng is positioned to bring back top-notch entertainment reportage. A statement… February 18, 2019 In "Entertainment" Niran Adedokun “…In keeping silent about evil, in burying it so deep within us that no sign of it appears on the surface, we are implanting it, and it will rise up a thousand fold in the future. When we neither punish nor reproach evildoers, we are not simply protecting… May 9, 2014 In "Opinion" Eniola Akinkuotu, Abuja Alleged international fraudster, Ramon Abbas aka Ray Hushpuppi, once said his dream was to own two commercial motorcycles otherwise known as okada and a commercial bus popularly called danfo. He said this during a live Instagram video with social media influencer, Abisoye Michael, aka Oyemyke in 2018.… July 6, 2020 In "News"