The Chairman of the Cross River State chapter of the Nigeria Labour Congress, Benedict Ukpepi, has ordered striking civil servants to remain at home in defiance of the ‘No work, no pay’ directive of the state government. Ukpepi defied the order on Wednesday and said, “Cross River workers should continue staying at home” until the contentious issues were resolved. The strike called by the NLC over issues bordering on the welfare of workers entered its third day on Wednesday. The Permanent Secretary in the office of the Head of Service, Emmanuel Eke, had announced in a circular on Tuesday that the Head of Service had directed all public servants not to join the strike, saying it was illegal and ill-timed. The circular stated, “Workers are reminded that the labour unions responsible for the affairs of the State Civil/Public Servants, Joint Public Service Negotiating Council (JPSNC) and Trade Union Congress (TUC) have dissociated themselves from the industrial action. “The state government has implemented the new minimum wage and has commenced phased implementation of other agreements reached with labour, even amid the COVID-19 pandemic with the attendant economic challenges.” In the circular, workers were also told that the ‘no work, no pay’ policy was still in force and warned that any worker who failed to report for duty would not be paid. It added that a team led by the Head of Service would visit all ministries, departments, and agencies (MDAs) and workers who did not report for work would be punished in line with the provisions of the Public Service Rule. There have been calls for the NLC and the Trade Union Congress, which pulled out of the strike, to meet and resolve their differences in the interest of workers. (Punch) By George Odok Calabar  -  The Cross River Government has appealed to civil servants in the state to suspend the ongoing strike, having met all the demands of the workers. Speaking with newsmen on Thursday in Calabar, the Secretary to the State Government, Mrs Tina Agbor, urged the striking workers… June 23, 2017 In "News" By Sunday John Lafia  -    Nasarawa government has directed that only civil servants who defiled the ongoing strike should be paid their June salaries. A statement signed by Mr Thomas Ogiri, State Head of Civil Service, on Wednesday in Lafia, said the position was in line with the labour… June 21, 2017 In "News" Abuja - The Cross River chapter of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), on Wednesday called out workers for an indefinite strike over the increase in price of petrol from N86.50 to N145 by the Federal Government. Mr John Ushie, Chairman of NLC in the state, told News Agency of Nigeria… May 18, 2016 In "News"