29-year-old Jenalisha Lawrence is on the run after shooting her boyfriend, because he refused to argue with her. The police are actively searching for her and asked for help from anyone with helpful info, after she shot the 34-year-old man, then left him in critical condition on the sidewalk all alone. Jenalisha Lawrence drove off and may have fled to the Dallas, Texas area where she is from. A warrant has been issued for her arrest, after she was charged with attempted second-degree murder, her bond has also been set to $150,000. The shooting unfolded around 7.30 am in the 1400 block of Grigsby Street, in the Caddo Heights neighborhood of Shreveport. Officers with the Shreveport Police Department said they were called to the home about reports of a shooting and when they arrived they found a 34-year-old man on the sidewalk suffering a gunshot wound to the body. He was taken to Ochsner LSU Health Shreveport with life-threatening injuries and he is still listed as in critical condition, according to KXAN. Investigators arrived to the scene and following interviews with witnesses said Lawrence shot the victim following an interaction in which the man refused to argue with her. She fled the scene in a green Honda Accord with a primer on the left passenger’s side front door. By Egbo Grace, Abakaliki  ABAKALIKI - The Ebonyi State police command has confirmed the death of a 29-year-old mother of four, Mrs Chinasa Odah, from Inikiri Effium, Ohaukwu local government area of Ebonyi State, who administered drug for abortion giving to her by his suspected boyfriend, one Mgbada. According to… August 30, 2019 In "Metro" Minneapolis  - A Minneapolis area police officer fatally shot a black man during a traffic stop, local law enforcement said on Thursday. The death of the man identified by his family as Philando Castile, 32, came hours after the U.S. Justice Department said it had opened an investigation into Tuesday's… July 7, 2016 In "Foreign" A 20-year-old woman in Anambra State on Thursday attempted to kill herself after discovering that her boyfriend is a married man. The identity of the woman has been given as Oluchi Akabilo from Obosi in the Idemili North Local Government Area of the state, allegedly took a liquid substance suspected… March 20, 2020 In "News"