Doha –  Al-Sadd coach Xavi Hernandez, the former FC Barcelona and Spain midfielder, said on Saturday he had tested positive for COVID-19 but was asymptomatic. Xavi, who renewed his contract with the Qatari club on July 5, said he would go on to self-isolate as his team prepare for their first match on Saturday. The Qatar Stars League (QSL) would be restarting after it was suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. “Today I won’t be able to join my team on their comeback to the official competition,” Xavi said in a statement. “David Prats, coach to the Al-Sadd reserves, will be there on my behalf as head of the technical staff. “A few days ago, following the QSL protocol, I tested positive in the last COVID-19 test. Fortunately, I’m feeling OK. But I will be isolated until I am given the all-clear. “When the health services allow it, I will be very eager to return to my daily routine and to work.” The QSL resumed on Friday after being suspended since March due to the new coronavirus pandemic. Al-Sadd, who are third in the table, play Al-Khor on Saturday with five rounds remaining.(Reuters/NAN) Barcelona midfielder, Xavi says he would relish the chance to follow the example of Pep Guardiola and coach the club one day. Xavi replaced Guardiola on the pitch as the midfield playmaker having been promoted to the first team by then coach Louis van Gaal and now with his playing… December 17, 2014 In "Sports" Some private hospitals, which shut down operations after some of their staff members became exposed to coronavirus patients, have given details of how carriers of the deadly virus came to their facilities. Findings by SUNDAY PUNCH revealed that the affected hospitals had suspended operations to decontaminate their facilities and adhere… April 26, 2020 In "Health" Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, his wife, Mrs Nkechi Ikpeazu, their children and all members of Abia’s first family have tested negative to COVID -19, following the release of results of their samples taken on Saturday, 30th May, 2020. This comes after two aides of the governor tested positive… June 3, 2020 In "Politics"