Donald Trump cheated on his SATs, once referred to his niece’s breasts as being “stacked” and didn’t visit his dying brother at the hospital, according to excerpts from Mary Trump’s upcoming tell-all book that were reported upon on Tuesday. Mary Trump, the president’s niece, is scheduled to release “Too Much and Never Enough: How My Family Created the World’s Most Dangerous Man” next Tuesday. According to promotional material from her publisher, Simon & Schuster, Mary Trump’s “explosive” book will show how the president “acquired twisted behaviors and values” like, “Financial worth is the same as self-worth; humans are only valued in monetary terms,” “a ‘killer’ instinct is revered, while qualities like empathy, kindness, and expertise are punished,” “taking responsibility for your failures is discouraged” and “cheating as a way of life.” According to the New York Times, which reviewed a manuscript of Mary Trump’s book, Donald Trump paid someone to take the SATs for him, and the “high score” helped him get into the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton business school. The Times also reported that Mary Trump recalls how no one went with Fred Trump Jr., Donald’s eldest brother who died from a heart attack, to the hospital on the night of his death; instead, Donald Trump went to the movies. The Daily Beast, which obtained a copy of the book, reported that Mary Trump recounts an incident when Donald Trump commented on her breasts when she was wearing a bathing suit and shorts during a trip to Mar-a-Lago when she was 29. “Holy Mary. You’re stacked,” Donald Trump said to Mary Trump, according to the Daily Beast. The book also shares conversations that Mary Trump said she had with Maryanne Trump Barry, in which Donald Trump’s sister called him a “clown” and pushed back after white evangelicals started endorsing him for president. “The only time Donald went to church was when the cameras were there. It’s mind boggling. He has no principles. None!” Mary Trump recalls Maryanne saying, according to the Daily Beast. (Text, excluding headline, courtesy The Wrap via Yahoo) Source •US President Donald Trump In a recent article in The Atlantic also widely used elsewhere, American journalist, Anne Applebaum, described the pathetic meltdown of US President Donald Trump, especially since the outbreak of the global health crisis, COVID-19. According to the journalist, not only has Trump become the butt of jokes in… May 14, 2020 In "Opinion" Washington: US President Donald Trump's net worth dropped by $100 million in the past year, putting it at the lowest level since his presidential campaign in 2015, when Bloomberg began tracking his wealth, Bloomberg informed on Thursday.   Bloomberg's Billionaire's Index estimated that Trump's net worth is now $2.8 billion, or… June 1, 2018 In "Foreign" WASHINGTON  - President Donald Trump's eldest son eagerly agreed last year to meet a woman he was told was a Russian government lawyer who might have damaging information about Democratic White House rival Hillary Clinton as part of Moscow's official support for his father, according to emails released on Tuesday.… July 12, 2017 In "Foreign"