By Joyce Remi- Babayeju ABUJA (SundiataPost) – Nigeria has again recorded another medical feat as a set of conjoined twins 15 months old Hasseina and Husseina Ukpo separated by a team of 55 medical doctors at the Keffi Medical Centre were discharged on Tuesday in Abuja. The set of beautiful baby girls born to 75-year-old Mr. Ukpo Okaaa and his 23-year-old wife, Tasella, were successfully separated on the 10 July 2020 by a team of medical doctors led by Dr. Tso Charles at the Keffi Medical Centre, Nassarawa State. Minister of State for Health, Dr. Olorunnimbe Mamora said, “Today marks a milestone event that took place at one of our Federal Medical Centres under the Federal Ministry of Health a few weeks back. He said, “Separation of conjoined twins was a phenomenon that we were used to hearing take place in medical practice of the first world but here we are today also announcing an operation carried out by one hundred percent Indigenous Medical Team leading to the separation of Omphalopagus conjoined twins name Hassana and Husseina Ukpo.” According to the minister, the conjoined twins were born about fifteen months ago in a Health Facility in Nasarawa State and referred to the Federal Medical Centre, Keffi. After extensive clinical and detailed investigations, the twins were adjudged to be joined at the abdomen and rib cage, they shared a common liver, subcutaneous tissue and skin with fixed xiphisternum and cartilages of the 10th and 11th ribs. On the 10 July, after a nine-hour surgery, they were successfully separated with no intra operative complications. They are being managed in the intensive care unit and the post-operative events and outcome have been most satisfactory. As at today the twins are hale and hearty and playing around at the Federal Medical Centre, Keffi and are with us here Friday. The Director of Public Health, Federal Ministry of Health, Dr Adebimpe Adebiyi in her speech to commend the medical feat, said that N35 million was used for the conjoined separation by doctors within the country. The ministry commended the efforts of Medical Director, Keffi Medical Centre, Dr. Yahaya Baba Adanu at coordinating the medical team and promised that the Federal Government has recognised Keffi Medical Centre as a specialised medical centre in the country. By Franca Ofili Abuja - The National Hospital Abuja on Thursday discharged the conjoined twin girls who were successfully separated after several surgeries. The Chief Medical Director of the Hospital, Dr Jaf Mommoh, said  in Abuja that the twins were conjoined at the chest and abdomen. News Agency of Nigeria… January 9, 2020 In "Health" In a medical field fraught with challenges, a team of 78 Nigerian doctors successfully separated conjoined twins, Goodness and Mercy, who were joined in the chest and abdomen. Our reporter chronicles how the operation was undertaken, 15 months after the children were born They are named Goodness and Mercy, like… March 7, 2020 In "Metro" By Justina Auta Abuja - The National Hospital Abuja, on Tuesday announced the successful separation of conjoined twin girls, after several surgeries. The Chief Medical Director of the Hospital, Dr Jaf Mommoh, while addressing newsmen in Abuja, said the twins were conjoined at the chest and abdomen. Mommoh said the… January 7, 2020 In "News"