A 20-year-old girl, Sherifat Suleiman, has committed suicide in Ikorodu area of Lagos after series of molestations by her step-brother. Vanguard reported that the tragic incident occurred at about 4 p.m., on Sunday, in Isawo area. The deceased and her brother, who lived in a two-room apartment on Road 8, off 2nd Avenue, Olorunsogo, Yewa, Isawo, were said to always be at loggerheads. Sherifat, who was preparing for the West African Senior School Certificate Examination, WASSCE, started living with the brother after the death of their father. On the day of the incident, it was learned that she bought and ingested a poisonous substance. When she started writhing in pains, a little girl raised the alarm. Neighbours responded, but found Sherifat lying on the floor, with whitish discharges from her mouth. She died on the way to the hospital. Her step-brother, crying, was said to have wrapped the body up and headed for their home town in Ijebu area of Ogun State for burial. Residents said the girl decided to commit suicide when she could no longer withstand the physical and psychological assault by her brother. They said on examining the body, they noticed bruises on her legs and laps. But a senior police officer, who pleaded anonymity, said investigations are on. Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, Elkanah Bala, did not respond to his call when he was contacted on phone. Source A teen girl told a teacher that she got pregnant twice after having sex with her father, uncle and brother, police in India said. West Bengal State Police said that they have arrested the father, uncle and brother of the 16-year-old girl on charges of raping her repeatedly over a… April 26, 2015 In "News" By Deborah Akpede Ikeja - Two men- Olabisi Olaniawo, 35, and Busayo Adeshope, 27, who allegedly defiled a 13-year-old girl were on Tuesday in Lagos remanded at Kirikiri Prisons by an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court. When the case was mentioned, the Magistrate, Mrs B.O Osunsanmi, did not take the pleas of… June 18, 2019 In "Metro" Security operatives are on the trail of a man who impregnated his 13-year-old daughter in Abia.   A father has been barnished from his community after he r*ped and impregnated his 13-year-old daughter who was born out of incest with his cousin many years ago. The father, Ugochukwu Nwonwu, a native of… August 17, 2019 In "Metro"