Data from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) shows that more than 370 Nigerians were ordered to leave the United States this year, after being found guilty of breaking immigration laws and other crimes, PREMIUM TIMES reports. Data obtained from the ICE and compiled in a June report by a global tracking website on government policy, TRAC, says 376 Nigerians, who mainly resided in Texas, New Jersey, California, New York and others, were served court orders to leave the U.S. between January and June, having been convicted of immigration and criminal charges. TRAC is a U.S.-based tracking website that keeps databases of immigration, FBI cases and firearms data for public access. The data referenced in this story was obtained by TRAC and sourced directly from the ICE through FOI requests. This comes even as the scramble to flatten the spread of COVID-19 continues with the Trump administration’s aggressive immigration policy on immigrants. By Harrison Arubu New York - The U.S. Government says foreign students will not be allowed to remain in the country if their institutions move classes fully online. In a statement on Monday, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said affected students would face “immigration consequences”, including deportation, if… July 7, 2020 In "Foreign" •Photo by USAToday shows the building used as the fake Farmington University campus by the Federal Government, as seen on February 7, 2019, in Farmington Hills, Michigan. By Niraj Warikoo  About 90 additional foreign students at a fake university in metro Detroit created by the Department of Homeland Security have… November 28, 2019 In "Foreign" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) says no fewer than 150 Nigerians were disallowed from travelling out of the country in the last four months in the fight against human trafficking. Mr Abdullahi Usman, the Comptroller in charge of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos,… December 5, 2019 In "Metro"