President Muhammadu Buhari has given Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, the go-ahead with the plan to recruit 774, 000 under the Special Public Works Progamme (SPW). Keyamo confirmed the development to The Nation on Wednesday in Abuja. The Minister said he has the instructions of President Buhari to proceed unhindered, thereby ignoring the leadership of the National Assembly which asked the Minister to stop the programme. “I have the instructions of my boss, Mr. President, to proceed unhindered,” Keyamo said in a text. The Minister and lawmakers had been at loggerheads over the implementation of the programme. The lawmakers had said the Minister did not seek their inputs before putting together members of the 20-man States selection committees inaugurated in June. They accused the Minister of trying to hijack the scheme from the National Directorate of Employment (NDE), the implementing agency of the project. But Keyamo, who appeared before members of the National Assembly Joint Committee on Labour, on June 30, accused the lawmakers of seeking to control the implementation of the programme. After engaging in a shouting march with members of the NASS Joint Committee, Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, called for the suspension of the programme. However, Keyamo told our reporter on Wednesday that the states selection committees are proceeding already with the programme as planned, following the new directive from Buhari. He said: “I have instructions from Mr. President to proceed. The states selection committees are proceeding already with the programme. Nothing stopped them before. “National Directorate of Employment (NDE) are part of the programme. The state coordinators of the NDE throughout the country are the secretaries of those committees. “We will work hard to meet the timeline but if there is any need for a change we will inform Mr. President.” The Special Public Works Programme is designed to employ 1,000 persons from each of the 774 Local Government Areas of the country. The programme is expected to gulp N52billion meant for the payment of the participants at N20,000 per month for three months. The exercise is expected to commence in October. The 20-man selection Committee for the programme is being chaired by the Director General of the National Directorate of Employment (NDE), Nasir Ladan Argungu and supervised by Kayamo. The Nation Abuja (Sundiata Post) - It was a show of shame on Tuesday as members of the National Assembly Joint Committee on Employment, Labour and Productivity engaged the Minister of State for Labour, Productivity and Employment, Mr. Festus Keyamo (SAN), in a 30-minute shouting match over the proposed employment of 774,000… July 1, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Senator Ifeanyi Ubah has described the hot exchange of words between the Minister of state for Labour and Employment, Mr.Festus Keyamo with lawmakers at the National Assembly on Tuesday as display of rascality by the Junior minister. The senator who addressed the press… July 1, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Senate and the House of Representatives yesterday urged President Muhammadu Buhari to suspend the implementation of the plan to recruit 774,000 Nigerians for Special Public Works across the country, The Nation reports. The position of both chambers of the National Assembly followed a sharp disagreement between the National Assembly… July 1, 2020 In "News"