 Washington  – American rapper Kanye West, a vocal supporter of U.S. President Donald Trump, announced on Saturday that he would run for president in 2020 in an apparent challenge to Trump and his presumptive Democratic rival, former Vice President Joe Biden. “We must now realise the promise of America by trusting God, unifying our vision and building our future. “I am running for president of the United States,” West wrote in a Twitter post, adding an American flag emoji and the hashtag “#2020VISION”. It was not immediately clear if West was serious about vying for the presidency four months before the Nov. 3 election or if he had filed any official paperwork to appear on state election ballots. The deadline to add independent candidates to the ballot has not yet passed in many states. West and his equally famous wife Kim Kardashian West have visited Trump in the White House. At one meeting in October 2018, West delivered a rambling, profanity-laden speech in which he discussed alternative universes and his diagnosis of bipolar disorder, which he said was actually sleep deprivation. Elon Musk, the chief executive of electric-car maker Tesla and another celebrity known for eccentric outbursts, endorsed West’s Twitter post: “You have my full support!” he wrote. (Reuters /NAN) •Kanye West WASHINGTON - American rapper Kanye West, a vocal supporter of U.S. President Donald Trump, announced on Saturday that he would run for president in 2020 in an apparent challenge to Trump and his presumptive Democratic rival, former Vice President Joe Biden. “We must now realise the promise of… July 5, 2020 In "Foreign" President of the United States, Donald Trump has reacted to popular rapper,Kanye West's presidential bid, stating his declaration as "very interesting". Responding to West's claim that he would run against him in the 2020 presidential election, Trump told reporters "He may," during his interview with RealClearPolitics at the White House… July 8, 2020 In "Foreign" Kanye West has accused the Democratic Party of brainwashing blacks and promoting policies that are harmful to the race. The 42-year-old rapper who disclosed this in an nterview with radio host Big Boy while promoting his new Christian-themed album 'Jesus Is King', added that he doesn't think it's smart for… October 29, 2019 In "Foreign"