By Yakubu Uba Maiduguri  –    Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno has reiterated the commitment of his administration to get rid of all unqualified teachers in primary schools. Zulum gave the assurance in Maiduguri on Thursday while speaking with members of the Teachers’ Verification Committee at the headquarters of the State Universal Basic Education Board. The governor said his administration would tolerate only qualified teachers in primary schools to ensure pupils get the needed foundation to go to secondary school. “We will give greater priority to the kind of teachers we have in our primary schools because if the foundation is weak there is no way the secondary and tertiary education in the state will be sound. “The quality of pupils in the primary schools determine our output in secondary schools. “The major reason our students in secondary schools cannot obtain required credits is because they don’t have the requisite training at the primary school level. “This administration will give all the necessary support to you (screening committee) to be able to discharge your assignment and we will examine your report at the end of the exercise to ensure that the right thing is done,” he  said. He also assured many of the teachers that turned up for the screening of improved teaching and learning atmosphere, as well as teachers’ welfare by his administration. “By the grace of God, we will provide accommodation for teachers, loans and improve the welfare of our teachers but to do that we have to get the system right. Our teachers should be qualified and genuine,” Zulum said. The governor who earlier assessed ongoing rehabilitation works in some primary schools in Maiduguri, unveiled plans to recruit 1,000 teachers and remodel 76 primary schools in the metropolis to meet standards. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that some of the primary schools under rehabilitation visited by the governor include Goni Damgari Primary School, Maimalari Barracks Primary School, and Mustapha Umar Elkanemi Integrated Qur’anic Model Primary School. (NAN) By: Hamza Suleiman Maiduguri - Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno on Wednesday recommended the suspention of 42 primary school teachers for allegedly “absconding” from thier duty posts for two years in Gamborun Ngala local government area in the state. Umara made this known during the democracy day celebration at the… June 12, 2019 In "News" By Philip Yatai   Kaduna     -     The Kaduna state government is to pay all outstanding salaries of the newly recruited primary school teachers in the state by end of September. Malam Ja’afaru Sani, Kaduna State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology made this known on Friday in Kaduna at a… September 21, 2018 In "News" The Governor of Borno State, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum has donated a cash reward and offered an accelerated promotion to Mrs Obiagelli Mazi who had served as a dedicated teacher in the state for more than 30 years. Governor Zulum during an outing at 6:30 am on Friday to assess… February 8, 2020 In "News"