The representative of the Chief of Army Staff, Commander Garrison, 1 Division Nigerian Army Kaduna, Brig.-Gen Olusegun Abai giving out palliative to a beneficiary on Saturday in Kaduna By Mohammed Tijjani Kankomi (Kaduna) –  The Nigerian Army has distributed food items and fertiliser to 1,000 households in two communities in Kaduna State, to mark the 2020 Army Day Celebration.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the items were distributed at Rigachikun and Kankomi communities in Igabi and Chikun Local Government Areas of the state, respectively.In his message to the event, Chief of Army Staff, Lt.- Gen Tukur Buratai, said that the gesture was to ameliorate the hardship being faced by less privileged people with a view to enhancing civil-military relations for effective service delivery. Buratai was represented by Garrison Commander, 1 Division Nigerian Army, Brig. Gen Olusegun Abai.“The Army has the responsibility of reaching out to the populace, to whom it provides security, and one of such ways is the distribution of items to the less privileged people in the society,” he said.Buratai stressed that the Army would continue to discharge its constitutional responsibilities in securing the territorial integrity of Nigeria and assisting civil authority in providing internal security.He called on the civil populace to support security agencies with useful information that would help to degrade criminals and ensure peace and stability in the country. Receiving the items on behalf of the beneficiaries, the District Head of Rigachikun, Alhaji Abdulrasheed Sani expressed gratitude to the Army for the gesture.He said that the items would greatly assist the beneficiaries to overcome some of their challenges.In Kankomi, some of the beneficiaries told NAN that the presence of troops in the locality had greatly improved the security situation in the area and boosted farming activities. They also expressed delight to the Army for reaching out to them in their hours of need.NAN reports that this year’s Army Day Celebration is holding in Katsina State and has as its theme: Nigeria’s Territorial Defence And Sovereignty: Imperatives for Nigerian Army sustained Training And Operations. (NAN) The Nigerian Army has just released the postings and appointments of the senior officers recently promoted. The posting, which was approved by the Chief of Army Staff Lt Gen T.Y Buratai, is a routine exercise carried out to reinvigorate the system for greater professional effectiveness/efficiency. In a statement by Colonel… December 16, 2019 In "Top Stories" The Nigerian Army on Tuesday effected a shake-up, releasing the postings and appointments of some affected senior officers. “The posting which was approved by the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Lt Gen TY Buratai is a routine/normal exercise intended to reinvigorate the system for greater professional effectiveness and efficiency,” Acting… March 31, 2020 In "News" By Johnson Eyiangho/Frank Shedrack Elebele (Bayelsa) - The Bayelsa Deputy Governor, retired Rear Admiral John Jonah has urged Nigerians not to blame the army for its involvement in the 2019 general elections. Jonah said this on Saturday at Elebele in Yenogoa during the inauguration of some projects in the 16… March 17, 2019 In "News"