By Kingsley Okoye Abuja –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has described as a painful loss the death of Malam Isma’ila Isa Funtua on July 20. Lawan in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Ola Awoniyi on Tuesday expressed his heartfelt condolences to family of the late business mogul, community leader, social and political activist and nationalist. “The news of the death of Malam Isa Funtua left me with profound sadness. “He was a man who touched many lives and impacted the development of Nigeria with his foresight, industry, enterprise, boundless enthusiasm, magnetism, friendliness and accommodating spirit. “Malam Isa Funtua made friends across tribe, religion, generation and class in Nigeria, and touched many lives in public service as well as in his private life,” Lawan said. He described the departed as a man of many parts who brought to bear his great intelligence, energy and integrity on everything thing that he did. Lawan said the late Malam Isa Funtua was a pioneer and trail blazer who established an authoritative national newspaper and a giant construction company through both of which he has left indelible footprints on the physical and sociology-political landscapes of Nigeria. “Even in death, Malam Isa Funtua’s presence will continue to be felt for a long time by Nigerians,” Lawan said. The Senate President commiserated with the Government and People of Katsina State over the loss. Lawan also particularly condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari who has lost a close friend, trusted ally and in-law. Lawan prayed Allah to comfort the loved ones that Isa Funtua left behind, forgive his sins and accept his soul in Aljannat Firdaus. (NAN) By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governors Forum has described the death of Mallam Isma’ila Isa Funtua, a life patron of the International Press Institute and the Newspaper Proprietors Association of Nigeria, as painful. The Chairman of the forum and governor of Plateau, Simon Lalong, in a condolence message… July 21, 2020 In "Politics" President Muhammadu Buhari has mourned the death of one of his closest ally, Ismaila Isa Funtua. Buhari said his death has created a huge gap. Funtua died at an Abuja hospital on Monday night, July 20 after suffering a massive heart attack. In a statement released by his media aide,… July 21, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan said that the National Assembly will continue to work with President Muhammadu Buhari to find lasting solutions to the current insecurity in the country. Lawan said this during a Constituency Empowerment programme in Malumfashi, Katsina State, according to a statement… February 16, 2020 In "News"