By Ikenna Uwadileke  Abuja  –  The Chief Whip of the Senate, Dr Orji Kalu, has expressed sadness over the demise of elder statesman and Afenifere Leader, Pa Ayo Fasanmi. In a condolence message from the office of the Chief Whip, Kalu commiserated with people and government of Ekiti, family members, friends and associates of the late senator. Acknowledging the contributions of the late politician to nation building, Kalu stressed that the deceased dedicated his life to the service of humanity. While urging the Fasanmi family to uphold the worthy legacies of their late patriarch, Kalu noted that the political ideals and democratic values of late Pa Fasanmi would continue to speak for him. “The demise of Pa Ayo Fasanmi, a devoted Awoist and senator in the Second Republic is a big loss to the nation. “The deceased was a selfless statesman whose philosophy was anchored on good governance and credible leadership. “The late Pa Fasanmi played prominent roles in the social, economic and political development of Nigeria. “The deceased was known for his patriotic and unbiased contributions to national discourse. “The late politician will be remembered for his good deeds,’’ Kalu said. The former governor prayed God to repose the soul of Pa Fasanmi and urged the deceased’s family to take solace in the fact that their late Patriarch lived a purposeful life. (NAN) By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - The South West Governors’ Forum, has described late Afenifere leader, Sen. Ayo Fasanmi, as a patriot whose positive exploits would not be forgotten in a hurry. The Chairman of the forum, Gov. Ouwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, expressed the feeling in a statement issued by… July 30, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has sent his condolences to the family, friends and political associates of Pa Ayorinde Fasanmi, the leader of Yoruba socio-cultural and political association who died on Wednesday at the age of 94 years. Lawan also commiserated with… July 30, 2020 In "Top Stories" Ado-Ekiti - The Leaders and members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in the South West on Thursday described the death of Senator Ayo Fasanmi, as a huge loss to the Progressives family in Nigeria. The South West Zonal Publicity Secretary of APC, Chief Karounwi Oladapo said this in statement… July 30, 2020 In "Politics"