Popular philanthropist Olakunle Churchill has reacted to his estranged wife actress Tonto Dikeh seeking forgiveness from him even though he doesn’t deserve it. The actress who spoke in an Instagram live chat with Ovation Magazine boss, Dele Momodu, stated that she decided to forgive him just because of her own growth. She said: “Yes, what I said is what I said. I forgive every single person who tried to hurt me(Knowingly and Unknowingly). “I deserve all the good things of life so yes I do accept the gift of forgiveness. “Yes you may not deserve or asked for my forgiveness but I’m giving it anyways not for your sake but for my own growth. “Because I love myself so much, I am giving myself a chance to also be forgiven by my Heavenly Father!! “Ooo No, I ain’t asking for forgiveness in return, never will. I am doing the right thing just for me, period! “Although my forgiveness doesn’t mean I am stupid, not all forgiveness needs reconnections.” Hours later, Olakunle Churchill took to Instagram with the post saying: “If we are not talking, count me out. #churchillsdayoffwork #mondayenergy.” Hours after controversial actress, Tonto Dikeh revealed that she has forgiven her ex-husband and the father of her son, Olakunle Churchill, she has pointed out that she isn't asking for forgiveness in return. In a post she shared on her Instagram page this morning, the mum of one wrote; ''YES,… July 27, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, Tonto Dike’s 56-year-old nanny, has come out with some revelations on what transpired in the crashed marriage of the actress and her estranged husband, Olakunle Churchill. The nanny came out to deny some allegations the actress made against her which included that she was sacked for allegedly falling… May 17, 2017 In "Entertainment" A popular Islamic cleric, Hammed Ademola, has waded into the marital crisis between Tonto Dikeh and her estranged husband, Olakunle Churchill. Recall that Tonto was all over the news in the past weeks after claiming that her husband is a 40-seconds man. She also accused him of being diabolic and… May 22, 2019 In "News"