ABUJA – The remains of Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot, Tolulope Arotile, have been buried amidst tributes at the Military Cemetery in Abuja. She was accorded full military honours as the heirarchy of the Nigerian Military led by the Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olonisakin paid tributes. The remains were lowered into the grave at exactly 11.05 am. Arotile, who died on July 14 in Kaduna, was buried in strict compliance with COVID-19 guidelines, Nigerian Air Force spokesman, Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, said. She died from severe injuries following a road traffic accident at the NAF base in Kaduna, the Air Force has said. The driver that hit her was reportedly a former secondary school classmate who, in the process of reversing his car to give her a lift knocked down the deceased. President Muhammadu Buhari and other national leaders paid homage to the young military star after her demise and the Air Force promised she would be buried with full military honours. Eight months before her death, she had been commissioned as Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot. (Channels TV) •The late Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile ABUJA - The Nigerian Air Force on Friday stated that it was investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of its Flying Officer, Tolulope Arotile, in a road accident, adding that two persons were being held. The NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Air… July 18, 2020 In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) says the remains of late Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, the Service’s first female combat helicopter pilot, who died on Tuesday, will be buried on July 23 at the National Military Cemetery in Abuja. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of… July 17, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - More details have emerged about the death of Nigeria’s first female combat pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, who died at the Nigerian Air Force Base in Kaduna State on Tuesday. The 24-year-old was said to have been hit by a car driven by a former classmate who wanted… July 15, 2020 In "News"