By Awayi Kuje Lafia –   Alhaji Ibrahim Abdullahi, Speaker, Nasarawa state House of Assembly, has expressed optimism that the All Progressives Congress ( APC) will win the Aug.8, Nasarawa Central House of Assembly bye-election in the state.Abdullahi said this when he received Mr Ismaeel Danbaba, the party’s candidate for the election, in Lafia on Wednesday.He said that the victory of the APC at the poll would further consolidate its position as the ruling party as well as ensure peace, progress and development in the state. “I must say that your victory at the just concluded APC primary election shows your general acceptability by your people.“Leadership is an act of God, it is not by power, strength, wealth or any kind of favour, but the will of God.” I want you to understand and appreciate what God has done for you and therefore, move to embrace all those that contested with you because we are all equal before the giver. “So, carry all of them along and God will see you through, it will be a victory all through by his grace,“Congratulations and don’t relent because it is not yet over until it is over,”the Speaker added.Abdullahi urged stakeholders and people of the constituency to support the APC candidate to enable him win the election without much hussle.Earlier, Danbaba, solicited the support of the speaker, stakeholders and other people of the constituency to enable him win the election.He pledged not to fail the people of the constituency, if elected.The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that INEC fixed Aug. 8 for the election following the death of Mr Suleiman Adamu, member representing Nasarawa Central at the state House of Assembly on April 30. (NAN) By Awayi Kuje Wakama (Nasarawa State) - Mr Godiya Akwashiki, the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Nasarawa North Senatorial district of Nasarawa State, has promised not to disappoint his constituents, if given the mandate on Feb. 16. Akwashiki, also the Deputy Speaker of the state House of Assembly, made… January 30, 2019 In "Politics" By Awayi KujeUmaisha (Nasarawa State) - Alhaji Ibrahim Abdullahi, the Speaker, Nasarawa State House of Assembly, has predicted victory for the All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship candidate, Alhaji Abdullahi Sule, in Saturday’s election.He made his prediction shortly after casting his vote at Galadima B polling unit in Umaisha, Toto Local… March 9, 2019 In "Politics" By Awayi Kuje Nasarawa Eggon (Nasarawa State) -   Mr Jacob Ajegana-Kudu, an All Progressives Congress (APC) aspirant for Nasarawa State House of Assembly, has withdrawn his membership of the party. Ajegana-Kudu sought to represent Nasarawa Eggon East constituency at the state legislature at recently concluded APC primaries. In a… November 4, 2018 In "Politics"