By Emmanuel Mogbede  Abuja  –  Alhaji Biola Lawal, the Acting Managing Director of News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), has attributed the negative criticism of government policies to lack of accurate information by many Nigerians. He said this on Friday in Abuja when Mr Olamilekan Adegbite, Minister of Mines and Steel Development, featured on the agency`s news forum. The minister was at the forum to advise Nigerians on the need to utilise NAN’s various platforms to get accurate information on government policies and activities. He also used the occasion to highlight the ministry’s achievements and plans to ensure that the mining sector contributed significantly to the country`s Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Lawal noted that people criticise government negatively when they do not have accurate information on its programmes and policies. “It is not enough to say people are negatively criticising government when we are not dishing out accurate information on its programmes and policies. He reiterated the need for government ministries and agencies especially to take advantage of NAN various news platforms to keep Nigerians abreast of their activities. He added that the agency had various platforms which it transmits news materials to its clients within and outside the country, adding that its reach was unbeatable. Lawal, explained that the agency is known for its publishing accurate information to the public always through its media clients both within and outside the country. “There is need for agencies and ministries to use NAN as a platform to sensitise Nigerians about their achievements and plans, not only on Federal Governments programmes and policies, but to reinforce peoples confidence in our democratic system. “NAN platform is a channel that is viable, trustworthy and accurate, when you talk to us, you are practically talking to all media organisations that are hooked to our platforms through subscription in Nigeria and even globally. “We have so many platforms through which we dish out news items these days to keep Nigerians abreast of developments and carry them along,“ Lawal said. The minister in his response commended the agency, saying the ministry was ready to collaborate with it to sensitise Nigerians on its activities. (NAN) Abuja - Minister of Information and Culture Lai Mohammed has appealed to leaders in the country not to exploit the economic situation to further destabilise Nigerians. Mohammed made the call at the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Forum in Abuja at the weekend. He also urged Nigerian leaders to be… December 6, 2015 In "News" Abuja  -   The Forum of Non-Governmental Organisations in Nigeria on Monday declared its support for the newly introduced deregulation policy and the new petrol price regime by the government. The forum made its position known when a delegation of members paid a fact-finding visit to the Minister of Information… May 16, 2016 In "News" Abuja  - The Federal Government says it has concluded plans to unveil the National Health Agenda and commission the National Health Gazette to boost the healthcare needs of Nigerians. Prof. Isaac Adewole, the Minister of Health, disclosed this while fielding questions from the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday… January 27, 2016 In "Health"