Nigerian actress and proud mom, Regina Daniels has opened up about the satisfaction and attainment marriage has brought her. In an interview with Saturday Beats, Daniels-Nwoko, spoke about marriage and her pregnancy experience, saying she didn’t face any challenges. “Before I got pregnant, people said pregnancy was hard; and the journey wasn’t easy. As a matter of fact, I heard so much. But I am still very young and it was more like living my normal life. I didn’t even have morning sickness and I didn’t face any challenges of any kind. It was pretty normal for me,” she said. Recalling her first impression when she met her husband, the actress said, “Being married to him (Ned Nwoko), I feel free. I can do whatever I want, dress however I like and live my life. He is always pushing me to be a better person. He brings me out there because he wants me to be more exposed. He wants me to see the world in a different way. As a matter of fact, there are so many things I just can’t start to explain. “The first impression I had when I met him, which I will keep saying is that he looked like a farmer. We actually went on a tour to his house in the village (Aniocha North Local Government Area, Delta State) and he was so polite and educative. He wants one to know about nature and the world in general. He wants one to experience different things, so he was always trying to educate us on that particular visit.” The Nation Young Nollywood star, Regina Daniels, is enjoying all the glitz associated with befriending billionaire businessman and politician Ned Nwoko. The last few days saw Regina making numerous public appearances with Nwoko. The secret marriage of the love birds is no longer looking like one of the tales from Nollywood, writes Ferdinand… June 5, 2019 In "Metro" Nollywood actress, Regina Daniels has shared great insight on how marriage has changed her and what she loves the most about her billionaire hubby, Ned Nwoko.  Regina Daniels in a recent interview said her initiation into the ”Anioma Women Cult Group” is more like being welcomed to womanhood.  Read excerpts… October 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" Senator-elect for Delta North Senatorial District, Prince Ned Nwoko married all of his six wives as virgins, Regina Daniels being the newest of his wives, Frontline News Online has been told. According to sources close to the former member of the House of Representatives, he places chastity high on his… May 21, 2019 In "Entertainment"