The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has lambasted President Muhammadu Buhari for hiking fuel price as Nigerians battle coronavirus pandemic that has killed many and caused serious hunger in the land. The party rejected the increase in price of petrol from N123 to N143.80 per liter, saying the Federal Government unsympathetic with Nigerian masses. In a statement on Thursday by the spokesman for the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party described the increase as a punishment to Nigerians given the prevailing economic hardship in the country. The party described the hike, despite the decline in the price of crude oil in the international market, as grossly unjustifiable and further exposes the insincerity of the administration. The PDP noted that in directing a fuel price increase at the time Nigerians are facing the economic and social trauma of the COVID-19 pandemic, the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration showed a total lack of human feelings to the plights of the citizenry. The statement said, “Our party challenges the APC-led Federal Government to present to Nigerians, the indices and parameters it used to determine the price increase, which obviously cannot be in tandem with the prevalent situation in the global industry. “The actions of the APC administration have continued to confirm that the party has never been pro-poor but only relishes in imposing hardship and heavy taxes on already impoverished Nigerians, while running an over-bloated government through which resources meant for the welfare of Nigerians are frittered by corrupt officials and the cabal in the Presidency. “Under the APC, Nigerians have been subjected to untold hardship, which is worsened by excruciating taxes, including a 7.5 percent Value Added Tax (VAT) on essential commodities and services, increased electricity tariff, obnoxious Stamp Duty and other levies on bank transactions. “It is shocking that the APC government has continued to impose more burdens that have made life unbearable for our citizens, many of whom have lost their means of livelihood due to the misrule of the APC. “Only yesterday, President Buhari told the world that the number of poor people will triple following the adverse impact of COVID-19 pandemic; yet his administration, which has turned our nation into the poverty capital of the world, instead of seeking ways to stimulate the economy, is worsening the situation with an increase in fuel price “What Nigerians expect of the Buhari Presidency at this critical time is to save resources by immediately cutting the size of its over-bloated government, recover the over N14 trillion oil money stolen under its watch and channel the funds towards the wellbeing of Nigerians”. The PDP charged the administration to immediately reverse the pump price of fuel to a price not exceeding N90 per liter, given the prevailing templates in the price of crude oil in the international market. Source The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has rejected the increase in price of petrol from N123 to N143.80 per liter, saying the Federal Government unsympathetic with Nigerian masses. In a statement on Thursday by the spokesman for the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, the party described the increase as a punishment to Nigerians… July 2, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has informed that its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubkar would reduce the cost of premium motor spirit (PMS), popularly known as petrol to between N87-N90 per litre. PDP while disclosing this on Thursday in statement signed by the spokesman, Kola… November 2, 2018 In "News" ABUJA - The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) says it has been vindicated by its claim that the Muhammadu Buhari regime is worst in Nigeria’s history following Bill Gates’ negative remark on the government’s economic policy. Sundiata Post reports that the government of President Buhari has continued to earn… March 23, 2018 In "Local News"