Dar Es Salaam  –  Thousands of Tanzanians gathered on Tuesday to say a final goodbye to the country’s third President Benjamin Mkapa at a state funeral in Dar es Salaam. In a national address for the funeral, Tanzanian President John Magufuli said Mkapa’s death was a loss for Tanzania, Africa and the world at large. “Mkapa was a global citizen. He was a dynamic leader, a seasoned diplomat, a mediator and a peacemaker,” Magufuli said in his address televised live by state-run Tanzania Broadcasting Corporation. He said Mkapa was instrumental when he took part in peace talks and reconciliation for countries in the Great Lakes region. The head of state added that during his administration, Mkapa also oversaw the country’s economic reforms, good governance and growth of the private sector. Mkapa, who died on Friday, will be buried on Wednesday in his native village of Lupaso in Masasi District in Mtwara Region. Born on Nov. 12, 1938, Mkapa served two five-year terms from 1995 to 2005 as the president. (Xinhua/NAN) Dar es Salaam - Former President of Tanzania Benjamin Mkapa has died, the presidency announced on Friday. “Mkapa, 81, died in hospital in the city of Dar es Salaam, where he was being treated for an illness,’’ incumbent President John Magufuli said in a statement without giving details. African Union… July 24, 2020 In "Foreign" Tanzania’s former president Benjamin Mkapa has died at the age of 81. President John Magufuli announced the death in the early hours of Friday. “With great sadness I am announcing the death of former President Benjamin William Mkapa, who died in a hospital in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam… July 24, 2020 In "News" Dar es Salaam - Tanzanian President John Magufuli on Monday inaugurated newly installed state-of-the-art civilian radar for controlling air traffic in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam. Magufuli, during the inauguration at Julius Nyerere International Airport said Tanzania’s airspace is now 100 per cent secure following the acquisition of four… September 16, 2019 In "Foreign"