Prices of data and telecommunication services are expected to crash by 40 percent following steps so far taken by the Federal Government to attract huge local and foeign investments, the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ibrahim Pantami has assured. According to the Minister, the government has addressed two critical challenges in the telecommunications industry, particularly Right of Way (RoW) Charges and infrastructural protection and development. Pantami made the remarks while declaring open a week-long training programme organised by the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) for ICT/Telecomm reporters in Abuja. He said improvement on infrastructure has pushed up broadband penetration from 30 percent to 40.18 within the past one year. The training programme, which began at the Public Service Institute of Nigeria, Kubwa, Abuja, had the theme “Digital skills in news reporting for ICT journalists” The Minister said the government is targeting 40 percent reduction in data prices and other telecommunication services between now and 2025. He asserted that it was part of the policy measures taken by the present administration to promote digital economy and improve the living standard of the citizenry. The Minister said the Federal Government would be putting emphasis on skill acquisition and development, rather than certificates and degrees, stressing by doing so millions of jobs would be created in all sectors of the economy. The Minister said the training for newsmen was part of government’s contribution towards upgrading the skills and knowledge of members of the Fourth Estate of the Realm as the new knowledge acquired during the programme would benefit the larger society. The Minister said the roles of journalist towards a knowlegde-based economy cannot be over emphasised, pointing out that while professionalism, fairness, and justice in reportage of news and events are critical, journalism remains the key to stable democracy and good governace. The Nation Pantami Says President Buhari to sign Executive Order on CNI ProtectionReiterates the goals of digital economy policyGives overview of the strategic pillarsOptimistic the 2020-2025 Broadband Plan will be ready in Q1 2020Advocates the validation of certificates with skillsUrges citizens to leverage emerging digital capacities to produce employers of labour The… January 7, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Pantami on Monday inaugurated a 25-member committee for the new five-year National Broadband Plan (NBP):2020-2025. The committee is to develop a new National Broadband Plan that will be the guiding template for the development… December 18, 2019 In "News" By Obike Ukoh Unarguably, the Federal Government changed the name of the Federal Ministry of Communications to Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy in order to be in tune with global trends and reality. The World Economic Forum (WEF), predicts that by 2022, 60 per cent of the world… June 10, 2020 In "Features"