BBNaija housemate, Dorathy Bachor has revealed that her father told her not to come back home after the Big Brother Naija show. She is currently one of the most talked about housemate of the ongoing show. Dorathy disclosed that her family warned her not to return back home after the show is over. She made this known during the Tuesday diary session with Big Brother, as she took the opportunity to disclose the shocking revelation when Big Brother asked her if she thinks she can win the grand prize. Dorathy Bachor explained that she hopes to win the grand prize because she needs the money so much because her family told her not to return back to the house after the show. Dorathy recently revealed she has a crush on former Kogi West Senator, Dino Melaye. This was made known by Kiddwaya during the Thursday night arena games. During the games, housemates were made to answer questions about each other, and Kiddwaya answered the question about Dorathy. In his question tag, Kiddwaya was asked to name the housemate whose celebrity crush is Dino Melaye. He pointed out Dora and the answer was correct as she wrote down Dino Melaye in her form earlier filled in the house. Biggie had earlier in the day distributed forms to the housemates to fill out personal traits, nicknames etc. Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Dorathy shocked viewers by revealing that controversial former senator, Dino Melaye is her celebrity crush. It was Kiddwaya who made the revelation about Dorathy's crush during Thursday night arena games. Biggie had asked housemates to answer questions about each other. While revealing that Dino is… July 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Edward Ojiah   Abuja   -     BBNaija “Double Wahala” housemate Anto has been evicted from the show. Anto became the eleventh housemate to be evicted and the first “individual” housemate to leave the Big Brother Naija themed show. Big Brother (Biggie)had dissolved the pairings therefore requiring the housemates… March 19, 2018 In "Entertainment" Twenty-one housemates, for a period of 99 days, will struggle to emerge as winner of the N60m grand prize.  Ex-Big Brother Naija, BBNaija, housemate, Tokunbo Idowu, popularly known as Tboss, has revealed who should be the winner of ‘Pepper Dem’ edition of the reality TV show.  Tboss, who was also… August 5, 2019 In "Entertainment"