By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja –  The FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on Saturday cautioned Abuja residents against driving during heavy downpour to avoid endangering their lives. Director-General of FEMA, Alhaji Abbas Idriss, gave the warning while reacting to flood incident that claimed the lives of some residents in Abuja recently. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that pandemonium broke out in Zuba, Gwagwalada Area Council of the FCT as early morning rain washed away many houses built on water ways and claimed some lives. The heavy downpour which started around 2a.m. on Saturday, submerged several houses, carried away cars, pulled down buildings and submerged soakaways leaving them open and completely damaged. The rain also cut the bridge leading to Ikwa, Yimi and other villages inside Zuba making motorists to seek alternative route to their destinations. The FEMA boss, therefore, warned residents who built on flood plain to desist, stressing that residents must respect the master plan of FCT. He also admonished people to ensure that all drainages are clean, revealing that what cause flood at “Giri-Gota was because people built on flood plain.” “People should be careful when it is raining. They should not drive on water and also they should not build on flood plain. “They must respect the master plan of FCT and ensure that all drainages are clean. What happened in Giri-Gota is because people built on flood plain. “There is a building collapse in Dawaki as a result of the flood. Gwagwalada is flooded from Giri. “A family of five are flooded at Giri, we got one body and still searching for four. “We rescued six people and are admitted in the hospital. The flood has damaged a lot of houses and property especially at Gwagwalada. “The residents are still saying some are missing but they cannot give us the identities of such persons who they claim to be missing,” he said. (NAN) By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), has advised the residents of Kubwa, Gwagwa-Karimo, Kuje, Airport Road and Gwagwalada to be wary of possibleflooding. The Director-General of FEMA, Alhaji Abbas Idriss, in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Saturday in… August 10, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Three people have been reported dead and more than five hundred persons displaced in Bosso and Chanchaga local government council of Niger State in an early morning flood after heavy downpour. The rain, which began at about 4am on Saturday morning destroyed and submerged buildings and… August 18, 2019 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on Sunday advised residents of the Federal Capital Territory to avoid Flood flash points during downpour. The Director-General of the agency, Alhaji Abbas Idriss, gave the advice during interactive session with newsmen in Abuja. Idriss said the advise became necessary… August 5, 2019 In "News"