Speaker of the house of representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila has stated that the acting managing director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Kemebradikumo Pondei, will no longer appear before the panel probing him and the agency. Recall that Pondei was enmeshed in a drama today July 20, after fainting at the venue of the probe. Commenting on the development, Gbajabiamila apologized for the stuffy hearing room and also wished Pondei a speedy recovery. He said; “We wish him well. I have been here barely five minutes and I am already sweating profusely. So I do understand and apologise to everybody here for the poorly conducive atmosphere. I want to say at this point and make it clear, that is not an adversarial hearing. It is not even inquisitorial. “It is a fact-finding mission for the people of Nigeria. Just to make things better and we should handle this as such. No one is under inquisition. The fact must come out and that is why the committee is doing what it is doing. “Because of these conditions in this hall, we don’t need to hear further from the acting MD because he has already submitted his written report. I think you can use the documents to do the work that needs to be done. “Starting from the minister, Dr. Cairo and all the executive directors – we are sorry under the conditions which you have been invited and my members are under the same conditions. We wish Mr Pondei all the best.” The speaker also commended chairman of the probe panel, Olubunmi Tunji-Ojo, for recusing himself from the investigation. Gbajabiamila added; “I want to commend the chairman of the committee who this morning recused himself from being part of the proceedings. It shows the level of integrity of himself and by extension his committee and further extension to the house of representatives. I believe he has set the stage for a fair hearing.” Source The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, on Monday, showed up at an investigative hearing being conducted on the alleged illegal spending and mismanagement by the Niger Delta Development Commission. Gbajabiamila joined the House Committee on NDDC after the hearing resumed. He said the decision by the Chairman,… July 20, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - The House of Representatives Committee on Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has issued a warrant of arrest on the Acting Managing Director of the NDDC, Prof. Kemebradikumo Pondei. The resolution was sequel to a unanimous adoption of a motion by Hon. Benjamin Kalu (APC-Abia) at an investigative hearing… July 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The acting Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Company (NDDC) Prof. Kemebradikumo Pondei and his team on Thursday, walked out on legislators investigating the alleged N40 billion irregular expenditure in the commission. Pondei stormed out of the hearing on Thursday in Abuja, after accusing… July 16, 2020 In "Politics"