By Emnanuella Anokam Abuja –  The Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority and Nigeria’s first Digital Agriculture Platform, Farmcrowdy, are discussing options for the establishment of an Agriculture Special Economic Zone for Nigeria. Farmcrowdy Founder, Onyeka Akuma as part of this, had visited the Managing Director of NEPZA, Prof. Adesoji Adesugba to present the company’s plans of adding value through agriculture products processing and expansion of the sector through a special zone. Adesugba, in a statement on Thursday in Abuja, expressed the agency’s readiness to partner with Farmcrowdy for such economic zone. He described Farmcrowdy as an innovative firm with great contribution to agricultural business in Nigeria. “I have known Onyeka Akuma as a trailblazer in revolutionising agriculture through the use of technology and crowd funding since the inception of Farmcrowdy. “Nigeria is paying special attention to agricultural development in order to feed an ever growing population, create jobs and generate wealth to eradicate poverty. “NEPZA is ready to support Farmcrowdy in its plan to set up an Agriculture Special Economic Zone,” he said. According to him, there is no doubt at all about the ability of the young Nigerians in Farmcrowdy in making great things happen in this ever important sector of the Nigerian economy. He restated its committment to transform the Authority into a truly investors’ service entity to multiply foreign direct investment in the country. Akuma had informed the NEPZA boss of Farmcrowdy’s plans to play an important role in the export of processed agricultural products to other African countries as soon as the African Continental Free Trade Area commenced. Akuma, while seeking the support of NEPZA, said it was time for Nigeria to increase its non oil exports and earn the much needed foreign exchange in a more diversified economy. He said that Farmcrowdy was poised to go to the next level of its organisational development by using the Special Economic Zones to actualise its dream Farmcrowdy, inaugurated in 2016, is Nigeria’s First Digital Agriculture Platform that empowers rural farmers by providing them with improved seeds, farm inputs, training on modern farming techniques and market for sale of farm produce. (NAN) •Prof Adesoji Adesugba, MD of NEPZA ABUJA (SundiataPost) - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Professor Adesoji Adesugba as the new Managing Director of Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA), a parastatal under the Federal Ministry of Trade and Investment. The President's approval was given in a letter… July 1, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority, (NEPZA) in a bid to spike influx of both local and International investors to the 41 Free Trade Zones strategically located in the Country had sought partnership of the Nigeria Investment Promotion Commission, NIPC to expedite the process. Managing director of… July 7, 2020 In "Business" •Prof Adesoji Adesugba ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The new Managing Director of the Nigeria Export Process Zones Authority, NEPZA, Prof. Adesoji Adesugba, on Wednesday resumed work with a charge on staff to improve on their work ethics with a view to optimising the contribution of NEPZA to the country’s Gross National… July 1, 2020 In "News"