Cairo  –  Egypt’s parliament, or the House of Representatives, approved on Monday a presidential decree extending the state of emergency in the country for three more months starting from July 27, state-run Nile TV reported. “The decision has been taken to face the ongoing dangerous health and security conditions in the country,’’ the general committee of the House of Representatives said. According to the decree, “the armed forces and the police will take the necessary measures to fight terrorism and its finance, maintain security nationwide, protect public and private properties and preserve the lives of citizens’’. According to the Egyptian constitution, presidential decisions to renew the state of emergency must be approved by the country’s parliament. Egypt’s president Abdel Fattah al-Sisi first imposed a three-month nationwide state of emergency in April 2017, following a twin bombing at two churches in the northern provinces of Gharbiya and Alexandria that killed at least 47 and wounded over 120 others. It has been constantly renewed in accordance with the constitution. Egypt has been facing a wave of anti-security terror activities that killed hundreds of policemen and soldiers since the mass protests-backed military ouster of former President Mohamed Morsi in 2013. Most of the attacks were claimed by the Wilayat Sinai, a Sinai-based group affiliated with the regional Islamic State militant group. Meanwhile, Egypt has launched a comprehensive operation to uproot terrorism since February 2018 that killed at least 1,000 militants. (Xinhua/NAN) Cairo -  Egypt is to extend its nationwide state of emergency for three months from Jan. 13 to help tackle “the dangers and funding of terrorism”, state news agency MENA said on Tuesday. Egypt first imposed the current state of emergency in April 2017 after two church bombings killed at… January 2, 2018 In "Foreign" Cairo, -  Egypt’s police have killed six supporters of the Islamic State (IS, a terrorist group, outlawed in Russia) during a raid in southern Assiut province, country’s Interior Ministry said in a statement. “National Security Service received information about a group of terrorists, who adhere to the ideas of the… July 10, 2017 In "Foreign" Ankara  -  The Turkish government asked parliament on Monday to extend emergency rule for another three months, almost a year after it was imposed in the wake of the July 2015 failed military coup. The request is expected to be approved by parliament, where President Tayyip Erdogan’s AK Party has… July 17, 2017 In "Foreign"