London   –   Elton John on Monday became the second artist to be honoured by Britain’s Royal Mint with a commemorative coin paying tribute to the decorated British singer-songwriter. The coin, designed by artist Bradley Morgan Johnson, depicts John’s distinctive straw boater’s hat, and fashions his trademark glasses out of a pair of musical notes. “It really is a fabulous honour to be recognised in this way,” John, 73, said. “The last few years have contained some of the most memorable moments of my career, and this is another truly humbling milestone on my journey.” John, who was knighted in 1998, is the second artist to be commemorated under the Royal Mint’s Music Legends series after rock band Queen. He has sold more than 250 million records, with hits like “Candle in the Wind”, “Your Song” and “Bennie and the Jets”,. John has been forced to postpone a lengthy farewell tour due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Royal Mint also said it was working with John to create a special one-off collectors piece to be auctioned later in the year, to raise money for charity at a time where many in the sector are struggling (Reuters/NAN) By Jane Wild in London The tiny channel island of Alderney is launching an audacious bid to become the first jurisdiction to mint physical Bitcoins, amid a global race to capitalise on the quickly appreciating virtual currency. The three-mile long British crown dependency has been working on plans to issue… November 24, 2013 In "Features" London - Britain’s Queen Elizabeth will be the official starter of this year’s London Marathon — 30 miles away on a special rostrum in the grounds of Windsor Castle. This year’s London Marathon will mark 110 years since the 1908 London Olympics when the marathon route went from Windsor to… March 23, 2018 In "Foreign" By Justina Auta   Abuja     -       Nigerian pop star, Wizkid 28, has joined the list of highest paid artists in the world following his performance at a royal wedding in India. The artist is said to have performed during a royal wedding at one of… October 30, 2018 In "Entertainment"