Washington –   U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Tuesday said U.S. was considering a ban on certain Chinese apps, including the popular video platform TikTok, which had a large user base among youths.However, in its response, TikTok insisted it does not share user data with the Chinese Government and stressed its U.S.-related bona fides. According to the company, TikTok is led by an American CEO, with hundreds of employees and key leaders across safety, security, product, and public policy in the U.S. “We have never provided user data to the Chinese government, nor will we do so if asked,“the company said. Asked on Fox News Channel if he would ban Chinese social media apps, Pompeo said, “We’re certainly looking at it, while warning that users’ data would allegedly be given to the government in Beijing.“ “With respect to Chinese apps on people’s cell phones, I can assure you the U.S. will get it right too,” Pompeo said.Pompeo noted that the U.S. had been pushing for bans domestically and in allied countries of certain Chinese technology. TikTok allows users to create short videos, often with some basic effects and music, which have become increasingly popular, particularly among younger ones. The social media company, which is run by China-based start-up ByteDance, said TikTok was not available in China itself. Its user data was usually stored outside mainland. App Annie, which tracks mobile data, said TikTok was the most popular download in the first quarter of the year. (dpa/NAN) Washington - U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Thursday said the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of China’s Huawei Technologies was lying about his company’s ties to the Beijing government. Pompeo believed more American companies would cut ties with the tech giant. The U.S. placed Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. on… May 23, 2019 In "Foreign" New Delhi - Google has removed a popular app from its Play store in India that scans users’ smartphones, identifies apps made in China and removes them. The app was removed because it violates Google’s policies which do not allow apps to delete or deactivate other apps unless they are… June 3, 2020 In "Foreign" It is billed as an easy and secure way to chat by video or text message with friends and family, even in a country that has restricted popular messaging services like WhatsApp and Skype. But the service, ToTok, is actually a spying tool, according to American officials familiar with a… December 24, 2019 In "Technology"