Ebonyi Governor Dave Umahi has terminated the appointments of over 1000 aides for non-performance. Those affected, according to him, include Technical Assistants (TAs), Senior Technical Assistants (STAs) and Executive Assistants (EAs) to the Governor. Umahi disclosed this on Monday during the swearing-in of three caretaker chairmen of Ikwo, Afikpo North and Ivo LGAs and the Coordinator of Ohaozara Development Centre, at Ecumenical Centre, Abakaliki. He said the dissolution would take effect from August 1, 2020. The Governor, who expressed disappointment over the poor performances of the appointees, said he had no business with anybody who does not want to work. “It is time to work. I have no business with anybody who has an appointment and doesn’t want to work. Let me announce my disappointment at the Technical Assistants, Senior Technical Assistants and Executive Assistants. “We have over 1000 of them. Yet, my Deputy and myself go out of our way in this COVID-19. We have over 360 Liaison Officers. We have al ot of Management Committee Members. “I don’t know where else you will get a position and go-on sleeping and be waiting for an alert. It can’t happen under me. By 1st of August, all Technical Assistants (TA), Senior Technical Assistants (STAs) and Executive Assistants (EAs) are dissolved,” he said. The Governor however noted that there would be a fresh round of appointment into the positions. He said the dissolved appointees would be given opportunity to reapply if they meet certain criteria. One of the criteria, according to him, include they must be ready to show their farms and what they achieved in their first appointment “If you are one of them and you want your job back, you will be given a form to fill and a Ministry or Department must endorse you. When they endorse you, we hold that Ministry or Department responsible for you. “The appointment we make is a source of social security, source of empowerment and source of bringing young men and women to learn the act of governance. “And if you are reapplying and you have no agricultural farm, then don’t apply. You must show me where you are farming because we are doing everything possible to turn the minds of our people from appointment position to business minds. That is the only way to go. “So, if you are reapplying, one, you must tell us what you did before; two, show us where your farm is and we will Google it, to make sure you are not lying; and three, you must be sponsored by Commissioners, SAs, SSAs, Boards and Commissions,” he said. The Nation • Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi One thing that is not in short supply since Ebonyi State governor, Dave Umahi assumed office in 2015 is his generosity in creating political offices and appointing people into them. Sources said the Umahi administration, which is in its fifth year, has rolled out… December 22, 2019 In "Politics" By Charles Iwuoha ABAKALIKI -  Over 10,000 persons in Ebonyi State have applied for the positions of Commissioners, Senior Special Assistants (SSAs), Special Assistants (SAs), and other political positions in Governor Dave Umahi’s administration.This was disclosed by the Governor Wednesday while swearing-in his 22 newly appointed aides.He lamented that many… July 11, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Chukwuemeka Opara   Abakaliki -  Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi has sacked his Special Assistant (SA) on Primary Health (Ebonyi Central Zone), Mrs Stephanie Ugo-Chima, for absconding from duty for over a month. Dr Hyginus Nwokwu, Secretary to the State Government (SSG), made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abakaliki… September 19, 2018 In "Politics"