By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa –  Pro-gender rights activists on Friday staged a peace walk in Yenagoa, calling on the Bayelsa State House of Assembly to domesticate the Violence Against Persons Prohibition (VAPP) Act. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the activists were under the auspices of the Centre for Environment, Human Rights and Development (CEHRD), a Port Harcourt-based Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO). They walked from the Peace Park, opposite Government House, to the Assembly and were received by the Speaker of the House, Mr Abraham Ngobere. They carried placards with various inscriptions like — “Say No To Gender-Based Violence”, “Stand With Us, Assent to the VAPP Act”, “Stop Violence Against Persons”, “Say No To Sexual Violence” and “Rape Is A Crime”, among others. Dr David Vareba, the Head of Human Rights and Governance Programme at CEHRD, urged the Assembly to accelerate passage of the VAPP Bill before it “in the face of incessant violence against persons in rapes and other gender-based violence.” He argued that the passage of the VAPP Bill had become even more necessary “due to the fact that our penal code is no longer subsisting and there are many things it can no longer suffice for.” Vareba lauded the Bayelsa Assembly’s effort, saying “we are aware that this bill has passed first and second readings. “We were also part of the public hearing on the bill. “But we are all aware that as a result of the lockdown, high cases of rape and other gender-based violence have been recorded. “In so far as we identify with you, we also want you to accelerate this bill so that sooner, it will be passed into law because when it becomes a law, it will benefit all of us.” The Speaker, who was represented by Mr Tare Porri, the lawmaker representing Ekeremor Constituency I and Chairman, House Committee on Public Petitions and Youth Development, commended the activists for the peace walk. He assured them that the House would soon pass the VAPP Bill. He said “let me assure you on behalf of the leadership of the House, that once a bill has passed second reading, it stands 70 per cent the chance of sailing through. “As a matter of fact, by the next sitting date, the Joint House Committee on Justice, Judiciary and Gender will certainly submit report to the House and we will consider the bill clause by clause.” The speaker further assured them that Gov. Douye Diri would assent to the bill after passage “because he and his wife, Gloria, were also committed to zero tolerance for gender-based violence”. (NAN) By Muhammad Lawal Birnin Kebbi - Wife of Kebbi State governor, Dr Zainab Bagudu, has called for holistic measures to effectively tackle gender-based violence at the grassroots level. Malam Yahaya Sarki, the Special Adviser to Gov. Atiku Bagudu on Media, said in a statement that Mrs Bagudu made the appeal… July 6, 2020 In "Health" By Ikenna Uwadileke   Abuja   -     The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), says it will establish sexual offenders’ register as part of measures to check gender- based violence in the country. The Director-General of NAPTIP, Mrs Julie Okah-Donli, stated this in Abuja, at the public… September 7, 2018 In "News" By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi - The Wife of Kebbi Governor, Dr Zainab Shinkafi- Bagudu, has commanded the State Government for submitting the Gender-Based Violence, and Child Molestation Bills to State House of Assembly for consideration and passage.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Gov. Atiku Bagudu had on… June 23, 2020 In "News"