A Nigerian man, Dotun Ajayi, has taken to social media to hail a Nigerian soldier who helped him to fix his car when it developed a fault while it was raining in Ibadan, Oyo state on Tuesday, June 30. Ajayi in his post, recounted how the soldier whose name he gave as Corporal Etuk Emmanuel, helped him in his time of need. He said soldiers like Etuk are rewriting the narrative about the Nigerian Army. Read His Post Below; ”A worthy soldier and gentleman. This evening on my way back from my brother’s house , my car developed a fault simply because the road is bad (Ojuirin – Olorunda road after Akobo in Ibadan) I was practically helpless because there were no mechanics in sight and it was raining heavily too. Then this angel in the form of a Nigerian soldier showed up, he asked what the problem was and offered to help. He knelt in the rain and when he couldn’t fix it, he asked me to carefully drive the car to the barracks and there he was going to fix it. I accepted his offer gladly and we ended up at the military workshop where he fixed my car within minutes. I have heard many stories about our military men, but this is totally different and I was impressed. Men like lance Corpral Etuk Emmanuel are rewriting stories about the Nigerian Army one act of service at a time. This is the Nigeria Army of our dreams. Please help me to appreciate this galant soldier who chose to help a civilian like me in Nigeria in the year “2020.” Source How best could one describe the action of Lance Corporal Johnson Ajayi of 144 Battalion of the Nigeria Army, Asa, Abia State who killed a commercial motorcyclist, Chimaobi Nwaogu Uzoukwa for not giving him N100 bribe? Beastly!  This is not the first time security personnel would be killing motorists for… August 17, 2019 In "Metro" How best could one describe the action of Lance Corporal Johnson Ajayi of 144 Battalion of the Nigeria Army, Asa, Abia State who killed a commercial motorcyclist, Chimaobi Nwaogu Uzoukwa for not giving him N100 bribe? Beastly! This is not the first time security personnel would be killing motorists for… August 17, 2019 In "Metro" A couple of weeks ago, a Jamaican artiste contacted popular Ajegunle musician, Baba Fryo with a request to feature him in a remix of his hit song, Denge Pose, which ruled the airwaves in the late 1990s to early 2000s. For the musician, it was a good piece of news. Obviously… June 8, 2019 In "News"