Leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have received more defectors from the All Progressives Congress (APC) and other parties. The Publicity Secretary, Chris Nehikhare, made the disclosure yesterday in an online statement. He said: “PDP leaders in Edo State have held more sensitisation and strategic meetings. They have welcomed more defectors from the APC and other parties in the 192 wards and 18 local governments. “At Ekperi wards 6, 7 and 8 of Etsako Central Local Government, over 1,000 people attended the meeting. Addressing the crowd, the Edo North Senatorial Coordinator for PDP Campaign Council, Mr. Pascal Ugbome, spoke about the sterling qualities of Governor Godwin Obaseki. “Ugbome also spoke about the need to support Governor Obaseki, while receiving favourable responses and commitments from the attendees. They resolved that Ekperi was satisfied with Governor Obaseki and promised to deliver over 80 per cent of the registered voters to PDP. They disclosed that only a few APC members were left at Ekperi.” The Nation Following the defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State from the ruling All Progressives Congress to the Peoples Democratic Party, 106 members of the Action Democratic Party have also defected to PDP. The ADP defectors are from Egor, Ovia South West, and Ovia North East Local Government Areas of… July 7, 2020 In "Politics" Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features" Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… June 14, 2020 In "Politics"