President of the United States, Donald Trump has reacted to popular rapper,Kanye West’s presidential bid, stating his declaration as “very interesting”. Responding to West’s claim that he would run against him in the 2020 presidential election, Trump told reporters “He may,” during his interview with RealClearPolitics at the White House on Tuesday, July 7. He continued: “If he did it, he would have to view this as a trial run for what’s going to happen in four years,” noting that his declaration came late as it would difficult for him to get on the ballot in several states. West, who visited Trump in the Oval Office in 2018, rocking a trademark “Make America Great Again” red baseball cap, announced his presidential bid on Saturday, July 4. The rapper wrote: “We must now realize the promise of America by trusting God, unifying our vision and building our future. I am running for president of the United States! #2020VISION.” His announcement was endorsed by Tesla and SpaceX CEO, Elon Musk who tweeted at him: “You have my full support!” Source •Kanye West WASHINGTON - American rapper Kanye West, a vocal supporter of U.S. President Donald Trump, announced on Saturday that he would run for president in 2020 in an apparent challenge to Trump and his presumptive Democratic rival, former Vice President Joe Biden. “We must now realise the promise of… July 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington - American rapper Kanye West, a vocal supporter of U.S. President Donald Trump, announced on Saturday that he would run for president in 2020 in an apparent challenge to Trump and his presumptive Democratic rival, former Vice President Joe Biden. “We must now realise the promise of America by… July 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington - U.S. President Donald Trump has fired two key witnesses in the impeachment investigation against him, as he started an apparent campaign of retaliation just two days after he was acquitted by the Senate. Trump fired Gordon Sondland, the U.S. ambassador to the European Union, just hours after dismissing… February 8, 2020 In "Foreign"