By Chimezie Anaso Awka  – The Anambra State Football Association (AnSFA) Electoral Committee for 2020 State Board and Local Football Councils Elections has postponed the exercise indefinitely. The elections were billed to hold on Monday and Tuesday in Awka Obinna Dike, the Head of the Media and Publicity Sub-committee, announced the postponement in a statement on Sunday night in Awka. He said the postponement was sequel to the letter from Anambra government which directed that the elections be shelved as it violated the extant law on COVID-19 protocols. Dike added that the committee was awaiting further directives. “The Electoral Committee has forwarded the said letter to the Anambra State Football Association. “In view of this development, the Electoral Committee wishes to inform the general public that the election earlier fixed for July 27 and July 28 will no longer hold as scheduled. ”We regret any inconvenience this sudden postponement may caused to the candidates, delegates, observers, stakeholders and the general public,” the statement said in part. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Commissioner for Information, Mr C-Don Adinuba, had on Saturday issued a statement calling for the cancellation of the exercise. He said the state law on COVID-19 which baned social gatherings including elections was still in force. Adinuba directed the police to ensure that no individual or group gathered at the Bishop Obiefuna Retreat Centre, venue of the election, for the exercise. NAN reports that a caretaker committee might be constituted for the Anambra Football Association. The tenure of the executives, which started on May 2, 2016 and the extension of three months which started on April 28, would elapse on Tuesday. NAN) Awka  -  Ephraim Chukwuemeka, the Chairman, Anambra State Football Association (ASFA) Normalisation Committee has said the election into the board of the Anambra State FA would be conducted before Dec. 25. Chukwuemeka said this at the Anambra football stakeholders meeting held with members of his committee in Awka on Monday.… December 8, 2015 In "Sports" By Chimezie Anaso Awka - Jude Anyadufu, Chairman of the 2020 Anambra State Football Association (AnSFA) Elections Committee, has assured that the exercise would be conducted in line with best practices. Anyadufu had held a meeting on Friday with all aspirants and delegates to the AnSFA board and Local Football… July 25, 2020 In "Sports" Awka - An Anambra State High Court in Aguata Division on Friday has granted an injunction stopping the planned election into the board of the Anambra State Football Association (ASFA). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that election has been scheduled to begin with the election of delegates from… July 24, 2015 In "News"