By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota (Ogun)  –  The Vice- Chancellor, Trinity University, Lagos, Prof. Charles Ayo, has commended the Federal Government for reopening schools for students in exit classes to take public examinations. The Federal Government had on Monday in Abuja after a meeting with stakeholders in the education sector announced the reopening of exit classes for Primary and Secondary Schools on Aug. 4. This is to enable pupils in Primary 6 and students in JSS3 and SSS3 sit for public examinations. In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Ota, Ogun, Ayo, a former Vice- Chancellor of Covenant University, said that the government’s decision was a welcome development as many parents had been agitated over the issue. “The action of the Federal Government is good decision in the right direction, but all precautionary measures must be taken to avoid a spike of the pandemic,’’ he said. The vice-chancellor stressed the need for collective efforts in fighting the scourge so as to further reduce the pandemic in the country. “The government, parents, proprietors, staff and students have a role to play and must tread the path of caution,’’ Ayo said. He called on Nigerians to pray for the success and protection of the children in the examinations so that schools across the country could be completely opened. Ayo said that the outcome of the current exercise would affect all other demands and agitations in the country. (NAN) As the dust raised by the news of the Federal Government reversal of its earlier decision to reopen schools for examination classes in primary 6, JSS3 and SSS3, is yet to settle down, the Minister of State for Education Hon. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba issued a statement last Friday, 17 July 2020… July 21, 2020 In "Opinion" The Federal Government has given school owners till July, 29 to meet specific guidelines for safe reopening of schools. It said schools are expected to undertake self-assessment and send feedback to State Ministries of Education, not later than 29th July, 2020. The government said an official date for safe reopening… July 17, 2020 In "News" There is little doubt that unlike in some other states, education policy makers, executors and managers in Oyo State worked very hard to be in a state of preparedness for the anticipated reopening of schools closed in March 2020 across the nation due to the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic. It is,… July 14, 2020 In "Opinion"