A police statement has revealed how a woman and her houseboy died inside their room after burning charcoal in order to warm their room. Read the statement below: Today being 15/7/2020 there was a report at Aguata Police Station by one Bernard Ezeuboaja ‘m’ of Umuchiana village, Ekwulobia in Anambra State that on the same date at about 9:am, he discovered that his wife one Obiageli Ezeuboaja ‘f’ aged 65 years and her house boy one Chikamso ‘m’ surname unknown aged about 12 years never woke up from sleep since the previous night.As a result, he opened the door and discovered their lifeless bodies. Following the report, Police detectives attached to Aguata division visited the scene and rushed victims to the hospital for medical attention but they were all certified death on arrival by a medical doctor. Preliminary investigation revealed that the deceased set a charcoal fire in order to warm the room due to cold weather leaving all the windows closed and without ventilation. Meanwhile,the charcoal container was recovered as exhibit while corpses deposited at Ekwulobia hospital mortuary for autopsy.Investigation is ongoing to ascertain circumstances surrounding the incident. SP Haruna Mohammed,PPRO Anambra State Police Command,For-Commissioner of Police Anambra State Command. Source Daily Post reports that a 45-year-old man identified as Onyebuchi Ashiema has been allegedly beaten to death for parking his car wrongly in a street at Igboukwu community of Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. Ashiema was said to have been attacked by a 36-year-old man, one Evans Obuneme… February 21, 2020 In "News" According to The Nation, police in Anambra state said they have arrested a 37-year old man, Chigorom Ezeofor for allegedly killing his father in Unuchiana village, Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra state. The police spokesperson, Haruna Mohammed who confirmed the arrest in a statement on Saturday, said the suspect,… April 25, 2020 In "Metro" A 40-year-old man, whose name was obtained as Paul on Monday morning died in a hotel in Onitsha, Anambra State after sex romp. It was gathered that the lady who had a good time with the deceased raised the alarm to the hotel management when the man's breathing became abnormal.… February 24, 2020 In "Metro"