By Ahmed Ubandoma Abuja  – The First Lady, Aisha Buhari, has pledged her continued support to widows of late Nigerian soldiers to enable them to become economically self-reliant. She made the pledge on Wednesday in Abuja during the graduation of 50 beneficiaries of Nigerian Army Widows Empowerment Scheme. The three-month training programme was organised by the Nigerian Army in collaboration with the Future Assured programme of the first lady. The first lady who was represented by Mrs Grace Chamah, wife of former Military Administrator of Katsina State, said the gesture was aimed at reducing the hardship faced by the widows. She also called on wealthy individuals to provide support to the families of the fallen heroes. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the beneficiaries were trained on different skills, including catering and food processing services, fashion and tailoring, soap making, Agro Allied/Fishering as well as beads-making. The beneficiaries were also provided with startup kits, such as gas cylinders and cookers, sewing machines and fish ponds, among others. (NAN) Abuja- The First Lady, Dame Patience Jonathan, has commended the Nigerian Armed Forces for winning the battle against insurgency in the North-Eastern part of the country. She made the commendation on Thursday in Abuja at the inauguration of the Defence and Police Officer’s Wives Association’s (DEPOWA) skills and acquisition centre.… May 21, 2015 In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu -  The Nigerian Army has disbursed N19 million to 95 widows of fallen heroes residing in Abakpa and Awkunanaw Barracks in Enugu State to ameliorate the hardship being faced by the women. Maj.- Gen. Adamu Abubakar, the General Officer Commanding (GOC), 82 Division of the Nigerian… March 3, 2018 In "News" Abuja   -  The wife of the President, Hajia Aisha Buhari, has‎ called for the empowerment of women through various skill acquisition programmes to enable them support their families to cope with the current economic downturn. The first lady made the call on Saturday in Abuja at the 7th Al-Habibiyyah… December 19, 2015 In "News"