By Olayinka Owolewa Ilorin  – The Kwara State Government has acquired two state-of-the-art Mercedes Benz Ambulances to boost emergency response system in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the ambulances were unveiled on Sunday at a brief ceremony in the Government House premises, Ilorin. Inspecting the two new ambulances, Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, reassured of his administration’s commitment to a full-blown turnaround in the Kwara Health system. AbdulRazaq said that the gesture was another step in his administration’s drive to improve healthcare delivery, saying more were in the offing after the end of COVID-19 pandemic. The governor commended health workers in the state for putting strong fight for the survival of COVID-19 patients, saying that their calling was service to humanity. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Raji Razaq, who took the governor round the ambulances, described the gesture as another feather to the cap of the ministry; noting that it was a promise kept for strengthening health system in the state. He noted that the two high-roofed ambulances were fully equipped with resuscitative gadgets, oxygen and ventilators to keep patients alive. (NAN) By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo Ilorin - Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has sacked a driver and queried COVID-19 team for the mishandling a COVID-19 case and evacuating the victim without following safety protocol. The misconduct of the COVID-19 ambulance driver and the team’s failure to apply caution and expertise in handling… May 14, 2020 In "Politics" ILORIN - Kwara State Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq on Wednesday directed the sack of a government driver that unilaterally attended to an unkempt person who was evacuated with a COVID-19 ambulance in Ilorin. (See video above). He also directed the issuance of queries to top officials of the state ministry of health… May 13, 2020 In "News" Two patients receiving treatment for coronavirus in Kwara state have been discharged from the hospital. Raji Abdulrazaq, commissioner for health, broke the news in a tweet on Thursday afternoon. “I am happy to announce to you all that we just discharged two index cases of #COVID19 in Kwara State after… April 16, 2020 In "News"