By Muftau Ogunyemi  Akure  –  The Social Democratic Party (SDP) on Friday inaugurated a 13-member caretaker committee to run the affairs of the party in Ondo State. The committee was inaugurated at the Party Secretariat in Akure, by the National Chairman of the party, Prof. Tunde Adeniran, represented by the National Vice Chairman, South West, Mr Bade Falade. Adeniran urged members of the committee to spare no effort in bringing back all aggrieved and estranged members of the party. “I charge you to foster unity within the party and reconcile all aggrieved members and groups,” the national chairman told committee. He said that a transparent process would help see that the party took control of Ondo state in the Oct. 10, Governorship election. Adeniran thanked members of the caretaker committee and charged them to justify the trust reposed in them by performing their task excellently. Responding, the Chairman of the committee, Mr Oladele Ogunbameru, thanked the National Working Committee (NWC) of SDP for finding them worthy of the assignment. He pledged that the members of the committee would not betray the trust the party reposed in them. Ogunbameru also pledged to raise the electoral fortune of the party through reconciliation, consolidation and cooperation. (NAN) By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - The National Working Committee of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) has appointed an 11-man caretaker committee for its Ondo State chapter.SDP in a letter signed by its National Secretary, Alhaji Shehu Gabam, addressed to the State Chairman, Chief Korede Duyile, also dissolved the State Working… June 1, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA - The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Sunday announced the dissolution of the Ondo State Executive Committee of the party. Mr Olisa Metuh, the party`s National Publicity Secretary, announced the disolution in a statement in Abuja. According to the statement, all structures of… October 27, 2014 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics"