By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja –   The Kogi Government says the electrification project in Kogi East would catalyse economic growth and expansion across the senatorial district when completed. The Kogi State Commissioner for Rural Development, Mr Daniel Ejigbo, stated this while interacting with journalists in Lokoja on the ongoing Rural Electrification Project in Kogi. Ejigbo said that the project was historic, and would “catalyse economic growth and expansion when completed”. The commissioner, who doubles as the Secretary of the Implementation Committee of the Project Light Up Kogi East, extolled Gov. Yahaya Bello for his commitment to the exercise. According to him, Gov. Bello has sparked a revolution in Kogi and has redefined leadership by identifying the needs of the people and meeting them without discrimination. “Kogi East is the worst hit when it comes to power penetration in the state. We have had governors in the past from the zone who chose to keep their people in darkness. ”But today, we have a governor who has shown he is Governor of all, for all and supported by all; from the West where there is a massive Rice Mill built by him, to the Central where road projects have been completed, and to the East where road projects and water projects have been completed.’’ He said that the governor had written his name in gold forever. The commissioner thanked the governor for providing leadership to the committee, assuring him of their commitment to meet his set goals. He assured the people of Kogi that the Ministry of Rural Development would soon commence massive rehabilitation of rural roads as well as other projects with direct impact on the rural dwellers. (NAN) By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta  -    The Ogun House of Assembly has asked the state Commissioner for Finance, Mr Adewale Osinowo, to furnish it with detailed documents on how the Paris Club fund was spent. The assembly members gave the directive on Tuesday in Abeokuta while questioning the commissioner over… May 16, 2017 In "News" By Chinwe Ugwu There is a Nigerian saying that if you do not go under the belly of an elephant, you can never know that it has a flat tummy. Similarly, many public office holders especially politicians are often judged based on the outer appearance. One of the most talked… November 14, 2017 In "Opinion" Abuja - The Ebira Peoples Association (EPA) has urged the governor-elect of Kogi, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, to be fair in the governance of the state when sworn in. The National President of the association, Dr Musa Adeiza, gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday… January 24, 2016 In "News"