A young Namibian lady, Emma Theofilus, has been appointed as the country’s deputy information and technology minister. With the appointment, she has become Namibia’s youngest minister and member of parliament. Emma was appointed by the country’s president, Hage Geingob and it was criticised by the country’s old elites who questioned her capacity and competence. However, the young lady said she is not inexperienced and she is able to do anything she sets out to do. She said: “I do not think I am special, but I do not think I am inexperienced, and I do not think being young or female has anything to do with my appointment. Anything I set myself to and any environment I want to work into, I can do it; so the issue of inexperience does not hold any water.” Emma was appointed Namibia’s deputy minister of information, communication and technology in March 2020, as part of Hage Geingob’s second term cabinet. Watch Video Below: Deputy information minster Emma Theofilus signs her affirmation letter at State House today. Video: Shinovene Immanuel A post shared by  The Namibian (@thenamibian) on Mar 23, 2020 at 2:14am PDT Source WINDHOEK - Namibians voted on Wednesday in what was expected to be the toughest contest yet for the party that has ruled for three decades of independence, an election it was still expected to win despite a brutal economic crisis. President Hage Geingob, Namibia’s third leader since the sparsely populated… November 27, 2019 In "Foreign" Senator representing Anambra Central, Uche Lilian Ekwunife, during the ministerial screening at the Senate on Thursday asked a nominee, Abdullahi Hassan of Nasarawa State, what he would do as Minister of Women Affairs. Ekwunife, amid chuckles from her colleagues, asked Hassan what he would do if President Muhammadu Buhari appointed… July 25, 2019 In "Politics" By Joe Brock and Ed Cropley JOHANNESBURG   - As head of intelligence for the outlawed African National Congress during apartheid, Jacob Zuma neutralised perceived traitors and sidelined opponents to shore up his position, people who worked with him say. Decades later, as South Africa's President, he hasn't lost his… May 5, 2016 In "Foreign"