By Joyce Remi-Babayeju Abuja ( Sundiata Post)- As corruption accusstion drama unfolds at the| Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, following the agency’s forensic audit the Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre (CISLAC)/Transparency International Nigeria has cautioned the National Assembly to avoid any form of corruption but to be transparent and accountable in it’s investigation. Executive Director of CISLAC, Auwal Ibrahim Musa ( Rasanjani) who gave this advisory to the National Assembly commended efforts of the House of Representatives and other allied team working on the audit but cautioned the house against corruption but to carry out prudent accountability and transparent investigation. President Muhammadu Buhari had ordered a speedy probe into NDDC operations between 2000- 2019 which was marred by corruption accusstions between the Minister of of the NDDC Commission, Senator Godswill Apkabio , ex NDDC Managing Director Joi Nunieh, and acting MD , Professor Kemebradikumo Daniel Pondei who slumped during an interrogation by the house. Musa said, “We are saddened by the recent unfolding in the probe which includes the controversial attempt to arrest; allegations and counter allegations of corruption between all alleged parties; the outbursts at the investigative hearing and all other undue occurrences within the process.” ” We want to use this opportunity to call on the National Assembly to wake up to their statutory and legislative responsibilities which includes responsive and responsible oversight, effective representation and law making, as well prudent constituency accountability; and not act in a manner that is tantamount to corruption. This will lead to loss of moral superiority and confidence to question any form of irresponsibility from other government agencies and officials as “ He that comes to equity must come with clean hands.” CISLAC lamented that these allegations, which does not speak well for the country, but should be resolved satisfactorily, especially as the country is battling with harsh economic realities, debilitating debt profile and faced with a desperate need to mobilize resources and effectively utilize it. We call on the presidency and other relevant anti-graft agencies to act accordingly to institutionalized processes and culture of accountability that affirms responsible public financial management in Nigeria, Musa said. End There is no executive or administrative corruption without civil partnerships. What we often see on the surface as corruption in government agencies is deeply tap-rooted -- with connectors to social crusaders, polemists, activists and civic groups. Corruption in Nigeria has a long value chain. The probe of the management of… July 20, 2020 In "Opinion" A Civil Society Organisation (CSO) has urged the National Assembly to immediately begin its proposed investigation into the activities of the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). Briefing journalists in Port Harcourt, Rivers State on Wednesday, the CSO under the auspices of the Niger Delta… June 17, 2020 In "News" By Femi Ogunshola Abuja - The Niger Delta Youth Council (NDYC) and Ex-Agitators’ Forum have called for caution over recent disagreements between the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) and its house committee. Mr Chinedu Livinus, the Coordinator of NDYC and Ex-Agitators Forum, gave the advice… July 18, 2020 In "News"