By Stellamaris Ashinze Lagos –  Google on Friday highlighted 10 other usefulness of Google Search engine aside from the normal search for obtaining information. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google Communication Officer, West Africa, said that millions of people made use of Google Search to get answers and information every day. He noted that yet a lot were not harnessing the full power of Google. Kola-Ogunlade said that Google Search’s Web, Image, Video, News, Maps and More tabs could help ensure one got the kind of results needed. He said beyond simple queries, there were a lot more one could achieve with Google Search. Açcording to him, the 10 useful things that Google Search could do include search jobs, search lyrics, weather update, stop watch, recipes for meals, about calories, just for fun, among others. “By searching for “jobs near me” or specifically for the job position you seek, you can find options that you are interested in and apply for them. “Google offers a quick and easy way to find your next job ,whether it is full-time, part-time or an internship. “Search for lyrics to your favourite songs by typing, ‘song name’ plus “lyrics” in the search bar, you get the lyrics displayed at the top of the search results page. “This is useful for fans, music lovers, during karaoke, or for a chorister who wishes to learn how to sing a song,’’ he said in the statement. According to him, to get weather updates for any city on any day simply search “weather” plus “city name”, and the day you are interested in and you get the current forecast. He said that this was particularly useful for travellers and when planning for a choice of clothing for an outing. Kola-Ogunlade said that Google Search provided a personal time keeper that helps measure the speed of an activity. He added that you could get recipes for meals to beef up your cooking skills by searching for the recipe for any meal you can imagine on Google. He added that other usefulness of Google Search includes getting real time games scores, search by voice and search health condition. (NAN) By Florence Onuegbu Lagos -  A get-rich-quick business that left thousands of Zimbabweans in financial dilemma dominated timelines, blogs and news sites in the week of Sept. 21 to Sept. 28, according to Google Trends. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, made the… September 30, 2016 In "News" Lagos  -    Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, the Manager, Communication and Public Relations, Google, on Saturday in Lagos said that Google search leaves footprint of important details. Kola-Ogunlade said this during a Google Hangout Search session that showed what they learnt from Google search in the first quarter of 2016. The… March 19, 2016 In "News" By Chiazo Ogbolu   Lagos    -     Google on Wednesday announced the results of its 2018 year in search, offering an insight into the year’s major moments and top trends based on searches conducted in Nigeria. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager, Anglophone West Africa, made the announcement… December 12, 2018 In "News"