Dar es Salaam  –  Former President of Tanzania Benjamin Mkapa has died, the presidency announced on Friday. “Mkapa, 81, died in hospital in the city of Dar es Salaam, where he was being treated for an illness,’’ incumbent President John Magufuli said in a statement without giving details. African Union Commission chair Moussa Mahamat tweeted his condolences, saying Mkapa was “a statesman particularly remembered as an indefatigable peacemaker in the East African region.” Mkapa was elected president in 1995 and was known for instituting economic reforms and promoting stability during his 10 years at the helm. He spent significant amounts of money on improving the east African country’s road infrastructure. Today, Tanzania is among a few countries on the continent with an expansive road network. Over the years he was appointed mediator in a number of peace talks in various countries such as Burundi, Kenya and Zimbabwe. He was also instrumental in lobbying for sanctions on South Africa, which helped put an end to racist apartheid rule in that country. Magufuli announced a mourning period of seven days. (dpa/NAN) Brussels  -  The Belgian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Didier Reynders, has expressed his country’s concern over the fresh targeted assassinations in Burundi, after the recent attacks that targeted senior national defence and armed forces officers. ``The violence, wherever it comes from, is unacceptable and pushes the country farther away from… April 28, 2016 In "Foreign" Dar es salaam - Tanzania's new President John Magufuli, on Tuesday ordered restrictions on foreign travel by government officials and cuts in tax exemptions, signalling the potential start of fiscal belt-tightening measures by his government. A statement from the president’s office said that ``the president had put a halt to… November 10, 2015 In "Foreign" by Felix Njini HeidelbergCement AG will shut about a quarter of plant capacity at its Tanzanian unit due to oversupply and lower prices partly caused by cheaper imports from China and Pakistan. Tanzania Portland Cement Co. Ltd. will cap output at 1.4 million metric tons of cement this year, compared… April 30, 2015 In "News"