By Deji Abdulwahab  Abuja – The All Progressives Congress (APC) has constituted a Primary Election Committee, headed by Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi and an Appeal Committee, chaired by Mr Chris Baywood, for the July 20 poll in Ondo State. APC Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yekini Nabena, said this in a statement in Abuja on Thursday. Nabena said: “Ahead of the APC Ondo State Governorship Primary Election slated for July 20, 2020, the Gov. Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker/Extra-ordinary National Convention Planning Committee has constituted Primary Election and Appeal Committees. “Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, will chair the Primary Election Committee while Emperor Chris Baywood Ibe will chair the Primary Election Appeal Committee. “Members of the Ondo State Governorship Primary Election Committee, has Olorogun o’tega Emerhor as the Secretary. “Committee’s members are Alwan Hassan, Chief Samuel Sambo, Hajiya Binta Salihu, M Emma Andy, Dr Adebayo Adelabu, Abdullahi Aliyu and Mrs Margret Ngozi Igwe,’’ he said. Nabena added that the Election Appeal Committee, chaired by Baywood, has Arch. Abdulmuni Okara as Secretary, while Mr Festus Fientes, Mr Okon Owoefiak, Mr Abba Isah, Alhaji Umar Duhu, Hon. Sani El-katuzu, Mrs Osuere Eunice and Emeka Agaba would serve as members. He said that the committees would be inaugurated by the party’s acting national chairman. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress APC has written the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC introducing the 13-member committee to the Commission and also slating its Ondo Governorship Primary Election for July 20. The letter which was dated… June 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja - The Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has constituted Reconciliation Committees for Edo and Ondo States.APC Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yekini Nabena, said this in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday.Nabena said that the reconciliation committee for Edo would be led by… June 30, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The national organising secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Osita Izunaso on Wednesday at the party’s national secretariat in Abuja inaugurated a seven-member screening committee and three-member screening appeal committee for the 2016 Ondo State governorship election primaries. The screening committee is chaired by… August 3, 2016 In "Politics"