Justice Sikiru Oyinloye of Kwara State High Court, Ilorin, on Tuesday convicted and sentenced 19-year-old Chemistry undergraduate of University of Ilorin, Ajayi Joshua Oluwatobi to nine months imprisonment for defrauding three fellow students who were seeking accommodation. The convict was prosecuted on three count-charges by the Ilorin Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC). One of the charges read: “That you, Ajayi Joshua Oluwatobiloba, in the month of November 2019, in Ilorin, within the jurisdiction of this honorable court, did cheat by deceiving one Anjorin Oluwabukolami Eniola, a University of Ilorin student when you fraudulently induced her to pay N45,000.00 (Forty-five Thousand Naira) into the GTbank account 045262140 of one Hassan Adefemi Daniel for hostel accommodation, a representation you knew to be false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 320 of the Penal Code and punishable under Section 322 of the same Law.” Justice Oyinloye found Oluwatobi guilty of all the three-count charges and aside the prison term, additionally ordered him to pay the sum N105,000 (One Hundred and Five Thousand Naira) fine so as to serve as deterrent to others, nursing such a crime. “This honourable court is of the view that the prosecution has proved its case beyond reasonable doubt, the court hereby finds you, Ajayi Joshua Oluwatobi guilty of Count 1, 2 and 3. You are hereby convicted for the offence,” he said. Each count attracts three months imprisonment, which runs concurrently. The convict ran into trouble when the University of Ilorin reported a case of defrauding three accommodation seeking students to the EFCC. Source Ilorin - A Kwara state High Court sitting in Ilorin on Monday has convicted one Enoch Oluyode to six months imprisonment for offences bordering on internet fraud and other related frauds. The presiding judge, Mahmood Abdulgafar, sentenced Oluyode after finding him guilty of the one count (amended) charge levelled against… December 23, 2019 In "Metro" Mujidat OyewoleIlorin - A Kwara state High Court sitting in Ilorin on Monday has convicted one Enoch Oluyode to six months imprisonment for offences bordering on internet fraud and other related frauds. The presiding judge, Mahmood Abdulgafar, sentenced Oluyode after finding him guilty of the one count (amended) charge levelled… December 23, 2019 In "News" LAGOS - A 36-year-old trader, Kabiru Onikede, was on Monday charged with defrauding a banker of N324,000 at an Igbosere Magistrates' Court in Lagos. Onikede, whose address is unknown, is facing a charge of obtaining money under false pretences. The prosecutor, Sgt. Emmanuel Ajayi, had told the court that Onikede… August 18, 2014 In "News"