Private Uzonna Maduabuchi, the soldier who killed a recently married Army Lieutenant in Bama, was embittered because his allowances were withheld and account blocked, The Nation has learnt. Maduabuchi on Tuesday morning fired at least five shots at Lieutenant Babakaka Shehu Ngorgi, his superior at 202 Battalion of the 21 Special Armoured Brigade in Bama, Borno while the latter was on telephone with his wife. It was gathered Ngorgi got married last December and has been away on operation in the northeast since then. According to Army sources, Maduabuchi, a 16NA Regular Intake, had complained several times about his allowances not paid and his right to pass denied. Although it was not clear whether the deceased officer had anything to do with his plights, it was gathered Maduabuchi was heard shouting: “I have achieved my aim” after shooting Ngorgi dead. He was said to have embarked on the shooting spree shortly after the troops returned from scanning the environment to wade off Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs). The Nation gathered the shooter aimed at the officer’s chest and released rapid rounds to the amazement of colleagues who were present. “We were all shocked because we did not expect such a thing could happen at that moment. “Soldiers and officers were in sad mood to the extent that they wanted to go and get the shooter killed in the guardroom but the Brigade Commander gave order that they should not kill the guy. “Later, we now tried to verify if there were issues between them but nothing personal was established. “We only found out that the soldier’s account has been blocked for several months without collecting office allowance and salary. “He has been complaining that he is also not allowed to go on pass. It’s painful and sad mood already here. ‘’May Almighty Allah spare our lives for future purpose and safety in this job and after May God be with us,” a soldier, who allegedly witnessed the incident said. Confirming the shooting, the Nigerian Army spokesman, Col. Sagir Musa said the soldier was depressed. Asked how long the soldier had been depressed and what the Army did to get him treated, Musa did not reply our correspondent. He also did not reply to questions on allegations that Maduabuchi’s salary and allowances were withheld for several months. He further did not provide answers on why the army left a depressed soldier at the war front. Our correspondent sent a WhatsApp message requesting answers to some questions which Musa ignored. A call was subsequently made to his mobile phone but he said he was in a meeting and requested a text message be sent. He was yet to respond as at the time of filing this report. The Nation Abuja （Sundiata Post）- There was confusion in Chibok community, Borno State, on Sunday after a staff sergeant in the Nigerian Army, Silas Ninyo, shot dead a captain, four civilians and himself during an altercation. Our correspondent learnt that Ninyo killed the captain, identified only as Mani, and the four others… November 13, 2017 In "Top Stories" At least 17 soldiers have died while many others were abducted in two confrontations on Friday & Saturday between the military and Boko Haram insurgents on Bama-Gwoza highway, a report by Punch has revealed. Also, the terrorists suffered high casualty rate during the bloody faceoff. According to the report, the… January 20, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The General Officer Commanding (GOC), 7 Division Nigerian Army, Brig-Gen. Victor Ezugwu, has escaped an ambush from the Boko Haram terrorists in northern part of Borno State. This is coming barely 24 hours after the terrorists group engaged the military in a fierce battle that lasted… April 19, 2016 In "Top Stories"