Nigerian international and Super Eagles player, Chidozie Awaziem has welcomed his first child with his girlfriend. The 23-year-old talented footballer, who plies his trade with CD Leganés, a Spanish club, on loan from FC Porto in Portugal, took to his Instagram page to break the good news. The Enugu-born football star accompanied the post with a picture of himself carrying the little baby he named Christel. He also appreciated God for the bundle of joy. “I can’t explain the way I feel right now…thank you God for giving me Christel, Latest dad in town,” he wrote. Awaziem, however, did not disclose any information about the child’s gender or mother. On January 21, the central defender had celebrated a lady, who he described as the “woman in my life,” on his Instagram page on the occasion of her birthday. “After all these years you are still my queen and counting HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the woman of my life,” he had written alongside pictures of the pair. It remain to be seen if she is the mother of the newborn baby. The centre back made his first appearance for the Super Eagles on June 1, 2017 in a 3–0 win over Togo in a friendly match played in Paris. He was included in Gernot Rohr’s 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia – but as an unused player during the tournament. He was also picked for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations. I can't explain the way I feel right now…thank you God for giving me Christel,  Latest dad in town A post shared by  Chidozie Collins Awaziem (@c.awaziem12) on Jul 29, 2020 at 8:26am PDT Source By Victor Okoye   Abuja   -    Former Super Eagles winger, Finidi George, has congratulated the Super Eagles for their 3-0 win against Seychelles in Saturday’s 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying game at the Stade Linite, Victoria. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Gernot Rohr’s men took total… September 9, 2018 In "Sports" Super Eagles midfielder Wilfred Ndidi has announced the arrival of his first child with wife Dinma who he married in May, 2019. The Leicester City star disclosed that the adorable baby girl has been named Jaina as he posted of himself carrying the jewel on his Instagram handle. Ndidi branded… May 16, 2020 In "News" By Justina Auta Abuja - Some fans of music superstar, David Adeleke a.k.a Davido have reacted to the word “wifey’’ in his birthday message to his girlfriend, Chioma Rowland alleging that he had secretly paid her bride price. The singer in 2018 revealed on Twitter that he has been with… April 30, 2019 In "Entertainment"