Many Nigerians yesterday was thrown into mourning when it was announced that one of the much loved radio presenter Emmauella Pobeni Adepolu lost her life after a brief illness. The news of her death was confirmed by TVC Communications owners of TVC and Max FM yesterday afternoon. It is indeed a sad loss not only to the media house but even to a lot of Nigerians who the show have impacted their lives. Iya Jogbo was reported to have died as a result of brief illness from Bronchitis and an enlarged heart. Before her death, Emmanuella Adepoju aired the “Wetin dey” radio show alongside Wale Powpowpow and Obus. She was known for her motherly role while always advising and giving her take on various issues. Like many of her colleague would say, she was the pure epitome of good will and love. She cared for everyone and surely, she died touching the lives of everyone around her. Emmanuella Adepoju did not initially wanted to go into journalism, her main choice of career was Pharmacy but her difficulty when it comes to understanding physics forced her to join the art class. Although she had no luck as she find it very hard to gain admission she later attended the Nigeria institute of journalism on the advice of her mother. She was admitted in 1994 and whilst on internship at radio Lagos, she was spotted and Deji Balogun the former General Manager of LTV8. That was how she started her career in the entertainment and broadcasting industry. She started the “Wetin dey” show in 2004. After delivering her baby she took a break and traveled to the united kingdom where she hoped to stay back. She however has to return to Nigeria following her job letter to commence work at the then LINK FM. She initially acted the “Wetin dey” as Niyi’s mother, Uju’s mother in-law and Tatafo’s grandmother. Although the show has evolved over the last few years, Iya Jogbo was still retained as she continues to air the show alongside comic presenter Wale and Obus. Emmanuella Adepoju is survived by four beautiful children. It is therefore not an unknown sight to see a lot of people weep for her uncontrollably upon the news of her death. Some of her colleague like Wale Pow Pow Pow, Emmanuella, Murphy Ijemba and so many others have all reacted to the shocking news. We pray that God gives her family, friends and loved ones the fortitude to bear the irreplaceable loss. Here are some of the reactions towards the news of her death @EkeVanVictor “My time @Max1023FM was totally worth it because of people like Iya Jogbo who made Radio fun. A mother figure, teacher and friend. The broadcast industry has indeed lost a gem. May God grant the entire TVC Comms family the fortitude to bear this huge loss” @iSlimfit “Iya Jogbo did a great job with the Wetin Dey show together with Wale popo. I am devastated by the news of her death. I pray God grants the family the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss.” @Anthorecord1 “Can’t still stop crying since I hear this sad news about your, dead iya jogbo may your soul continue to Rest in peace,, I will miss you, Nigerians will miss you,” @Demo__UK “I was a fan of Iya jogbo, Helen paul (Tatafo) & Wale Animashaun back then. Even till now when I bump into wetin dey on Radio continental (now MAX FM). Didn’t even know she looked this young. I thought she was actually an old woman. May her beautiful gentle soul rest in peace”. Nigerian singer, Simi, has stormed London for her concert as she gets set to thrill fans with her smooth voice Simi has arrived in London for her concert which is set to hold at the weekend. The singer was all smiles as she was received by SMADE Entertainment representatives at… November 8, 2018 In "Entertainment" Residents of Zaria Road, Sabon Tasha, a poor suburb of Kaduna, have no sympathy for their neighbour from whose house the staggering sum of $9.7million and 74,000 pounds was recovered last week. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, last Friday announced it recovered the money (about N3 billion in total) from… February 15, 2017 In "News" President John Dramani Mahama of Ghana has paid glowing tribute to the late Nigerian doctor, Dr. Ameyo Stella Shade Adadevoh for the role she played in averting an unprecedented epidemic in Nigeria.Adadevoh was the lead medical practitioner at the First Consultant Hospital, Obalende, Lagos, who treated the index Ebola case… August 29, 2014 In "News"