Freetown  –  The three Chinese medical teams in Sierra Leone have extended their one-year stay to help fight against the COVID-19 in the West African Country. “Due to the non-availability of flights and the important role they have been playing in complementing the government of Sierra Leone’s fight against the COVID-19, the three Chinese medical teams, who arrived in June 2019, have decided to continue working to ensure a healthy society,’’ they said. The Chinese medical experts have been working side by side and around the clock with their Sierra Leonean counterparts in detecting, diagnosing and treating COVID-19 cases. “This year is full of challenges as COVID-19 pandemic ravages the world including China and Sierra Leone,’’ Hu Zhangliang, Chinese Ambassador to Sierra Leone, said. Hu added that this year also witnessed even stronger cooperation and closer relations between the two countries as they stand firmly with each other in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/NAN) Femi Falana, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria has asked the federal government to seek help on how to combat the coronavirus outbreak in the country from the Cuban government . According to reports, since the outbreak of the virus, 59 countries are reportedly receiving medical assistance from Cuba. In a… March 25, 2020 In "Foreign" A Chinese plane carrying emergency humanitarian supplies for Sierra Leone arrived in the country's capital Freetown on Monday afternoon, as part of effort to help the country contain the spread of Ebola. The aid materials which were brought by a special chartered flight from China included personal protective gears, gloves… August 12, 2014 In "News" About 100 Nigerian medical workers are expected to arrive in Sierra Leone to help with the response to the outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus. The workers, who include doctors, scientists and hygienists, have been trained by the medical aid agency, MSF. It came a day after residents in the… December 5, 2014 In "News"