Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari has written the Senate to confirm the appointment of Prof. Umar Danbatta as the Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) for a second term of five years. The Senate President, Senator Ahmed Lawal read the letter during plenary today. Part of the letter reads: “I am pleased to present for confirmation by the senate the nomination of Prof. Umar Danbatta as the Executive Vice Chairman of the Governing Board of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) for a second term of five years. “It is my hope that the Senate will confirm the nominee in the usual expeditious manner.Yours Sincerely, President Mohammadu Buhari” The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Pantami, had last month announced the approval of Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari for the reappointment of Prof. Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission for another term of five years. In a statement issued and signed by the Minister’s spokeperson, Uwa Suleiman (Mrs), Pantami stated that the reappointment of Danbatta is based on the country’s efforts to consolidate the gains made in the telecommunications sector in line with the National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy. “In an effort to consolidate the gains made in the telecommunications sector in line with the National Digital Economy Policy and Strategy, President Muhammadu Buhari approved the reappointment of Professor Umar Garba Danbattaas the Executive Vice Chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission,” the statement announced. Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Senate on Thursday confirmed Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta as Executive Vice Chairman (EVC and Chief Executive of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC). According to a statement signed by Mr. Tony Ojobo, director of public affairs of NCC, Dambatta was appointed in acting capacity by President… November 27, 2015 In "News" •Prof Umar Danbatta, EVC of NCC ABUJA - The Arewa Youth Assembly (AYA), a socio-cultural northern group in Nigeria, has rated Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta high in his stewardship as the Executive Vice Chairman (EVC) of the Nigerian Communications Commission since 2015. The group made this known in a statement… April 6, 2020 In "Technology" •Pantami while delivering his inauguration speech ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The  Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, has inaugurated two inter-agency committees with the mandate to review, collate, commission and communicate in local languages Information and Communication Technology (ICT) projects implemented for Nigerians under President Muhammadu… July 1, 2020 In "Technology"