By Joyce Remi-Babayeju Abuja (SundiataPost) – A Nigerian expert in Tuberculosis and infectious diseases, Professor Lovett Lawson died on Monday evening of COVID-19 in quarantine at the National Hospital, Abuja. Professor Lawson, who was the patron of Stop TB Partnership Nigeria and chairman of the Board of Directors of Zankli Medical Centre, Abuja was said to have underlying health conditions which made it difficult for him to recover from the COVID-19 condition. National Hospital spokesman, Dr Tayo Haastrup, confirmed to newsmen in Abuja that Lawson died at the National Hospital but did not confirm if it was from Covid-19 complications on Monday. Stop TB Partnership Nigeria on its social media platform today (Tuesday) had also announced the passing away of Professor Lawson in a message, “With sadness of heart but gratitude to God for a life well spent, we announce the death of our patron – Professor Lovett Lawson. “I can confirm that Prof. Lawson died at the National Hospital today. His loss is a painful one indeed.” Lawson, who was an expert in clinical tropical medicine graduated from the University of Lagos in 1975, later bagged a PhD from the University of Liverpool. Abuja  -  Prof. Lovett Lawson, Board Chairman, Stop Tuberculosis Partnership Nigeria, an NGO, said on Thursday in Abuja that out of the 600,000 cases of tuberculosis recorded annually in Nigeria, children accounted for 60,000. Lawson who spoke at a news conference said that Nigeria ranks third amongst countries with the… January 28, 2016 In "Health" By Ummul Idris Abuja    -      The Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) has dissolved its FCT chapter executive council over alleged corruption. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the development followed an emergency meeting held on Monday in Abuja. Prof. Lovett Lawson, who presided over the emergency… July 10, 2018 In "News" Abuja  -   The Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole, on Tuesday in Abuja, said the Federal Government would provide 1111 gene expert machines, a new diagnosis tool in some selected primary healthcare centres to enhance treatment of tuberculosis (TB). The minister made this known at the National Conference on… May 17, 2016 In "Health"