By Itohan Abara-Laserian Lagos –   First Bank of Nigeria Limited said that its customers using Verve Cards had begun to enjoy extra five (5) litres of fuel for every N3,000 fuel purchased using the card at specified periods. Mrs Folake Ani-Mumuney, Group Head, Marketing & Corporate Communications of the bank, said this in a statement on Tuesday in Lagos. Ani-Mumuney said that the customers were enjoying the benefit under its Free Fuel promotion which kicked-off on July 6. According to her, the Free Fuel promo is activated by FirstBank in collaboration with Verve International and Oando Plc. “In the promo, for a minimum of N3,000 fuel purchase, FirstBank Verve Cardholders will receive 5 extra litres of fuel for FREE instantly at selected Oando Fuel Stations across Lagos every Monday, Tuesday and Thursday. “The Oando fuel stations where the promo will run are Abijo (Lekki Stillwaters), Fola-Agoro, Maryland, Agege-Bypass, Lakowe, Lawanson, Ojodu- Berger, Alapere, Shiro Road (Fadeyi Ikorodu Rd.), Awolowo Rd (by Fire Service), Marina, and Tradefair stations,” she said. She said that the promotion, which ends on July 24, was between the hours of 6am and 6pm. “Verve card is a secure debit card that allows the cardholder to conveniently meet day to day financial needs such as payment for goods and services, airtime recharge, bill payments, funds transfer and more. “It is accepted across all ATMs, POS, Web and Mobile Platforms in Nigeria. Pick up your FirstBank Verve card today at any of our branches and start getting rewarded,” she said. (NAN) By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma Lagos - First Bank of Nigeria, the nation’s premier financial institution, on Friday said that the third edition of its Corporate Responsibility &Sustainability (CR&S) would kick off on July 1 to July 6. The bank said that the week-long activities would take place in the six geopolitical… June 28, 2019 In "Business" By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma   Lagos   -    First Bank of Nigeria (FBN) has attributed its achievements including many awards in 2017 to its steady transformation for excellent service in the financial industry. The bank, in a statement signed by Mrs Folake Ani-Mumuney, the Head, Marketing and Corporate Communications on… January 29, 2018 In "Business" By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma Lagos - Dr Adesola Adeduntan, Chief Executive Officer, First Bank of Nigeria Limited, said the bank remained committed to value creation and effective service delivery to all stakeholders in the years ahead. Adeduntan stated this in Lagos on Saturday during a 125km Relay Walk in commemoration of… March 16, 2019 In "Business"