It has been revealed that Edet Okon Asim, Special Adviser on Biodiversity to Governor Benedict Ayade of Cross River State who slumped and died on Tuesday, July 22, 2020 reportedly raped a 15-year-old girl many times. The teenage girl’s uterus was reportedly damaged while carrying out a third abortion. Asim slumped and died in his car at Eta Agbor in Calabar some days ago. According to Sahara Reporters, Asim was arrested two years ago for raping the 15-year-old girl in the state many times, but was never arraigned in court. It was gathered that Asim allegedly forced the girl to abort three pregnancies. Her uterus reportedly got damaged while carrying out a third abortion. A report by CrossRiverWatch also revealed that the girl’s mother was aware and consented to the illegal relationship between Asim and her daughter because of monetary benefits she was getting from Asim. Although the then-Attorney General of the State, Mr Joe Abang, okayed the trial of Asim and two other suspects, they were never arraigned in any court in the state. “I have since approved the trial of Edet Okon Asim and two of the other suspects. “Our resolve to ascribe probative value to the allegations of the victim that the 1st and 4th suspects sexually molested her and got her pregnant on different occasions is primarily premised on the fact that this is the statement of a witness who is narrating first hand what happened to her. “We are convinced that the victim could not have singled out the suspects for these serious allegations, especially considering the special relationship she had with the first suspect. She is, in our opinion, a witness of truth,” Abang said in 2019. It was gathered that Asim, with the backing of Governor Ayade, successfully buried the case. Ayade reappointed Asim in January 2020 as a Special Adviser on Forestry & Biodiversity. Source Mr Edet Okon Asim, a former commissioner for information in Cross River State, who was appointed special adviser to Governor Ben Ayade on biodiversity, has reportedly slumped inside his car and died, Daily Trust reports. Last year, he was accused of r*ping a maid. The case is still being heard… July 22, 2020 In "News" Brazil - A 13-year-old girl who was sexually abused by her father for four years died while giving birth to his child, police in Brazil have said.   Schoolgirl Luana Ketlen died on December 11 after she was admitted to hospital suffering severe abdominal pains, before medics discovered she was pregnant. … December 31, 2019 In "Foreign" By Joyce Remi-Babayeju ActionAid Nigeria, AAN, a non governmental organization today called on President Muhammadu Buhari to declare a state of emergency on Gender Based Violence, GBV, in the country due to increase in reported cases of rape and killings of women and girls particularly in May 2020.Country Director of… June 3, 2020 In "News"