Linz (Austria)  –   The Austrian state of Upper Austria on Tuesday said it would become the first region to re-introduce mandatory face covering in some public places after a spike in new coronavirus infections. According to the Governor of the state, Thomas Stelzer, from Thursday residents must cover their mouth and nose when entering shops as well as in bars and restaurants when not sitting at a table. Stelzer added that customers would also be asked to leave their contact information on a voluntary basis. Currently there are 427 active infections and 3,000 people in quarantine in Upper Austria, the country’s third largest Federal State with 1.5 million inhabitants. The state’s reproduction number, indicating how many people each coronavirus patient could infect, currently stands at 2.0, compared to 1.37 for the rest of the country. “It is an increase that worries us and of course we cannot watch in idle. “The aim of the re-imposed regulation, which has no time limit at present, is to avoid having to return to a full lockdown. “We hope that it will work,” Stelzer added. Earlier, schools and kindergartens were closed again. After several infections through travellers returning from the West Balkans, the state imposed high travel warnings for that region. (dpa/NAN) Berlin - The measures introduced by Germany to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus are having a measurable effect, but it is too early for an all-clear. The government agency for disease control and prevention said on Friday. For a few days now, a person infected with the new… April 3, 2020 In "Foreign" Berlin - German Chancellor, Angela Merkel and Sweden's Prime Minister, Stefan Lofven, have called for a coordinated and mandatory system for the redistribution of asylum seekers within the European Union (EU). Germany, along with Sweden and Austria, has also requested more help from neighbouring countries to cope with the throngs… September 8, 2015 In "Foreign" LAGOS - The Commercial Counselor of Austrian Embassy in Nigeria, Ms Nella Hengstler, on Friday called on President Muhammadu Buhari to be committed to the fight against corruption. Hengstler told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the government’s ability to reduce corruption would make more Austrian companies… June 12, 2015 In "News"