By Ihechinyere Chigemeri-Uwom Umuahia  –  Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia on Friday sworn in 13 new Permanent Secretaries, with a call on them to discharge their duties without fear or favour and promote the developmental programmes of the state government. Ikpeazu, while speaking at the ceremony in Umuahia, called on the newly sworn in officers to be good ambassadors of Abia, as well as abide by the oath of allegiance they swore to. The governor, who was represented by his deputy, Chief Ude Oko-Chukwu, commended the newly sworn in officers for reaching the climax of their career in the state Civil Service. He said that this was an indication that the officers had maintained a track record of commitment and dedication to duty. Ikpeazu urged the new permanent secretaries to evolve ideas that would encourage growth in their respective ministries and boost the development of the state. Responding on behalf of permanent secretaries, Mrs Caroline Igwe, thanked the state government for finding them fit for the new position, which she described as a call to duty. Igwe said she was confident that they would live up to the government’s expectations and discharge their duties diligently. The names of the other new Permanent Secretaries are; Mr Kelechi Alozie, Mr Ikechi Emelogu, Mr Chukwunonye Okpara, Mr Chianakwalam Egwu, Mr Emea Mba and Mr Ikenna Okoro. Others are; Mr Nwabueze Dike, Mrs Ijeoma Okere, Mrs Joy Nwanju, Mrs Franca Ekwueme, Mr Iheanyichukwu Ubani and Mrs Beatrice Nwaka. (NAN) By Ihechinyere Chigemeri-Uwom Umuahia -  Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has charged the new Head of Service (HoS), Mr Onyi Wamah, to evolve programmes that will make the civil service to be more productive Ikpeazu gave the charge when he swore in Wamah as the sixth HoS of the state… May 11, 2018 In "Politics" By Ihechinyere Chigemeri-Uwom Umuahia, -. Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia has dissolved the state executive council. Mr Enyinnaya Appolos, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, in a statement, said that six out of the 27 commissioners were not affected by the dissolution. He listed them as: Chief Eziuche Ubani,… May 15, 2019 In "News" UMUAHIA - Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia on Tuesday announced the dissolution of the state Executive Council (EXCO) of the former Gov. Theodore Orji administration. Okezie announced this in a statewide broadcast in Umuahia and thanked members of the EXCO ‘’for a job well done over the years''. He directed… June 2, 2015 In "News"