Abuja – Delta Government on Sunday said that the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mr Chiedu Ebie, had been discharged from the Isolation Centre in Asaba, where he was being treated for COVID-19. Mr Olisa Ifeajika, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, disclosed this in a statement in Asaba. He said that Ebie, who had been at the isolation centre for 21 days, was discharged on Sunday after testing negative to the virus. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the SSG, among other persons tested positive for the virus on June 20; and, consequently, was admitted into one of the isolation centres in Asaba. Ifeajika said that Ebie’s discharge brought the number of discharged cases in the state to 583. The governor’s spokesman noted that as at Sunday, Delta had recorded 1,359 confirmed cases of the pandemic, with 745 of them active, while 31 deaths had been recorded. The CPS stated that Ebie thanked Deltans and other Nigerians who had prayed for him and had continued to pray for other patients of the virus, including the members of the First Family of the state. Ifeajika said that the state government was committed to combating the pandemic and urged the citizens to eschew prejudices and indiscipline. According to the spokesman, prejudices and indiscipline are militating against compliance with the COVID-19 protocols in the state. He pointed out that adherence to the directive on the protocols would greatly minimise the spread of the virus in the state. (NAN) •Chiedu Erie (left) and Charles Aniagwu ASABA - The Secretary to the Delta State Government, Chiedu Ebie, and the Commissioner for Information, Charles Aniagwu, have tested positive for Coronavirus Disease. This was made known by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, Olisa Ifeajika, on Sunday. Ifeajika said Ebie… June 21, 2020 In "News" Secretary to the Delta State Government, Chiedu Ebie, and Commissioner for Information, Charles Aniagwu, have both tested positive for Coronavirus, a report by SaharaReporters has shown. Revealing this on Sunday in a statement signed by Olisa Ifeajika, Chief Press Secretary to Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, the two officials showed mild symptoms… June 21, 2020 In "Health" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Mr Wole Oyebamiji, the Secretary to Osun Government (SSG) has tested positive to COVID-19, bringing the total number of infections in the state to 127. Dr Rafiu Isamotu, the State Commissioner for Health Commissioner, who disclosed this in a statement in Osogbo on Tuesday, said… July 1, 2020 In "Health"