Nnia Nwodo, the President-General of Igbo apex socio-political body, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, on Wednesday, described as unfortunate, comments credited to Mamman Daura that the choice of who becomes Nigeria’s President in 2023 should be based on competence and not “turn-by-turn”. Daura, known as an influential powerbroker and nephew of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), had in an interview with BBC Hausa Service on Tuesday, said the most qualified Nigerian should succeed Buhari in 2023, irrespective of the zone such candidate comes from. Daura in the interview which has gone viral alluded that since Nigerians have tried the rotational presidency already, it would be better to go for the most qualified candidate in 2023. But reacting to the report, the Ohanaeze President-General through his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Emeka Attamah, condemned Daura’s comments, noting that it was unfair of him to seek an end to “rotation” after Buhari and the northern region had enjoyed two terms in quick succession. He said, “The truth is that Mamman Daura is not being a fair judge. Then, he didn’t believe rotation should end. Now that he has tasted power through Buhari, rotation can end and the most qualified/competent can be voted in, dis-countenancing that the South East has never tasted what he is drooling in?” Nwodo reminded Daura that the law of equity demands that what is good for the goose is good for the gander. “By the way, who determines the most qualified/competent candidate? Is it as competent as the last one they gave the nation? “It is indisputably the turn of the South, specifically the South East,” he added. (Punch) A few days before it became grist for Nigeria’s overactive social media rumor mills, a retired general and contemporary of Muhammadu Buhari’s told me, in the course of a 30-minute phone conversation, that Mamman Daura, Buhari’s nephew who is nonetheless older than him by three years, had made up his… October 20, 2019 In "Opinion" By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja - Pro-democracy and Economic Watch Group, Guardians of Democracy and Development (GODD) with seven other partners have criticised those plotting the removal of Mr Abba Kyari, the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, describing them as “enemies of Nigeria”. The group which expressed its dissatisfaction… June 28, 2019 In "Politics" By Joseph Jibueze, Robert Egbe, AbdulGafar Alabelewe, Kaduna, Raymond Mordi and Musa Odoshimokhe KADUNA State Governor Nasir El-Rufai came under fire on Monday over his suggestion that zoning of political offices should be de-emphasised. Senior lawyers and rights activists believe that El-Rufai is flying a kite so that the North… August 14, 2019 In "Politics"