Thirteen members of the same family were on Wednesday killed by suspected bandits in an early morning attack in Agudu, a community in Bassa, Kogi/koton-karfe LGA of Kogi State. Kogi Commissioner of Police Ede Ayuba confirmed this to reporters on Wednesday. He added another person was also killed while six persons who sustained varying degree of injuries were evacuated to medical facilities. The CP, who added on receiving the distress call, he immediately moved to the scene, however said the bandits had left the scene before their arrival. He said normally has however been restored to the area. The CP noted the attack could have been triggered by an alleged long communal dispute in the community. He described the attack as unfornate “for a man to lose his life and 12 other members of his immediate family leaving a son as survivor calls for concerns.” He also the killers of Innocent Ofodile, owner of popular Chucks Supermarket in Lokoja, who was killed along the Lokoja-Abuja highway have been arrested. He said one Vincent Omogor was arrested after the incident whose confessions led to the arrest of other cohorts who remain at large carried out the dastardly act. According to Omogor, the gang carried out the killing on the order of one of his shop attendants, who complained of not being attended to when he approached the deceased for financial assistance when his father died. The Nation At least, 21 people were killed as armed bandits attacked Dangara village in Sabon Birni local government of Sokoto State on Wednesday evening. Nigerian Tribune reported that the bloody attack lasted for close to three hours, also left about twenty people injured while foodstuffs, cows and other animals were also… April 3, 2020 In "News" By Habibu Harisu   Sokoto   -     Sokoto State Police Command on Monday confirmed eight deaths in a clash that ensued between armed bandits and local vigilante members in Isa Local Government Area of Sokoto State. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, DSP Cordelia Nwawe, told newsmen that at… June 12, 2018 In "News" By Friday Idachaba   Ogane-Enigu (Kogi) - Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi on Saturday said that government would set up a judicial panel of inquiry to unravel the immediate and remote causes of the March 14 herdsmen/farmers clash that claimed several lives in Ogane-Enigu. Bello disclosed this while addressing troops… March 17, 2018 In "News"