The Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Buratai, has kicked against any move by politicians to reconcile with the bandits, stressing that, “the Army will not reconcile with them”. Addressing Zamfara journalists in Faskari town of Katsina State very close to Zamfara State on Wednesday, Buratai said, the Army would squarely face and kill the notorious bandits if they failed to surrender but ruled out the possibility of negotiating with them. “We will make sure that we fight against banditry and other forms of criminal activities in all parts of the country but no reconciliation, as such I am calling on the bandits and other criminals to surrender and embrace peace.” Buratai also debunked claims that the Army has failed in the fight against insurgency, explaining that the Army is doing its best. He maintained that a substantial number of both Boko Haram members and the bandits were neutralized by the Army within the last few months, adding that, “Very soon, we will get rid of all forms of criminalities in the country”. Buratai commended the military for their untiring efforts in the fight against insurgency, calling on the people in the country to support them in order to achieve the desired objective. (Punch) By Johnson Eyiangho   Riyom (Plateau)    -     The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai has charged troops of `Operation Safe Haven’ to be aggressive and decisive in dealing with armed bandits and other criminal elements operating on the Plateau. Buratai said a situation whereby innocent citizens were waylaid, abducted… September 18, 2018 In "News" By Mohammad Tijjani Birnin Gwari (Kaduna State) -   The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt-Gen Tukur Buratai, on Monday said the Army would end the wanton killings and destruction of properties in Birnin Gwari and environs. Buratai gave the assurance  during  the flag-off the 2 Battalion Forward Operation Base… May 15, 2018 In "News" By Johnson Eyiangho Gusau - Gov. Bello Mohammed of Zamfara has appealed to the Nigerian Army to deploy more troops on the Gusau-Sokoto road to check activities of bandits for socio-economic activities to thrive on the route. The governor made the appeal on Tuesday when he received the Chief of… June 5, 2019 In "News"