By Chibuuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  In view of the obvious gaps in some areas of our human life as a nation and the quest to fill these gaps to serve humanity better and meet human needs, AIG Dr  Charles Ugomuoh (rtd) has launched “Charles  Ugomuoh Foundation. The Foundation According to him, is born out of guarded study that deals with Good governance, Humanitarian Services, Health and Education in a purely Democratic settings that upholds the Rule of Law, Human Right of the citizens, Equal Opportunity and Protection of the less privileged in the society. The foundation is deeply committed to Good Governance principles driven by constitutionalism with the people at the centre, he said. In the words of  Dr Ugomuoh, “The foundation is Top class in Good Governance initiative that is Transparent, Transformative, Accountable, Responsive and Compassionate building synergy with other Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) through Advocacy and support for good Government indices at all Tiers of Government – Federal, states and Local Government Councils. “Humanitarian services, Health and Education as major planks of the Foundation in area of good Governance will involve strategic engagement through Advocacy, Information and Education (ICE) and partnership with relevant stakeholders Viz: Government Ministry and Agencies (MDAs), Non- Governmental Organizations (NGOs) both Local and Foreign, International Partners and Communities Providing Relief materials/Palliatives to victims of Natural and man-made Disasters and Internally Displaced persons (IDPs) estimated to above 2.6 Million people living in displaced as at DEC. 2019. Gaps in the Government Ecosystems in the Areas of Poor Human Capital Development leading to Nigeria poor performance in the Human Capital Development Index will form areas of focus that has given birth to Charles Ugomuoh FoundationCUGFOUNDATION. The Foundation parades personalities with intimidating credentials and have dinstinguished themselves in their chosen fields of human endeavor. These reputable Nigerians are: 1. AIG DR CHARLES UGOMUOH, DVM, MSc, MCVSN, psc. TRUSTEE CHAIRMAN. A Retired Assistant Inspector General of Police, an Astute Administrator, a Tchnocrat, A Public Security Expert and a former Senatorial Candidate in the 2019 General Election in Nigeria. 2. Prof. G U Owoh, Phd, FCA. TRUSTEE. A technical adviser to the leadership of Nigeria’s Monetary policy and currently a consultant to the leadership of the National Assembly and other agencies of Government in Nigeria. 3. DR. MIKE KANAYOCHUKWU NWANERI, DVM, MBA, FICAN TRUSTEE Worked for the Federal Government of Nigeria attaining the position of Coordinating Director/Head Nigeria Agriculture Quarantine Services on retirement. 4. DR. JOEL OGADOH IDOKO. MBBS, MBA, PGDM, MPH. TRUSTEE. Retired from the Nigerian Police Force Medical Services as a Deputy Commissioner of Police, A health Management Practitioner and Hospital Administrator of repute. 5. Barr. Maxwell Opara Esq. TRUSTEE and a legal Adviser A positive force and Human Right Activist. He is an Abuja based Legal Practioner and the Principal Partner Maxwell Opara and Associates. 6. Ms. Shirely Amarachi Ugomnoh (B.Tech) Project Management and Secretary of BOT. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Retired Assistant Inspector (AIG) of Police, Dr. Charles Ugomuoh, a retired Assistant Inspector-General of Police (AIG) and former senatorial candidate, has advised the Imo State governorship candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Senator Hope Uzodinma and Action Alliance (AA), Uche Nwosu to… March 23, 2019 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) -  Imo State Governor-elect, Hon. Emeka Ihedioha, on Monday named a former Minister of Aviation, Dr. (Mrs) Kema Chikwe former Chief Financial Officer of Zenith Bank Plc, Sir Stanley Amuchie into a 139-member Technical Transition Committee that will prepare the ground for a smooth take-off of his… April 1, 2019 In "Top Stories" Call him a man without blemish and you won’t be wrong, the Imo east senatorial candidate of the Accord party, AIG (rtd) Dr. Charles Ugomuoh is a leader and administrator per excellence who rose to the management position in Nigerian Police Force. In this exclusive interview with the Sundiata Post… December 13, 2018 In "Interview"