Paris – Paris St-Germain (PSG) forward Kylian Mbappe’s ankle sprain injury will be reassessed in three days’ time, the Ligue 1 champions said on Saturday. Mbappe suffered an ankle sprain in Friday’s French Cup final win over St Etienne. A rough tackle from Loic Perrin saw the St Etienne defender catch Mbappe on the ankle and the 21-year-old collapsed on the pitch in pain before he was substituted. Perrin was sent off for the challenge as PSG won 1-0. “Serious right ankle sprain to the external lateral compartment. To be re-evaluated in 72 hours with clinical and ankle imaging analysis,” the club said of Mbappe’s injury in a statement. Mbappe returned to the bench on crutches after half-time. He later told French President Emmanuel Macron during the trophy ceremony that he heard a crack when he was tackled but did not think he had broken his ankle. Ligue 1 champions PSG did not say if Mbappe will feature in Friday’s French League Cup final against Olympique Lyonnais. The Parisians are chasing a quadruple of titles this season. They also face Italian side Atalanta in a UEFA Champions League quarter-final single leg knockout game in Lisbon on Aug. 12. (Reuters/NAN) Neymar Jr., the world’s most expensive footballer, was stretchered off 10 minutes from time at the Parc des Princes on Sunday night as Paris Saint-Germain beat Marseille 3-0 and opened up a 14-point lead in Ligue 1. The 26-year-old was on his own when he innocuously rolled his ankle and… February 26, 2018 In "Sports" Paris - Two goals from Kylian Mbappe allowed Paris St Germain to come from behind to beat Caen 2-1 on Saturday and stretch their lead in Ligue 1 to 20 points. The French champions were made to work for the three points after Casimir Ninga put the home side in… March 2, 2019 In "Sports" Pari - Paris St-Germain (PSG) extended their Ligue 1 lead to 13 points with a 4-3 home victory against Girondins de Bordeaux on Sunday. But it was a match in which the French champions were again exposed at the back and had Neymar sent off. A Marquinhos double, Edinson Cavani’s… February 24, 2020 In "Sports"