By Ibukun Emiola IBADAN – Oyo State Government says it has cancelled third term for the 2019/2020 school session as promotion of students for all affected classes will now be determined by first and second term continuous assessments. Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye, the state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, announced the decision after the State Executive Council meeting in Ibafan on Tuesday. He said the state government has also approved the academic calendar to guide resumption of schools and other associated educational activities for the 2020/2021 session in the state. According to the commissioner, Pry-6, JSS-3 and SSS-3 students will proceed on holiday from July 30 and resume for their examination as would be announced. He said Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) would hold between August 10 to 18. The commissioner added that: “Competitive Entrance Examination into the Schools of Science- 19th August. “Placement/Screening Test to JSS one- 20th August. “Placement Test into Technical Colleges- 28th August. “The SSS-3 will resume for their Examination as soon as WAEC announce the date.” He said the 2020/21 academic session, as approved by the State Council, is: “First Term- 21th September to 18th December. “Second Term- 11th January to 9th April 2021. “Third Term- 3rd May to 30th July 2021.” The commissioner enjoined all stakeholders and members of the public to take note of the details of the academic calendar. (NAN) By Stanley Nwanosike   Enugu    -      Enugu State Government says it will henceforth set unified promotion examination for each class in all public and private primary and secondary schools within its domain. The Commissioner for Education, Prof. Uchenna Eze, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday that the… July 20, 2018 In "News" By Fatima Mohammed-Lawal     Ilorin   -     The Kwara Government has postponed the State Entrance Examination for Public Junior and Senior Secondary Schools that was slated from Saturday, June 16 to Saturday, June 23. Hajiya Bilikis Oniyangi, the Kwara Commissioner for Education and Human Capital Development disclosed this in Ilorin… June 12, 2018 In "News" In part one of this piece, we advanced the position that schools should resume for examination classes in primary 6, JS 3, and SS3, as against the position of the Federal Government that the time is not yet safe to reopen schools. We ended the piece with the question: ‘so… July 17, 2020 In "Opinion"