The police has arrested a man for shooting at a mother and son after he became upset with the pair for failing to observe ‘social distancing’ amid the COVID-19 pandemic. 47-year-old Douglas Marks from Miami confronted the woman and her son in the lobby of the Crystal Beach Suites in Miami Beach on Monday evening, According to the affidavit, Marks told Veronica Pena and her son who were visiting Miami Beach from New Mexico: ‘You aren’t social distancing.’ He then asked them to leave the hotel before bringing out a black firearm which he shot ‘several’ times in the lobby. No one was injured in the shooting but Marks was later arrested by Miami Beach police. One witness, who spoke to Local10 but chose to remain anonymous said: ‘He tried to shoot the girl and the kid.’ Marks has allegedly confessed to the shooting but told detectives that he fired his weapon because he was being followed, and asked the front desk to call 911. As of Tuesday night, Marks remained in custody at the Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center, Local10 said. He faces several charges following the incident, including aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and discharging a firearm in public. Source The Police Command in Kano on Tuesday confirmed it had arrested 30 youths allegedly involved in a football match in defiance to the lockdown order imposed on the state to contain the spread of the Coronavirus virus. Mr Abdullahi Haruna, the Commands’ spokesman, made the disclosure in an interview with… April 22, 2020 In "News" Muslim faithful in some parts of the country yesterday ignored the directive by the various state governments on social distancing in order to curtail the spread of COVID- 19 as they thronged the mosques enmass to observe the juma’at prayers. This happened in Kano, Yola and Ughelli in Delta state.… April 4, 2020 In "News" •Funke Akindele LAGOS - The Lagos State Police Command has arrested Funke Akindele for hosting a party in contravention of the lockdown order in Lagos State, The PUNCH can confirm. The Lagos State Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, told The PUNCH that the actress had been taken to the State… April 5, 2020 In "News"