By Abiodun Esan Ilorin  –  Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has commiserated with a former governor of the state, Chief Cornelius Adebayo, over the death of his daughter, Mrs Diekolola Osa-Avielele. The governor expressed his condolences in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Rafiu Ajakaye, on Sunday in Ilorin. “The governor shares in the pain and quiet moment of His Excellency, the former Governor and his family over the loss of his darling daughter. “On behalf of his family, government and people of Kwara State, the Governor commiserates with the Adebayos,” the statement said. It urged the Adebayo family to take solace in the Good Lord at this time and always. “The Governor prays the Almighty to grant Diekola eternal rest and give the family the fortitude to bear the loss,” it added. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Adebayo was elected governor of Kwara in October 1983 on the platform of the defunct Unity Party of Nigeria (UPN) Adebayo and other civilian governors were removed from office on Dec. 31, 1983 following a military coup. (NAN) Omu-Aran (Kwara) -  The Omu-Aran Traditional Council of Chiefs in Irepodun Local Government Area of Kwara on Friday says it received the news of the death of Retired Brig.-Gen. David Bamigboye with shock and disbelief. Chief Jide Adebayo, the Eesa of Omu-Aran, who spoke on behalf of the Chiefs and… September 21, 2018 In "News" ILORIN - The Speaker, Kwara State House of Assembly, Mr Rasaq Atunwa, has described the death of the first civilian governor of Kwara S, Alhaji Adamu Attah, as a great loss to Kogi, Kwara and Nigeria. Atunwa said this in llorin on Friday in a condolence message signed by his… May 2, 2014 In "News" By Usman Aliyu Ilorin - A former governor of Kwara, Chief Cornelius Adebayo,  has urged  the incoming government of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to ensure that the state was returned to the  path of honour through  rapid human and infrastructural development. Adebayo gave the admonition in an interview with… March 13, 2019 In "Politics"