By Abdullahi Mohammed Dutse –   The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Jigawa on Friday stressed the need for its caretaker committees at the grassroots level to strengthen the party’s unity. Alhahi Isah Mungadi, the state Caretaker Committee Chairman, made the appeal while inaugurating the caretaker committee chairmen of the 27 Local Government chapters in Dutse. According to him, the nomination of the caretaker committee members is based on the party’s constitutional provision, coupled with their track-record as committed and loyal members. The chairman, who is also former speaker Kebbi State House of Assembly, said the committee is expected to pilot the affairs of the party for three months, pending the conduct of the party’s congress. Mungadi mandated the chairmen to inaugurate other members of the caretaker committee at their respective localities. He explained that the party deliberately refused to invite other members of the committee for the inauguration at party’s headquarters in order to reduce crowd, being part of the measures in the fight against the spread of coronavirus. The chairman urged all leaders and members of the party in the state to continue to work together as a family in order strengthen the party at the grassroots. (NAN) Tenure Extension: PDP Hold Non-elective Convention August 12 July 18, 2017 In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja  -  The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Executive Committee (NAN) has fixed the party’s non-elective national convention for Aug. 12, in Abuja. Mr Dayo Adeyeye, the National Publicity Secretary of PDP National Caretaker Committee, announced the decision after the NEC meeting held on Tuesday in Abuja.… July 19, 2017 In "Politics" Aliyu, Ohakim back chairman’s ouster •North rejects Jonathan as BoT chair •President backs moves to revive party The agitation for resignation of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) National Chairman, Mallam Adamu Muazu, has polarised the party’s governors. Several PDP Northern governors have thrown their lot with the embattled party boss. Championing his exit… May 10, 2015 In "News"