A 31-year-old man identified as Musa Abubakar has been apprehended by the Rivers state police command after he confessed to raping his nine-year-old stepdaughter anytime his wife refuses to have sex with him. Abubakar who is from Jigawa state but resides in Rupokwu in Obio Akpor Local Government Area in Rivers state, told newsmen when he was paraded on Wednesday, July 22, that he decided to rape his stepdaughter as his wife always complained of weakness and refused to have sex with him. Narrating her ordeal in the hands of her stepfather, the victim said Abubakar started defiling her at the age of four by sticking a finger in her private part, adding that she was too afraid to tell her mother because the first time she did, the mother beat her up. “I told my mother the truth and I was examined by neighbours before the matter was reported to the Police,” the victim stated Confirming the incident, the spokesperson of the state police command, Nnamdi Omoni, said Abubakar will be charged to court as soon as investigations are over. Source A father has been apprehended after he allegedly defiled his step-daughter in Rivers state.   A man has been arrested and detained in Rivers state by the police for defiling his 9 year old step daughter. According to activisit, Harrison Gwamnishu who effected the arrest, he said the suspect who resides in… August 7, 2019 In "Metro" The people of Gaya town in Kano have been reeling from shock since detectives from Homicide Section of Kano State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) of the State Police Command, arrested 25-year-old Mohammed Musbahu on the charge of filicide, the deliberate act of a parent killing his child. Musbahu, a messenger… January 11, 2020 In "Metro" Edo - A man who had carnal knowledge of his step-daughter with the knowledge of the girl's mother has been arrested.  The Edo state police command have arrested a 49-year-old man simply identified as Mr Raphael, for repeatedly raping his 15-year-old stepdaughter with the approval of his lover who is… September 6, 2019 In "Metro"