ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has called on members of the public to discountenance reports of a possible fire outbreak from a vandalised point on its pipeline at Aboru Canal in Alimosho Local Government Area of Lagos State, saying that the there is no such hazard as the line in question has since been shut down for repairs and presently contains only water.The corporation, in a release by its Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, explained that the Atlas Cove – Mosimi stretch of the System 2B Pipeline was shut down on 25 June 2020, to enable comprehensive maintenance of some segments of the pipeline. The NNPC said the repair work was on the last stage of completion which involves hydro-testing – a process of pumping of water through the entire pipeline for integrity test and leak detection – to ascertain availability of the pipeline for pumping products. The corporation noted that following a report from the dedicated patrol team about a leakage at a point in the Aboru Canal this morning, water pumping was suspended immediately at 09:27hrs to enable the maintenance team effect necessary repairs.The NNPC urged residents of the affected community to remain calm as there is no possibility of a fire erupting from the leakage point. Lagos - The Manager, Corporate Affairs, Pipelines and Products Marketing Company (PPMC), Mr Nasir Imodagbe says officials of the company are yet to reach the scene of the pipeline explosion in Arepo, Ogun state. Imodagbe disclosed this in a telephone interview with the News. Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday… July 23, 2015 In "News" Abuja -The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), said it had repaired the System 2B Pipeline, which was breached on July 21 at Arepo, in Ogun. This information is contained in a statement issued on Wednesday in Abuja and signed by the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division NNPC, Mr… July 29, 2015 In "News" By Edith Ike-Eboh Abuja, April 30, 2019 (NAN) The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), on Tuesday said that repairs on the Escravos–Lagos gas pipelines had been completed. The Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division of the Corporation, Mr Ndu Ughamadu  told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that… April 30, 2019 In "News"