Foremost Nigerian actor, Oludotun Baiyewu Jacobs aka Olu Jacobs remains golden at 78 on the movie scene. The actor who has been off-the-screen for a while turns 78-year-old today, Saturday, July 11. Jacobs has many things to be thankful for after he was rumoured to have died. To prove he is active, the veteran has been using his unique talent to intrigue and delight the public. With his unique humour, Jacobs takes time to engage fans on Instagram by sharing motivational content. In an interview with The Nation in 2015, the iconic actor once said that he enjoys acting. “I enjoy what I do very much. And I have still got the physical power. My staying power has been my energy, both physical and mental, as well as the passion for the job. Also, there are still uncle and grand-dad characters to play.” Having starred in over 150 Nollywood movies and several internationally, fans are yet to get enough of the sterling actor on the screens. For his brilliance, Jacobs has won several awards including African Movie Academy Award for Best Actor in Leading Role in 2007, Industry Merit Award for outstanding achievements in acting at the 2013 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards. AMAA conferred its Lifetime Achievement Awards on him in 2016. The Nation Following unending question as to what Nigerian actors earn vis-a-vis their lifestyles, eelive.ng ’s AKINSETAN AKINRELE looks at some of the finest thespians around and what it costs filmmakers to engage them. The dynamics, notwithstanding, may vary the quoted figures below, but this report keeps in bracket the minimum artiste’s… March 25, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Joshua Olomu Abuja -   The Association of Movie Producers (AMP) and the Actors Guild of Nigeria (AGN) has congratulated veteran Nollywood Actor, Olu Jacobs as he turns 75 on Tuesday. Mr Sunny-Ken Awoji, the Vice Chairman of AMP Abuja chapter, in an interview with the News Agency of… July 11, 2017 In "Entertainment" Same-sex marriage is still a crime in Nigeria and one celeb who thinks it remains absurd to be involved in such union is Gideon Okeke as he calls out designer, Marc Jacob over the act. The former reality TV star turned actor made his grievance known on Tuesday, April 9,… April 10, 2019 In "Entertainment"