The Supreme Court on Tuesday dismissed the appeal filed by a governorship aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party in Bayelsa State, Timi Alaibe, challenging the emergence of Governor Duoye Diri as the party’s candidate in the last year’s election. A five-man panel of the apex court led by Justice Olabode Rhodes-Vivour dismissed the appeal. Alaibe’s lawyer, Chief Ifedayo Adedipe, withdrew the appeal after the panel members pointed his attention to the fact that the issues raised in the appeal were not about the primary election but about an internal affair of the party. Alaibe, who had lost the suit at both the Federal High Court in Owerri and the Port Harcourt Division of the Court of Appeal, had in the suit challenged the participation of two delegates who voted in the primary that produced Diri as the party’s candidate. In the preliminary inquiry preceding the hearing on Tuesday, the Justice Rhodes-Vivour panel informed Adedipe that his case could not be categorised as a pre-election case that a court could entertain but about an internal affair of the party which the court lacked jurisdiction to hear. Adedipe then withdrew the suit and was struck out by the court. Source By Victor Nwachukwu Owerri - A Federal High Court sitting in Owerri on Tuesday dismissed a suit challenging the emergence of Sen. Duoye Diri as governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) at the Sept. 3, 2019 governorship primaries. In his judgement, Justice Tijjani Ringim said that Diri, who… March 10, 2020 In "Politics" •Timi Alaibe YENAGOA - A former managing director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NNDC), Mr. Timi Alaibe, has turned into a beautiful bride overnight for the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Bayelsa State following Friday’s swearing in of Senator Douye Diri as governor. Alaibe is being seriously courted by… February 16, 2020 In "Politics" According to The Nation, the drama in Bayelsa State is not yet over. Barely few hours after he emerged as the new governor of Bayelsa State, Sen. Douye Diri faces another battle, which may threaten his mandate. He has a new date with his arch-rival, Timi Alaibe, who has asked… February 15, 2020 In "Politics"