Abuja – The Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, Most Rev. Adewale Martins on Sunday warned all parents against negative declarations to their children, as every word shaped their behaviour. The Archbishop, who gave the warning during the online Sunday Service, urged Christians to learn to pray with the word of God. “The words of the parents matter to the children. You must be careful what you say to your children. “What you say to your children shapes their behaviour. There is much power in words,” he said. He also said that if any negative word had been said to a child, a parent must always reverse the word so it would not reflect on the child. The Archbishop advised Christians to learn to always pray with the word of God, saying that there was power in His words. “If the words of parents have so much power in the children, then how much more God’s words. “There is power in the word of God. Look at what the word of God is saying to you personally. “In His generous ways, God makes His words available to anyone. His words has the power to enter anyone or anywhere,” he said. While talking about the rainy season, the Archbishop pleaded with everyone not to block the drainage. He also appealed to the relevant authorities to do their best in clearing the drainage so that flooding would be less if not averted. Martins advised Christians to always approach the scriptures with faith and humility, saying that with this, hope was assured in Him. (NAN) By Josephine Obute and Clara Egbogota Lagos - The Archbishop of Lagos, Adewale Martins,  on Saturday  urged the Catholic faithful to promote unity rather than division among  the various ethnic groups in the country. He gave the advice at the end of  the 2019 edition of the annual Lagos Archdiocesan… March 17, 2019 In "News" By Mercy Obojeghren Asaba  -   Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Sunday appealed to Nigerians to guide against provocative utterances that could lead to war, but continue to pray for the peace and unity of the country. Okowa made the call at a thanksgiving service to mark the second… June 11, 2017 In "News" Onitsha (Anambra) - The Catholic Archbishop of Onitsha, Most Rev. Valerian Okeke, has called on parents to enroll their children in music classes to facilitate the development of their intellectual capacity. Speaking at the 2015 Music Cantata of the Archbishop Valerian Okeke Music Academy in Onitsha, Anambra on Monday, Okeke… August 24, 2015 In "News"