Popular Billionaire oil magnate, Prince Arthur Eze aka Arthur 1000 has said that the Igbos will remain loyal and continue supporting President Buhari for his “tremendous provision of economic and infrastructural facilities” in the South-East since he assumed office in 2015. In a statement released by his media aide, Oliver Okpala, Eze said Igbos have benefitted massively from the Buhari-led administration. According to him, projects such as the 2nd Niger Bridge, the Akanu Ibiam International Airport and the creation of zonal police headquarters (zone 13) at Ukpo Dunukofia in Anambra State, attests to the fact that Igbos have benefitted immensely from the present administration. The statement in part reads; “President Mohammadu Buhari and the Inspector General of Police have demonstrated uncommon goodwill towards the people of the South-East geopolitical zone and should now rest assured of our unalloyed support and loyalty. The modernisation and uplifting of the Akanu Ibiam Airport to an international standard with modern runway and facilities that can compete favourably with any airport in any part of the world, is another step worthy of commendation. The concern of the South-East zone in terms of security, protection of lives and property has been tackled head on by the President Citing a new police zonal headquarters as zone 13 at Ukpo, Dunukofia, in the Awka Capital Territory of Anambra State is a feat that has shown clearly that the President is man of the moment for the Igbo and the entire South-East.” Source Recently, Prince Arthur Eze’s name has appeared in the news once more, as he lost the lawsuit to a British couple for pulling out of a house deal. As a result, he had to pay them £1 million in damages. This astounding amount begs the question: what is Arthur Eze… February 27, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Douglas Okoro Abakaliki - Chief Egwu Chima, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ebonyi, has urged the Igbos to support the re-election bid of President Muhammadu Buhari. Chima, also a former Commissioner for Information and State Orientation in Ebonyi, made the appeal in an interview with… January 18, 2019 In "News" •Prince Arthur Eze By Chinwe UgwuThe English cleric, theologian and evangelist, John Wesley once said: "Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you can. To all the people you… July 16, 2019 In "Features"