By Chimezie Anaso Awka  – Mr Valentine Ozigbo, immediate past President and Chief Executive Officer of Transnational Corporation of Nigeria (TRANSCORP) has described Mr Peter Obi as a leader per excellence. Obi, the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) Vice presidential candidate in the 2019 elections marks his 59th birthday on Monday. Ozigbo, a stalwart of PDP in Anambra also described the former Anambra governor as an extraordinary Nigerian whose contributions to national development formed part of the country’s recent history. He said the history of modern Nigerian politics would not be complete without a copious mention of the gallant contributions of Obi. “Okwute, as he’s fondly called by his admirers, is a leader par excellence. He brought meaning to governance in Nigeria and proved that public money could be used for public good. “As a lover of excellence, I and my family wish to identify with Okwute Ndigbo on this auspicious occasion of his 59th birthday,” Ozigbo said. He said Nigerian political leaders had a lot to learn from Obi’s single-minded approach to governance and steer the country to the desired course. “We wish this exceptional son of Anambra a very happy birthday,” Ozigbo said. The News Agency of NIgeria (NAN) reports that Obi was a two-term governor of Anambra between 2006 and 2014. (NAN) ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former President Goodluck Jonathan has congratulated the vice-presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and former Governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi on the occasion of his 58th birthday. In goodwill message he personally signed, the former President described Obi as a man of… July 19, 2019 In "News" ONITSHA -  The former Governor of Anambra, Mr. Peter Obi, On Tuesday formally defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). Obi declared his defection while hosting some top notchers of the PDP in the South-East, led by the Deputy Senate President, Sen. Ike… October 8, 2014 In "News" AWKA - The immediate past governor of Anambra State, Mr Peter Obi, has called on Nigerians not to place adverts for him in the media as he turns 53 on July 19. Obi made the call when he spoke with newsmen in Awka on Monday. He said the current situation… July 14, 2014 In "News"