How much pain can a man take? My dear Henrietta Ukaigwe, our one and only “Worldwide”, why have you left us? Why have you embarked on that journey from which there is no return? Why have you left this big hole in my heart? On the very morning you left us, I was going through old photos and my eyes settled on a photograph of you, microphone in hand, standing in front of my wife and I. It was our wedding day and you had mobilised the sports crew of Minaj Broadcast International(MBI) TV to record the occasion for broadcast later. You had done so without my asking and you asked for nothing in return. That was the stuff you were made of – selfless, loving, caring and self-effacing. Once you made someone your friend, you also made that person your sibling and your child. You loved that person, cherished him or her and did everything possible to ensure that person was comfortable. You had a disarming smile and laughter that was infectious. With you there was no pretence; everyone knew where you stood on issues. Oh, God, why did you leave, my friend? Why? Memories of our time on the sports beat come intruding as I write this. You were a thoroughbred journalist and a passionate lover of football especially women’s football to which you dedicated decades of love and care. My involvement in, and love for the women’s game was strengthened by your passion for it. Who would forget how every year for several years, you and my brothers, Emma Njoku, Dapo Sotuminu, Cajetan Nkwopara, Tonnie Okpara, Harry Awurumibe, and Caroline Nwankwo, and others, organised and funded a grassroots football tournament for young girls and national league players under the aegis of the Female Football Interest Group (FFIG), which you and these wonderful guys founded to advance the cause of women’s football? That tournament not only prepared the league players for the league season, it also shot many unknown young girls into national reckoning with many of them going on to play for our various national teams. No Nigerian living or dead has done more for the women’s game in Nigeria than you. Many may not know this because you did not crave attention. No, that was not your style. You preferred to work silently building up our young female footballers, mentoring them, defending and protecting them from the many wolves disguised as football administrators. I will miss you, my dear friend and sister. You lived a good life; you spread love, laughter and sunshine. Women’s football in Nigeria is better today than it was many years ago because you laboured to make it so, first as a journalist, and later as an administrator with National Women’s League. The legion of young ladies you helped nuture into world class players spread all over the world will not forget your labour of love for the women’s game. I, your friend and brother to whom you gave pure undiluted friendship, will not forget you. Farewell, dear Worldwide; may heaven receive you with joy. •Source: Facebook ABUJA - The national senior women team, the Super Falcons, will on Friday, April 4 engage the national under-17 male team, the Golden Eaglets, in a friendly match. A statement from the Falcons' Media Officer, Gracious Akujobi, on Thursday in Abuja said the match is in preparation for their African… April 3, 2014 In "Sports" Eighty-year-old Southern Kaduna woman, Martina Sarki, was allegedly shot by Fulani herdsmen when invaders stormed her home at Gonan-Rogo during an attack that claimed the life of her daughter-in-law, who left a five-year-old child behind. She tells GODWIN ISENYO on her hospital bed that all she could say was ‘Jesus… June 7, 2020 In "Metro" For almost a decade, popular actor, Kingsley Ogbonna aka Dauda, has been off-screen as he is currently studying Law at the Abia State University. He is also special adviser on Arts, Culture and Tourism to the governor of Abia State, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu. Dauda, who for many years serenaded television… April 25, 2020 In "Interview"