Following the resignation of Ifedayo Abegunde as the Secretary to the Ondo State Government, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu on Monday announced the appointment of Temitayo Oluwatuyi as the new SSG in the state. The governor disclosed this via his verified Twitter handle saying the appointment is with immediate effect. “Today, I announced the appointment of Hon. Temitayo Oluwatuyi “Tukana” as the Secretary to the State Government (SSG) to resume immediately following the resignation of Hon. Ifedayo Abegunde,” Akeredolu wrote. The PUNCH had reported that Abegunde resigned on Monday and tendered and directed his resignation letter to Akeredolu.  The letter titled ‘Letter of Resignation Effective 6th July 2020’ read, “I, Hon. Ifedayo Sunday Abegunde, the Secretary to the State Government of Ondo State hereby tender my letter of resignation. “I want to thank Mr Governor for giving me the opportunity to serve the Government and people of Ondo State. “Again, my family and I wish Mr Governor quick recovery.” (Punch) By Segun Giwa Akure -  The Ondo State Government has concluded plans to partner with World Bank and the Federal Government on ‘Livestock Productivity and Resilience Project.’ Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu made the disclosure on Tuesday in Akure during a courtesy visit by a delegation of the World Bank team. The… July 17, 2018 In "Business" By Ayodeji Alabi Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has relieved three of his commissioners of their duties and subsequently nominated five other people as commissioner designates. This was contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Akure on Tuesday by Mr Olusegun Ajiboye, the Chief Press… June 18, 2019 In "News" BY Muftau Adediran Akure - The Ondo State Government has pledged to provide the enabling environment required to encourage investment with a view to developing the nation’s capital market. Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu made the pledge on Friday in Akure while declaring open the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) one-day enlightenment… January 25, 2019 In "News"