By Ruth Oketunde  Batsari (Kastina)  –  The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Friday, distributed relief materials to victims of bandit attacks in Batsari Local Government Area of Katsina State. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the people of the Local Government Area, had in recent times, been victims of bandit attacks. AVM Muhammadu Mohammed, Director General, NEMA, while delivering the items, said the Federal Government sent the items to cushion the effects, the attacks had on the people. Muhammed, who was represented by Mr Godwin Tepikor, Assistant Director Relief and Rehabilitation, NEMA, charged officials that will be in charge of the distribution, to do so with utmost transparency and fairness to all victims of the attack. “I am here to convey the sympathy of the Federal Government to our citizens who are victims of the unfortunate banditry attack of Wednesday 29th July 2020 in Garin Zaki, Yar Jiba, Salihawr Dakamna, Kukar Samu and Kurmiyal communities of Batsari Local Government Area, Katsina State. “It is sad that this came few days before the Eid-el-Kabir celebration when our people were already in festive mood to observe one of the great religious lessons of Islam. “Preliminary report on the sad incidence indicate that many of the affected persons have lost their belonging, including households items, foods and livestock. “It is on this note that President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR directed the Honourable Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq to activate the National Emergency Management Agency to provide soccour to you,” he said. Mr Babaginda Hassan, Director, Administration and Supply, Katsina State Emergency Management Agency, while receiving the items on behalf of the state government, commended the Federal Government for his concern for the people and assured of its judicious distribution. Alhaji Tukur Muazu, District Head of Batsari, appreciated the Federal Government for the kind gesture and assured that the items will get to the intended beneficiary. NAN reports that the items distributed include; 1000 bags of 12.5 kg rice, 1000 bags of 25 kg beans, 1000 bags of 12.5 kg maize, 50 cartons of Milo, 50 cartons of powdered milk, 50 bags of 50 kg Sugar, 167 cartons of seasoning, 83 cartons of tin tomatoes and 2, 000 pieces of blankets. Others are 2, 000 pieces of nylon mats, 2, 000 pieces of foam mattresses, 100 kegs of 20 litres of vegetable oil, 50 bags of 20 kg salt, 50 cartons of omo detergents, 63 cartons of bath soap, 3,500 pieces of women’s clothing and 2,500 pieces of children’s clothing. NAN also reports that five live cows was also delivered to the people of the Local Government Area, for the Sallah celebration. (NAN) By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has donated drugs worth millions of naira to victims of banditry in various parts of Katsina State. The NEMA Director General, Mr Mustapha Maihaja, said on Wednesday in Katsina that the drugs were for treatment of 27 different ailments.… April 15, 2020 In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Tuesday distributed millions of Naira worth of relief materials to victims of armed banditry displaced from three local government areas of Niger. NEM’s Director General (DG), Alhaji Mustapha Maihaja supervised the delivery of the relief materials to the… March 31, 2020 In "Metro" By Habibu Harisu Rabah (Sokoto state) - The  Federal Government, through the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), on Saturday distributed relief assistance to victims of  bandits’ attacks in  four communities in Sokoto State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), are taking refuge in… April 14, 2019 In "News"