By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja –   The National Youth Leadership of the APC on Tuesday described various developmental projects executed by Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu’s administration in Ondo State, as impressive and laudable. The youths, comprises all APC Zonal Youth Leaders, made the assertion in a statement by party’s Deputy National Youth Leader, Mr Afeez Repete, in Abuja on Tuesday. They gave the commendation after a project inspection visit to the state. The youths leaders said: “We have just visited Ondo State to access the achievements of Gov. Rotimi Akeredolu. We are impressed with what we saw on developmental projects. “We are committed to the progress of our party, and this progress can only be proportional to the performances of our public office holders. “We have chosen to come to Ondo State, to have a firsthand information of what our Governor has been doing to the good people of Ondo State. “Part of the projects include: Oke Alabojuto Road construction in the Northern Senatorial District, the construction of Olusegun Agagu University of Science and Technology, which was abandoned for eight years. “And the construction of Redemption Bridge in Ore and of course, the industrial hub in Omotosho,” they said. According to them, others include: the building of Ondo Revenue House, Rehabilitation and construction of over 700 primary schools across the state. These projects, they added, would convince every lover of progress that Gov. Akeredolu has done well in areas of infrastructure. According to them, beyond the states, we also intend to engage the Ministers and Heads of Government Agencies on good governance. “This, we feel should be done to help our party,” APC youth leaders said. (NAN) By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos - The National Leader of APC, Sen. Bola Tinubu, on Wednesday decried insinuations alleging that he deliberately turned down an invitation from Ondo State Government in commemoration of the third anniversary of the state. Mr Tunde Rahman, Media Adviser to Tinubu, told the News Agency of… February 26, 2020 In "Politics" Ondo APC Crisis: Elders Call For Reconciliation June 20, 2017 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -  Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau on Monday said the South West All Progressives Congress governors who were absent at the Saturday APC Mega Gubernatorial rally in Akure, Ondo, had sent in their apologies. Lalong, who is the Chairman of Ondo APC Governorship Campaign Council, made… November 22, 2016 In "Politics"