By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja  –  The Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Orji Kalu, on Friday in Abuja, described the death of renowned Scientist and Car Inventor, Dr Ezekiel Izuogu as a huge loss to Nigeria. In a statement issued by the Office of the Senate Chief Whip, Kalu said that Izuogu would be remembered for his contributions to the development of engineering and technology beyond the shores of Nigeria. Lamenting the passing of Izuogu, the former governor noted that the late engineer was blessed with special skills in the automobile industry. According to him, the demise of Izuogu is a national loss. “Nigeria has lost a foremost scientist, renowned engineer and politician, Dr Ezekiel Izuogu. “The deceased was a global figure in the field of engineering. “The late car inventor will be remembered for designing and developing the Izuogu Z-600, the first African indigenous manufactured car. “The late Izuogu contributed to nation building in different capacities. “He was indeed a selfless and patriotic Nigerian. “The late car inventor will forever be honoured and celebrated for his accomplishments in life,’’ Kalu said. While praying to God to grant the deceased eternal rest, the former governor commiserated with the government and people of Imo over the loss. (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe ABUJA - President Muhammadu Buhari has extended deepest condolences to the family, friends, the government and people of Imo on the passing of Dr Ezekiel Izuogu, a trail-blazing innovator and scientist. The president’s condolence message was conveyed in a statement by Mr Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser… July 20, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - Dr Ezekiel Izuogu, the inventor of Africa’s first indigenous car, Z-600, on Friday tasked the Federal Government to encourage local manufacturers to use indigenous technology to produce made-in-Nigeria products. Izuogu told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that Nigeria would have been an exporter of cars… May 16, 2014 In "Business" •The late Prof Ayodele Awojobi On July 14, 2008, The NEWS Magazine published an article, A Genius Remembered, a tribute to Ayodele Awojobi, the famous Nigerian inventor, public intellectual, academic, author and social crusader. The piece was one of the outcomes of a series of publications by the magazine in… July 22, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds"