By Abubakar Ahmed Faskari –  An 84-year old woman, Hajiya Gude Labo, who lost her 97-year-old husband and son, 59, was among those assisted by the Army as it marked the 2020 Army Day Celebration in Katsina State.The woman told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday in Faskari, Katsina State that their village was attacked by bandits 42 days ago. She said amidst tears after collecting some food items from the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai, that the bandits over ran the village and forced them into exile.NAN reports that Gude was among over 500 other victims with different stories of bandits attack who were sacked from Unguwar Tsamiya village in Faskari local government area. “The gunmen who have for so long been threatening our community, finally appeared in their hundreds riding on motorcycles and firing guns.“They killed many people, mostly males, and also the young and old, including my husband and my son which forced all of us out of the village to seek refuge here in Faskari. “As it is now, my late son left his three wives and eight children in my care which is why I see this palliatives from the soldiers as a great help for us and we pray for God to reward them abundantly,” she said.NAN reports that items donated by Buratai, who was represented by General Officer Commanding 3 Division Nigerian Army, Jos, Maj. Gen. Nuhu Angbazo, included bags of rice, noodles and vegetable oil, as well as 1,000 exercise books for primary school pupils. (NAN) By YUSHA’U ADAMU IBRAHIM & HABIBU UMAR AMINU KATSINA - It was a terrifying moment for residents of Yankara village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State when dozens of armed bandits stormed the village and kidnapped a bride-to-be and her best friend 48 hours to her wedding Fatiha.… May 24, 2020 In "Metro" More than 40 residents of Katsina have been killed in a fresh attacks by suspected bandits. A security source told TheCable that the attackers struck at Kadisau village in Faskari local government area of Katsina on Tuesday evening. The source said after storming Kadisau, they went from house to house,… June 10, 2020 In "News" •Boko Haram terrorists Innocent civilians in Katsina and Borno states, on Friday night and Saturday, again came under deadly bandits and terrorists’ attacks, orchestrated by the bloodthirsty criminals. Though the Village Head of Mazoji ward was killed by the bandits in Katsina, it was learnt that the Nigerian Air Force… June 14, 2020 In "News"