Following the order of Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State that his aides undergo tests to ascertain their COVID-19 statuses, one of the governor’s commissioners and some unnamed members of his cabinet have also tested positive for the virus. Recall that Governor Fayemi had, on Wednesday, July 22, announced his positive status via his twitter account and had since been in isolation. Some of the infected members include the state’s Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Wale Fapohunda, who had announced his positive status via his twitter page on Sunday night, and had commenced a period of isolation, others remained unnamed. READ ALSO: https://www.thexpressng.com/2020/07/28/mfm-to-begin-70-days-fasting/ Confirming the incident during the COVID-19 Task force media briefing, the Commissioner for Health, Mojisola Yaya-Kolade, disclosed that the Attorney-General and some unnamed members of the cabinet had tested positive for coronavirus. She explained that as a physician it was against the ethics of the profession to disclose the identity of COVID-19 patients but said, ” those tested positive have the liberty to announce it on their own.” No fewer than 12 aides of the Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi have been infected with the deadly COVID-19, a source has disclosed. The affected aides include some of the cabinet members, domestic staff and security aides to Governor Fayemi. This came after the governor directed all his aides… July 27, 2020 In "Health" Wale Fapohunda, the Ekiti State Commissioner for Justice and Attorney-General has contracted the Coronavirus currently ravaging the world days after the state Governor, Kayode Fayemi tested positive for the disease. Fapohunda disclosed this via a tweet he shared on Sunday, July 26. He tweeted; "The result of my second covid-19… July 27, 2020 In "News" By Muftau Ogunyemi Akure - Gov. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has isolated himself after testing positive for COVID-19 and directed his cabinet members to undergo compulsory tests. This is contained in a statement signed and made available to newsmen by Mr Donald Ojogo, Commissioner for Information and Orientation, on… June 30, 2020 In "News"