By Auwalu Yusuf- Birnin Kudu  Bauchi   –  Bauchi State Hypertension And Paralysis Foundation, an NGO, says it has spent N250,000 on free treatment for 350 patients, suffering from hypertension and paralysis. Malam Abdullahi Rufai, an official of the foundation, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Bauchi on Thursday. He said the treatment was conducted between April and July 2020 and that the organisation was committed to providing humanitarian services to the people, especially those who could access the treatments. He advised the general public to imbibe the culture of regular medical check-ups with a view to knowing and determining their health status, stressing that hypertension was medically adjudged to be a silent killer. Rufai said that knowing one’s health status was half way in solving his or her medical problems while self medication was dangerous as it worsens the health condition of an individual patient. He explained that the agency was targeting six additional Local Governments Areas of the state, Alkaleri, Toro, Zaki, Misau, Ningi and Katagum in the next round of its free medical outreach by next month. Rufai, also appealed for support such as operational vehicles and cash donations to enable them expand their services. (NAN) Osogbo   -     An Osun-based medical group, Olugbenga Akintola Foundation, has commenced donation of drugs worth N64 million to several hospitals in the state for free treatment of indigent patients. The Chairman of the foundation, Mr Gbenga Akintola made the disclosure on Thursday while presenting 500 antibiotics (Taxocine) injections on Thursday… June 15, 2018 In "Health" OMU-ARAN - No fewer than 500 residents of Omu-Aran, Irepodun Local Government Area of Kwara, on Sunday received free medical treatment for different ailments under the Aro Bamgbose Free Healthcare Empowerment Foundation. The two-day programme attracted residents from the wards of the council including Ekan, Ilofa, Oko and Ipetu. NAN… October 5, 2014 In "Health" A medical doctor in Bauchi State has infected ten of his family members including his last child, a 9 year old son after testing positive for coronavirus, according to TheNation. The revelation was made by the Chairman, State Primary Health Care Development Agency (BSPHCDA), Dr. Rilwanu Muhammed who disclosed this… May 18, 2020 In "Health"