New York  –  Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will appear before a parliamentary committee on July 30, over a government’s $674 million dollar (N256.7 billion) student grant programme. Specifically, Trudeau will answer questions on the government’s decision to pick a charity linked to his family to implement the $674 million dollar (N256.7 billion) programme. In a statement on July 27, the Finance Committee of the House of Commons, said the prime minister would appear before it at 3 p.m. on July 30. It said his Chief of Staff, Katie Telford, would join him at 4:15 p.m. According to local media reports, it is rare for prime ministers to testify before parliamentary committees in the North American country. The last time it happened was in 2006 when the then Prime Minister Stephen Harper, appeared at 1 p.m. to speak about Senate reform, reports the National Post. The statement said Trudeau’s scheduled testimony followed his investigation for possible conflict of interest in the programme. This is the third ethics probe he has faced in three years, according to the paper. The prime minister has reportedly already apologised publicly for participating in the Cabinet decision to pick WE Charity Canada to manage the grant programme. The organisation is said to have backed out shortly after the programme was announced. Canada’s ethics commissioner launched the investigation after WE Charity disclosed that it had paid Trudeau’s mother, Margaret, $250,000 Canadian dollars (N72.6 million) in speaking fees in recent years. The charity said it also paid the prime minister’s brother, Alexandre, about 32,000 Canadian dollars (N9.2 million). Trudeau and his wife, Sophie, have regularly participated in WE Charity events, according to the report, while Sophie hosts a podcast on the organisation’s website. The Minister of Finance, Bill Morneau, has also apologised for taking part in the same Cabinet vote because one of his daughters works at WE Charity, according to National Post. (NAN) PHNOM PENH- Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, has marked 30 years in power on Wednesday and [pro_ad_display_adzone id="8"] rebuked human rights activists for criticising his reign. He spoke to government officials, donors, diplomats and other groups at the inauguration of a bridge over the Mekong River, funded by the Japanese… January 14, 2015 In "Foreign" •Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s wife has tested positive for novel coronavirus, his office said late Thursday, while assuring the public the Canadian prime minister is fine. Canada’s leader and his 44-year-old wife announced Thursday they were self-isolating while she was tested for coronavirus after a public event.… March 13, 2020 In "Foreign" Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila’s centre-right government resigned on Friday after failing to push through a flagship social and health care reform package, just five weeks ahead of a legislative election. There has been a hard-fought struggle for the wide-reaching reform for over a decade, dividing successive governments. Sipila called… March 10, 2019 In "News"