Barcelona (Spain)  – FC Barcelona captain Lionel Messi has called off negotiations over renewing his contract with the club, according to a report by Spanish radio station Cadena Ser on Friday. The report added that the Argentina captain was even ready to leave the Catalans when his current deal expires in 2021. It said Messi and his father Jorge had begun discussing renewing his last deal with the club, which was signed in 2017. “But he no longer wishes to stay at the Camp Nou.’’ The report added that Messi was angry about leaked media reports which appeared to make him seem responsible for events at the club. Two of such are those about the January sacking of coach Ernesto Valverde, and that he is frustrated about the squad’s lack of quality. The Argentine’s representatives and FC Barcelona did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Messi, who turned 33 last month, scored his 700th career goal on Tuesday against Atletico Madrid. But the milestone strike ended in disappointment as Barca drew the game 2-2 in the latest blow to their bid to retain the Spanish title. Barca trail Real Madrid by four points in the title race with five games remaining after Real beat Getafe 1-0 on Thursday. Previously known for his shy personality off the pitch, Messi has become more vocal in his criticism of the club in the last year. In January he hit out at sporting director Eric Abidal, who he said had implied players had led to Valverde being sacked. In a February interview with newspaper Mundo Deportivo, he declared the team were not good enough to win this season’s UEFA Champions League. Then in April he criticised the board for implying players were not willing to accept a pay cut to help the team’s financial difficulties during the coronavirus pandemic. (Reuters/NAN) FC Barcelona Says Messi Agree to Prolong Contract Until 2021 July 5, 2017 In "Sports" Since Spanish champions FC Barcelona announced the signing of striker Antoine Griezmann on Friday for 120 million euros (£107 million) from Atletico Madrid, the 2018/2019 La Liga runners-up have been fuming. They said the Catalan club had not paid enough to trigger the player’s release clause. The 28-year-old France forward… July 12, 2019 In "Sports" Barcelona (Spain ) - Barcelona have signed French World Cup winner Antoine Griezmann from Atletico Madrid for 120 million euros (£107 million) on a five-year deal. This was after paying his release clause, the La Liga champions said in a statement on Friday. Griezmann, 28, rejected a move to Barcelona… July 12, 2019 In "Sports"