Kabul  – Afghanistan on Thursday strongly condemned an alleged rocket firing by the Pakistani army on its soil resulting in civilian casualties and damage to their houses. In a statement released, the Foreign Ministry said the rockets were fired on eastern Kunar province, along a disputed border that Pakistan is fencing since mid-2017. A police spokesman in the province said at least six civilians were killed and seven others, including women and children, were wounded in the rocket firings on Wednesday. Two houses were also damaged. “Afghan forces stationed there responded to the attacks,’’ the official added. Kabul called on Islamabad to refrain from “unacceptable” artillery attacks and arbitrary installations, as it can cause further escalations between the two countries. According to the Foreign Ministry, Islamabad has agreed to a ceasefire following diplomatic efforts, and a joint meeting will be held between security officials in the area. The 2,430-kilometre-long Afghan-Pakistan border was created in 1893 between the then British India and the Emirate of Afghanistan. Battles between neighbouring states along the de facto border known as the Durand Line rarely occur, but relations are considered tense. Afghanistan and Pakistan are in dispute over whether the border is officially recognised. Report says Kabul accuses Islamabad of supporting the Taliban militants fighting against the U.S.-backed Afghan government, a claim Pakistan denies. (dpa/NAN) KABUL -  A group of Taliban fighters attacked a justice department in eastern Afghanistan on Monday, provincial officials said. ``The militants attacked the justice department half an hour ago in Jalalabad city, opening fire at the police guarding the department,’’ Ahmad Abdulzai, governor spokesman for Nangarhar province said. He said… May 12, 2014 In "Foreign" Islamabad - A four-nation group met in Kabul on Tuesday to discuss how to resume broken peace talks between the Afghan government and Taliban insurgents. Representatives from Pakistan, Afghanistan, China and the U.S. planned to discuss how to stabilise the war-shattered country. The meeting would review progress from previous gatherings,… February 23, 2016 In "News" Islamabad   -      Pakistan on Tuesday closed two major border points with Afghanistan for its efforts to maintain security during the July 25 elections, officials said. The Embassy of Pakistan in the Afghan capital Kabul has announced that the Chaman border in southwestern Balochistan and Kharlachi in the Kurram district in… July 24, 2018 In "Foreign"