The Osun State Government has said a private school proprietor in the state had been handed over to the police for circulating unapproved plan for school reopening. The school reopening proposal was shared in many whatsapp groups in the state on Wednesday and when attention of Special Adviser to the governor on Education, Mr Jamiu Olawumi was drawn to the proposal, he told our correspondent to disregard it. Olawumi, who claimed that the man circulating the said proposal had been arrested by the police on the order of state government, told residents to wait for the directive of Governor Gboyega Oyetola on the issue. According to the said reopening proposal, schools in Osun state were to resume on July 20, 2020 and only 20 children were to sit in a class It was also proposed that big schools would run two shifts of morning, 8am to 12pm; and afternoon, 1.30 pm to 5.30pm daily. But Olawumi said, “Schools were closed by the President and the power to reopen has been conceded to the state governors. Osun citizens should await the announcement as endorsed by the governor very soon. We have handed him (the person behind the proposal) over to the police. Disregard the proposal please.” Source The Federal Ministry of Education has presented to the National Assembly a detailed proposal on its plan to reopen schools across the country, The PUNCH reports. The Minister of State for Education, Mr Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, stated this on Tuesday when he appeared before the Senate Committee on Basic and Secondary… June 24, 2020 In "Education" The Federal Ministry of Education Tuesday briefed members of the Senate Committee on Basic and Secondary Education on its plans to reopen schools which have been shut as part of measures to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Minister of State for Education, Mr. Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba, during the… June 23, 2020 In "News" Ilorin - Brig.-Gen. Johnson Olawumi, the Director-General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has urged state governments to support the scheme toward smooth running of orientation camps. Olawumi made the appeal on Tuesday at a news conference during his visit to the Nigeria Army School of Education (NASE), Sobi Cantonment, Ilorin.[pro_ad_display_adzone… July 28, 2015 In "News"