Manchester United have the chance to move into the top four of the Premier League table for the first time since September when they welcome West Ham United to Old Trafford on Wednesday evening. The Red Devils have Champions League qualification in their own hands heading into their final two games of the season, while West Ham – led by former Man United boss David Moyes – are all but mathematically safe from the threat of relegation. Manchester United saw their FA Cup hopes ended in convincing fashion at the hands of Chelsea in their semi-final at Wembley on Sunday, but it wasn’t all bad news for them that day. Leicester City’s defeat at Tottenham Hotspur ensures that Man United are now in control of their own destiny as far as the top-four race is concerned, and qualification for next season’s Champions League is undoubtedly their priority at the business end of the campaign. The Red Devils are now level on points and goal difference with the Foxes, meaning that victory here would leave them simply needing to avoid defeat on the final day to secure a return to Europe’s top table. The added twist is that Man United are away to Leicester on the final day, though, making for a mouth-watering and likely winner-takes-all clash regardless of what happens in this one. Even a draw on Wednesday would lift them temporarily up to third, with Chelsea travelling to champions Liverpool later in the evening, and would still mean that simply avoiding defeat at the King Power Stadium would wrap up a top-four finish for only the third time since Sir Alex Ferguson retired. That task looked a lot more likely prior to Sunday’s 3-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat to Chelsea, though, when Man United’s 19-match unbeaten run which stretched back to January came to a shuddering halt. David de Gea’s mistakes once again dominated the headlines following that match at Wembley, but Man United could have no complaints at the result even if their goalkeeper had been on top form. It is vital that the Red Devils quickly rediscover their winning ways, and they are still unbeaten in 12 Premier League games, while at Old Trafford they have won five of their last six outings with an aggregate scoreline of 20-4. West Ham fans may have therefore been dreading this trip for their penultimate game of the season as a run of two wins in 14 league games looked set to take their battle for survival all the way down to the wire. However, priceless victories over fellow strugglers Norwich City and Watford not only handed them back-to-back top-flight wins for the first time since August but much more importantly effectively sealed their place in the Premier League again next season. Punch Manchester United can secure a top-three finish in the Premier League if they get 15 points from their remaining six games, manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said on Friday. United, lying sixth with 61 points after a poor run of results, are locked in a battle for third with Chelsea (66… April 12, 2019 In "Sports" Substitute Divock Origi’s 86th minute header earned Liverpool a 3-2 win at Newcastle United on Saturday to send them two points above Manchester City and keep their Premier League title bid alive. The race to secure the final two Champions League qualification places looks likely to go to the final… May 5, 2019 In "Sports" For all the upheaval at Manchester United Squad - Goal.com in recent times, they have spent more than €257 million on new signings since they ran away with the Premier League title in 2012. Louis van Gaal is experiencing a few teething problems at the start of the new campaign… September 29, 2014 In "Sports"