LAGOS (SundiataPost) – The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has expressed willingness to welcome any investigation by the House of Representatives on an alleged secret account the agency is said to operate with Unity Bank Plc. The agency stated it readiness for any investigation in a statement issued on Thursday  by Jatto Adams, general manager, corporate and strategic communications. The statement reads: “Following a motion of urgent national importance and the consequent resolution of the House of Representatives to investigate an alleged secret account operated by the Nigerian Ports Authority with Unity Bank plc during plenary on Thursday, the management of the Authority hereby reiterates the non-existence of such an account. “While awaiting communications from the House committees on finance; and ports and harbours on the proposed investigations, the Authority restates it position in the statement issued by management earlier this week that the unity bank account number: 0013680344, cited by the whistleblower, Mr. Okpurhe, does not exist as evidenced by a February 12,2020 letter from Unity Bank Plc. “The NPA operates an account with Unity Bank Plc with account number: 0013670344 with a total sum of $1,057,772.03 (One Million, Fifty-Seven Thousand, Seven Hundred and Seventy-Two Dollars, Three Cents) as of December 4, 2019 and not $1,034,515,000.00 (One Billion, Thirty-Four Million, Five Hundred and Fifteen Thousand United State Dollars) as alleged by the petitioner. “However, the NPA account has not been in operation since August 27, 2010 due to a Suit No: FHC/L/CS/582/2010 GARNISHEE ORDER NISI in AMINU IBRAHIM & CO & ANOR. VS. NIGERIAN PORTS AUTHORITY where a garnishee order was placed on it following a case, which went from the Federal High Court to the Supreme Court over a period of eight years. “Upon the determination of the case at the Supreme Court, the judgment creditors continued with the Garnishee process which resulted in the credit of the amount $1,057,772.03 (One Million, Fifty-Seven Thousand, Seven Hundred and Seventy-Two Dollars, Three Cents) in favour of Suit No: FHC/L/CS/582/2010 GARNISHEE ORDER NISI- AMINU IBRAHIM & CO & ANOR. VS. NIGERIAN PORTS AUTHORITY on  December 4th 2019 in line with the Garnishee Order absolute. “It is therefore obvious that there is no cloned account as speculated in the alleged whistle blowing effort of Mr. Okpurhe. “The account under discussion was frozen on the strength of a court order in August 2010, following the completion of the case, the money was consequently transferred to the judgment creditor on December 4, 2019 in line with the Garnishee Order Absolute.” By Felix Onajite These are not the best of times for the Managing Director of the Nigerian Ports Authority, Hadiza Bala-Usman, as an audit report conducted by the Auditor-General’s office has allegedly indicted the her for various questionable transactions, according to Per Second News. However, the management of NPA has… May 23, 2019 In "Top Stories" LAGOS - The workers of Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) on Thursday urged the authority to revive the dockyard at Apapa rather than allow NIPCO Plc to build a tank farm on it. The workers, under the aegis of Senior Staff Association of Communication, Transportation and Corporation, told reporters in Lagos… July 31, 2014 In "Business" By Chinyere Joel-Nwokeoma   Lagos   -    The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Monday said it was still investigating the one billion dollars investment in Unity Bank Plc by Milost Global Incor. Mrs Efe Ebelo, SEC’s acting Head, Corporate Communications, confirmed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in… May 21, 2018 In "Business"