Mass food poisoning in Jordan has sickened at least 700 people and killed a child, all of whom ate cut-price shawarma from a restaurant outside Amman, the health ministry said Wednesday. The owner of the restaurant selling the popular rotisserie meat and bread snacks in Baqa’a district northwest of the capital was arrested, local media reported. “A five-year-old boy died of massive poisoning,” the ministry said in a statement, adding that at least 100 people had been hospitalised by Tuesday morning before the number reached 700 by Wednesday morning. “Laboratory tests carried out by specialised investigation teams from the General Food and Drug Administration showed bacteria in the meat and poultry.” A special offer of a shawarma meal for one Jordanian dinar (about $1.4), or about half the usual price, had sparked an influx to the restaurant, said local news sites. A heatwave has hit Jordan in recent days, with temperatures in Amman exceeding 40 degrees Celsius (100 degrees Fahrenheit). (AFP) The false belief that toxic methanol cures Coronavirus has killed over 700 people in Iran. The national coroner's authority in the country said that alcohol poisoning killed 728 Iranians between February 20 and April 7. Last year there were only 66 deaths from alcohol poisoning, according to the report. An… April 29, 2020 In "Foreign" Bauchi - Health experts and dietitians in the North East have called for urgent steps to check the rampant application of enhancers by food sellers in the country. News Agency of Nigeri (NAN) reports that the call is coming just as the National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration and… February 25, 2020 In "Health" NEW YORK – When Chicago health officials saw Twitter users complaining about local food poisoning episodes, they reached out on Twitter to those users and often ended up charging the restaurant in question with a violation.“We know that the majority of cases of foodborne outbreaks really never end up getting… August 28, 2014 In "Health"