Ado-Ekiti –   Ekiti State Government says it will begin to fumigate all public schools in preparation for the resumption of students of certificate classes. This is contained in a statement, signed by Kunle Adeniyi, Assistant Director of Information in the state’s Ministry of Education, Science and Technology on Wednesday in Ado-Ekiti. The statement quoted the Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mr Foluso Daramola as saying that the fumigation exercise “is part of efforts aimed at continuing to contain the spread of the COVID-19 in Ekiti’’. Daramola was speaking during a meeting with principals of secondary schools and other stakeholders in the education sector in the state. He said that the government would also provide infrared thermometers, liquid soap, hand sanitiser, veronica buckets and other materials needed for improved personal hygiene when schools resumed. He said the ministries of Education and Environment had been saddled with the responsibility of carrying out the fumigation of all public schools in order to prevent the spread of COVID-19 when schools reopened. The commissioner directed principals and head-teachers to ensure that the running grant that would be paid to them “is expended on procurement of consumables for the students when the ones provided by the government had been exhausted’’. He, however, advised staff, having illnesses such as high blood pressure, diabetes, asthma and low immunity to obtain medical reports from Government Health institutions, before resumption. In her response, Mrs Rhoda Ojo, the President of All Nigerian Confederation of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPSS) in the state, urged the state government to pay school’s grants for second and third terms for 2019/2020 Academic session Ojo, who is also the Principal of St. Louis Grammar School, Ikere-Ekiti said this is to make teaching and learning convenient when schools reopen. She noted that many schools had been overgrown with weeds as a result of the long break, saying urgent steps must be taken to clear the schools’ environment. She, however, advised the government to embark on an aggressive media campaign, to sensitise parents and guardians on their roles and responsibilities, as well as to provide face masks for their children upon resumption. (NAN) Ariwodola Idowu   Ado Ekiti -   Ekiti State Government on Saturday announced extention of the current long term holidays for students in public and private primary and secondary schools. This is contained in a statement by the state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mr. Jide Egunjobi, and made… September 8, 2018 In "News" Ariwodola Idowu Ado-Ekiti - The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi on Friday approved N24 million for the payment of administrative charges for 13,390 candidates in public secondary schools across Ekiti schools. The News Agency of Nigeria, (NAN) reports that beneficiaries are candidates who will be writing the April/May… March 2, 2019 In "News" Ado-Ekiti   -  Gov. Ayo Fayose of Ekiti State has suspended the Secretary to the State Government, Dr Modupe Alade, for alleged incompetence. This is conveyed in a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Idowu Adelusi and made available to newsmen in Ado-Ekiti on Thursday.… December 3, 2015 In "News"