Hamburg  –  The defence counsel for a former Nazi concentration camp guard called for his acquittal on Monday, as the 93-year-old defendant apologised to the victims. Speaking on the penultimate day of the trial, lawyer Stefan Waterkamp argued that membership as an SS guard alone has so far not been sufficient in German law for a guilty verdict for the charge of acting as an accessory to murder. The man is facing that charge on 5,230 counts. Waterkamp said the victims would have been murdered at the Stutthof camp near Gdansk, where the man worked in a watchtower from August 1944 to April 1945, regardless of whether the man had kept his post or not. The real perpetrators of the terror were the SS teams in the camp and their prisoner helpers, the so-called kapos, the lawyer added. The defendant also addressed the court in Hamburg, taking the opportunity to apologise. “Today I would like to apologise to all the people who went through this hellish madness and to their relatives and descendants,’’ he said. The elderly defendant, who admitted early in the trial to having served as an SS guard, stressed again that he did not seek out this role voluntarily and that he would have evaded service if it had been possible. The man is being tried in a juvenile court due to his young age at the time of the crimes. He was drafted in the summer of 1944 as a 17-year-old to the Wehrmacht and then received his orders to go to Stutthof after he was deemed unfit for the frontline. Prosecutors have called for a three-year sentence. Representatives of the victims – some 40 survivors and relatives – have called on him to admit to his own guilt but are not seeking a tougher sentence. When asked by a judge in May, the man said, “I am not guilty of what happened back then. “I didn’t contribute to it aside from standing guard. “I was forced to do that, it was an order’’. A verdict is expected on Thursday. (dpa/NAN) Hamburg - The trial of a 93-year-old former guard at the Stutthof concentration camp will not feature a visit to the crime scene in what today is Poland, a German court decided on Tuesday. The request had been made by representatives for the co-plaintiffs who argued that the Hamburg regional… April 14, 2020 In "Foreign" Muenster (Germany)  -   A 94-year-old World War II SS guard broke his silence during his complicity to murder trial in Germany to apologise for not having taken action to stop injustice. Prosecutors charge that Reinhold Hanning was a member of the SS "Totenkopf" (Death's Head) Division and that he… April 30, 2016 In "Foreign" Munich -  A 34-year-old woman burst into tears and sobbed in a Munich court on Wednesday after being sentenced to four-and-a-half years in jail for attempted manslaughter for a knife attack at last year's Oktoberfest. The mother of three children admitted in the Munich district court to attacking a man… August 10, 2016 In "Foreign"