The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has ridiculed a member of House of Representatives, James Faleke. Ngige who appeared before the Adhoc Committee of the House of Representatives to answer questions over an alleged breach of a presidential directive called Faleke “a small boy” and claimed he was “Tinubu’s mate”. “I am at least seven years older than you. I’m sure. “I am the same age as your mentor in Lagos, Asiwaju (Bola Ahmed Tinubu). And I was Governor with him at the same time. He was a Senator, I was a Senator. “I am a two-time Minister, he is a two-time Minister.” Faleke retorted: “But you won these elections very well?” But Ngige fired back: “No problem about that. Just like you won your own in Kogi State very well and you are now both the Governor and Deputy Governor. “You are just a small boy in Lagos. Look at this Mushin boy, talking to a Victoria Island boy.” Ngige is alleged to have suspended top management and executive committee members of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF), although the presidential directive bars ministers from sacking heads of agencies. The minister had asked Faleke to recuse himself from the hearing, since he had already passed judgement on him (Ngige) through his statements on the floor of the House, when the motion for the investigation was raised on July 7, 2020. Faleke accused Ngige of hijacking the NSITF’s budget and removing the board to cover his tracks. Source Ahmed Bola Tinubu is arguably the self-proclaimed leader of the Yoruba in Nigerian politics. It couldn’t be more obvious than during the 2015 presidential election when he got many Yoruba to vote for President Muhammadu Buhari. Buhari so literally worshipped him that had Tinubu sneezed, Buhari would have easily caught… December 6, 2018 In "Opinion" Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, has advised people of the Southeast to join the two main political parties, All Progressives Congress, APC, or Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, if they must produce Nigeria’s next president in 2023. Ngige made the remark while urging Southeast politicians to re-strategise and make… January 28, 2020 In "Politics" •Labour and Employment Minister, Dr. Ngige The Minister for Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has said that he initially disregarded news of the death of Imo North Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu. The visibly saddened minster said he thought it was Fake News when he first received news of the Senator’s… December 29, 2019 In "News"