ABUJA – The Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Pantami, on Saturday ordered the suspension of an increase in license fees for courier and logistic services planned by the Nigerian Postal Service (NIPOST). “Our attention has been drawn to an increase of licence fee, which was not part of the regulation I earlier APPROVED for you,” Pantami said via his verified Twitter profile. “Your Chair and PMG were YESTERDAY contacted to put the implementation on hold and send a report to our ministry by Monday. Best wishes!” The Minister added that “any change of fee” must be approved by him before implementation. Pls @NipostNgn, our attention has been drawn to an increase of licence fee, which was not part of the regulation I earlier APPROVED for you. Your Chair and PMG were YESTERDAY contacted to put the implementation on hold and send a report to our ministry by Monday. Best wishes! — Isa Ali Pantami, PhD (@DrIsaPantami) July 25, 2020 A memo announcing the increase in licence fees for courier and logistics services started to circulate on social media on Friday. A number of Nigerians felt the move would cripple small businesses and further deplete economic activity amid a pandemic. Dear @femigbaja, please block this needless policy by Nipost that will cripple thousands of small businesses. Thousands of young people have created their own jobs and are trying to just survive. This will kill thousands of #MSMEs. Please don’t let it happen. Counting on you sir. pic.twitter.com/33ucYLlVMb — Dr. Dípò Awójídé (@OgbeniDipo) July 24, 2020 One Chiedu Chiadika started a petition on change.org and had garnered over 12,500 signatures as of Saturday evening. According to the petition, “NIPOST are implementing a senseless fee for grant of Courier and Logistic License which is poised at putting hardworking Nigerians out of business in an economy that is already in ruins.” Pantami responded on Saturday after several persons mentioned him on Twitter with respect to the burgeoning conversation around the fees. The increase, is under investigation by my office, since yesterday. The Ministry and the Minister were not involved. Many thanks and best wishes! https://t.co/fVGMfaMR0C — Isa Ali Pantami, PhD (@DrIsaPantami) July 25, 2020 The Minister had earlier approved new regulations for the courier and logistics industry but said on Saturday that an increase in license fees was not part of the package. The Regulation approved doesn’t include the increase in licence fees they did, my brother. Best wishes! https://t.co/yhTHL9hEqN — Isa Ali Pantami, PhD (@DrIsaPantami) July 25, 2020 Pantami Says President Buhari to sign Executive Order on CNI ProtectionReiterates the goals of digital economy policyGives overview of the strategic pillarsOptimistic the 2020-2025 Broadband Plan will be ready in Q1 2020Advocates the validation of certificates with skillsUrges citizens to leverage emerging digital capacities to produce employers of labour The… January 7, 2020 In "News" The Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, and the Nigerian Postal Services, NIPOST, have met to discuss key areas of collaborations between the two agencies towards strengthening delivery of their respective mandates and synergising to advance the digital economy agenda of the Federal Government. This was the highlight of deliberations during a… February 20, 2020 In "News" The Honourable Minister for Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim (Pantami), is the distinguished Nigerian invited to deliver the 29th Convocation Lecture of the Federal University of Technology, Minna, Niger State. Pantami's presentation at the convocation lecture which held at the University's main campus on Friday (31/01/2020) was… February 1, 2020 In "News"