The former Governor of Borno State, Senator Ali Modu Sherrif rumoured to be eyeing the office of the National Chairmanship of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Thursday paid a surprise visit to the national secretariat of the party in Abuja. Sherrif who arrived the party office at about 4.15 pm went straight to the office of the National Chairman, Caretaker Committee, Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State, where he held a brief meeting that lasted for about 15minutes. Efforts by newsmen to inquire about his mission to the party secretariat met a stone wall as the former Governor dashed into his black G-wagon car and drove off the party Secretariat. The chairman of the caretaker committee, Gov. Buni also left the Secretariat. Reliable source in the office of the chairman of the caretaker committee said the two leaders had to leave the office for an undisclosed venue for a meeting. The names of two former Borno State governors, Ali Modu Sheriff and Senator Kashim Shetima as well as the former Lagos State military governor, Gen. Buba Maruwa are been touted for eyeing the national chairmanship seat at the National Convention of party later in the year. The Nation ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leadership crisis worsened on Monday as the sacked national chairman and former governor of Borno State, Senator Ali Modu Sheriff in a commando style took over the party's national secretariat at Wadata Plaza , Wuse Zone 5, Abuja. Sherrif was said… June 13, 2016 In "Top Stories" A former National Chairman of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, Ali Modu-Sherrif, on Thursday avoided journalists after meeting behind closed doors with President Muhammadu Buhari. The meeting, which lasted about an hour, was held inside the President’s office. On arrival at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, for the meeting at about… May 17, 2018 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike and his Ekiti State counterpart, Ayo Fayose were the masterminds of the emergence of a former governor of Borno State, Ali Modu Sherrif as the new chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), investigations have revealed. Their action, now causing a whirlwind of protests in the party, was also said to have the backing of some… February 18, 2016 In "Politics"