By Muhammad Lawal  Birnin-Kebbi –   Elated members of the Joint National Association of People With Disabilities, Birnin Kebbi Local Government Chapter, have commended Gov. Atiku Bagudu for extending his Sallah package to them. The members expressed their feelings to newsmen on Thursday through their Chairman, Alhaji Umaru Abubakar-Takalau, shortly after receiving financial gifts of unspecified amount from the governor. They said the magnanimity of Bagudu towards them in this festive period, would no doubt change their lives for the better. “Members of the association have never had it so good like now in the history of Kebbi State. “No governor or administration had ever remembered our members in this manner. “The governor has carved a niche for himself; this gesture will remain in our memory for long, as we continue to pray for him,” said their chairman. Speaking on the gesture, Permanent Secretary, Ministry formWomen Affairs, Mrs Aishatu Maikurata, said the assistance was part of policy of the government to help the less-privileged. According to her, the governor had directed that all the leaders of persons with disability in all the 21 local government areas, be handed their welfare for onward distribution to their members. “In all the 21 LGAs, I made sure that we deal directly with the leadership of persons with disability, who will share the money to their members . “This is a directive and staff of my ministry complied without any hesitation . “To ensure accountability and transparency in the exercise, my staff issued forms to their leaders, which they filled and signed,” she said. (NAN) By Shuaibu Tatu Birinin Kebbi - The Peoples Democratic Party Mobilisation Forum in Kebbi, said 5000 members of the group from the 17 Local Government Areas of the state have defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the defectors were received by… February 2, 2019 In "Politics" By Ibrahim Bello Birnin Kebbi - The Wife of Kebbi Governor, Dr Zainab Shinkafi-Bagudu, has sensitised leaders of Persons with Disabilities (PWDs), from 21 local government areas of the state on preventive measures against Coronavirus (COVID-19).Shinkafi-Bagudu, who spoke on Friday in Birnin Kebbi during the event, said that the sensitisation… April 10, 2020 In "Health" Birnin Kebbi -  Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Monday condoled with the Kebbi State Government over the death of Alhaji Habibu Jega, former Speaker of the Kebbi State House of Assembly. Tambuwal, who led a delegation of his cabinet and APC stalwarts from Sokoto, was received by Gov.… April 18, 2016 In "News"