By Priscilla Osaje  Abuja  –  Nigerian Music star, Micheal Ajereh a.k.a Don Jazzy, has urged Nigerians to adhere strictly to safety measures approved by health authorities to avoid contracting the virus as they visit barbing shop for haircut. The singer made the call on his Instagram page @donjazzy, as he shared a video clip where he was in a salon, reminding them on the danger ahead if they failed to comply strictly to hygiene in the salon. “It feels like we are forgetting that the world is still battling Coronavirus. “The numbers are still going up. Let’s not make all the sacrifices we have made to be in vain. “We must still take precautions. One of many precautions that I take is while I cut my hair. “If you are going to visit the salon please be careful. Let me know one of the precautions that you also take. Show me with the #COVID-19StopsWith Me ,” he wrote. He said it is much advisable for client to ask their salonists to wash or sanitise their hands before dressing or cutting their hair, adding that such will help to curtail the spread of the disease. Jazzy is Nigerian multi award-winning record producer, a singer, songwriter, and former CEO of Mo’ Hits Records and current CEO of Mavin Records. He had developed passion for music, singing, playing of drums and playing the bass guitar. His musical career came into limelight with the Mo-hits records, which is now defunct. The Mavin records have been known for nothing short of excellent music as it has signed and produced some of the major hit songs. He has won awards for various categories and some of them include Producer of the Year for the song titled over the moon, pop something and Mr Endowed – Headies 2011. Others were Special recognition award City People Entertainment in 2015, and Producer of the year for the song titled “Dorrubucci” – Headies 2014. The renowned singer immense contribution to entertainment industry has made him outstanding coupled with his numerous songs. (NAN)  Nigerian Producer and singer, Don Jazzy, has spoken on the whole Funke Akindele’s lockdown party saga, as he named her his ‘WCW”. Recall that the actress and her hubby, JJC Skillz, were arraigned before an Ogba Magistrate court by the state government for holding a house party in their Amen… April 22, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerian musician and producer, Don Jazzy has stated clearly that no amount of pressure will force him to get married when he's not ready.   Nigerian record producer and singer, Don Jazzy has stressed that he cannot be forced into marriage by anyone. The 36-year-old record producer, who is constantly disturbed by… August 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" Music Mogul, Don Jazzy (Micheal Ajereh), has denied being responsible for the pregnancy of his longtime crush and celebrity blogger, Linda Ikeji. Ikeji revealed her six-month- old baby bump on Sunday with a lengthy emotional post, chronicling her journey and her excitement when she found out she was pregnant. Ikeji’s… May 21, 2018 In "Entertainment"