By Ahmed Abba Damaturu  –  World Health Organisation (WHO) under its health emergencies programme in Northeast Nigeria has donated over 400,000 copies of Information, Education and Communication (IEC) materials to Yobe state government. WHO Programme Manager, Northeast, Dr. Collins Owili made the donation on Thursday in Damaturu. Owili, who was represented by Dr. Ibrahim Salisu, said the materials were meant to complement the Yobe state government’s efforts in sensitising the public to the dangers of COVID-19 and other diseases. Items donated include: 200,000 copies of Information, Education and Communication materials, Flip charts, 200,000 copies of infection, prevention and control materials, and 200 pieces of t-shirts and face caps. Owili said that WHO had carried out capacity building on 350 health workers across the 13 General Hospitals in the state on risk management, surveillance, laboratory case management, as well as infection and prevention control. Dr. Lawan Gana, the Yobe State Commissioner for Health, who received the items thanked WHO for the donation and promised that the government would make judicious use of the items. “On behalf of the Yobe State Government, I wish to extend our profound appreciation to WHO for this singular gesture. “We are happy to receive the donation. It will help to boost our communication and sensitisation activities. We will make judicious use of the items,” he said. (NAN) The Yobe State Committee on COVID-19 Prevention and Control says the remaining three patients in the state isolation center have been discharged after meeting clinical criteria. Vice-Chairman of the Committee and the State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Mohammed Lawan Gana made the revelation at the end of the Committee’s 14th… July 1, 2020 In "News" By Ahmed Abba Damaturu - Yobe State Government on Sunday says the suspected coronavirus case in Damaturu, the state capital has been confirmed negative. Dr Muhammad Gana, the Commissioner for Health, confirmed the development at a news conference in Damaturu. He said: “Nasopharyngeal and Oro-pharyngeal swab of the suspected patient… March 15, 2020 In "Health" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has released the fourth public health advisory on the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) to Nigerians. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, the Director-General of NCDC, made available a copy of the advisory to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. NAN… March 1, 2020 In "Health"