By Emmanuella AnokamAbuja –   The management of the Nigeria Investment Promotion Commission (NIPC) has said that negotiations with the leadership of the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN), NIPC chapter on its unexpected industrial action have been concluded. The staff union had on July 9, embarked on strike after a peaceful protest on alleged mismanagement, poor working conditions, and welfare as well as deviation from NIPC core investment promotion mandates by its management. The NIPC management, in a statement on Saturday in Abuja stated that after extensive discussions with union officials over several days, two agreements were signed by all parties on July 17. It said that the agreement was to bring the week-long industrial action to an end. The management said other parties to the signed agreements were the NIPC Governing Council, Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Ministry of Labour and Employment, and Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria. “With the signing of these agreements, the NIPC Head Office Complex will be open every working day from Monday, July 20, from 9 a.m to 2 p.m, in line with the Federal Government’s safety guidelines for staff members and visitors. “The management appreciates all stakeholders whose intervention facilitated the resolution of the industrial action and affirms its commitment to the implementation of the terms of the signed agreements. “NIPC wishes to reiterate its commitment to staff members’ welfare and to continually prioritise development and dialogue with staff members and relevant stakeholders. “We look forward to working with the Governing Council, the leadership of the Staff Union, all staff of the Commission and stakeholders to maintain a conducive work environment,” the management stated. (NAN) The embattled, Executive Secretary of the Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission (NIPC) Ms. Saratu Umar, is now jobless. She was this monday relieved of her appointment with immediate effect by President Goodluck Jonathan, who finally caved in to the demand of the agency’s staff. Ms. Saratu Umar’s days became numbered when… May 19, 2015 In "News" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority, (NEPZA) in a bid to spike influx of both local and International investors to the 41 Free Trade Zones strategically located in the Country had sought partnership of the Nigeria Investment Promotion Commission, NIPC to expedite the process. Managing director of… July 7, 2020 In "Business" Abuja -The United States Agency for International Development Nigeria (USAID/NIGERIA), in collaboration with the Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission (NIPC), is currently implementing the Nigeria Expanded Trade and Transport (NEXTT) Project. The project is expected to promote investments, trade and the economic well-being of Nigerians. This is contained in a statement… August 24, 2015 In "Business"