By Christian Ogbonna  Yenagoa  –  Suspected armed robbers on Friday attacked a new generation bank in Yenagoa, Bayelsa capital, killing a customer, Mr Emmanuel Omomo, and taking away cash he withdrew from the bank. Police spokesman in Bayelsa, SP Asinim Butswat who confirmed the killing, said the incident occurred at about 10 a.m. inside the premises of the new generation bank. “The customer was accosted by unknown gunmen after he withdrew money from the bank. “The armed robbers who came in a black Toyota Camry car accosted the customer, one Emmanuel Omomo, when he came out of the bank after making the withdrawals. They shot him, collected all the money in his possession and zoomed off. “The victim was immediately rushed to the Federal Medical Centre, Yenagoa, where he was confirmed dead. Investigation is ongoing.” he said Butswat said the Police Command in the state had launched a manhunt for the unknown gunmen. An eye witness, who preferred anonymity, said the middle-aged man was leaving the bank with a bag suspected to be containing some amount of money when the masked gunmen accosted him. He told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the suspected robbers who were dressed in black atire alighted from a Toyota Camry car and shot sporadically. He said the victim who had already entered a waiting tricycle, on sighting the gunmen, ran inside the nearby bush, but the gunmen shot him and made away with the money. “Although, the armed security attached to the bank and nearby banks responded with scary shots, they could not hit the target due to the huge crowd at the bank premise,” he said. (NAN) Yenagoa - Gunmen suspected to be armed robbers on Friday shot dead a middle-aged man identified as Emmanuel Omomo and carted away his money in Bayelsa State. It was gathered that the incident happened at 10am within the premises of a bank around the Sani Abacha Expressway in Yenagoa where… July 3, 2020 In "News" By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa  -  Gunmen, suspected to be robbers, have shot dead a 30-year-old corps member and dispossessed him of his money and other valuables in Yenagoa, Bayelsa. The Police Public Relations Officer at the Bayelsa Command, Mr. Asinim Butswat, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria… June 25, 2017 In "News" By Christian Ogbonna Yenagoa - The Police Command in Bayelsa, said on Saturday that it was on the trail of those who killed a police sergeant and wounded another policeman on Friday night in Yenagoa. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that unknown gunmen on Friday night attacked the… March 17, 2019 In "News"