The Delta State Chief Judge (CJ), Justice Marshal Umukoro, yesterday directed judiciary staff in the state to work for three days a week, owing to the coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic. From July 6, all judicial employees in the state are to work on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Justice Umukoro said that the current review on work attendance would remain in force until further notice. According to the CJ, courts in the state are to sit twice a week until further notice. Reacting to the circular, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, said the decision for workers to work three days a week was peculiar to the judiciary. Ifeajika noted that no such directive had been given to other workers in the state. He, however, recalled that the state government had at the advent of the pandemic, ordered that its workers on salary grade level 10 and below should work from home. The chief press secretary said that the CJ might have contemplated a virtual approach to court sitting. He added that the presence of other judicial staff at court sitting might pose a challenge to government’s efforts to curb the spread of the virus. The Nation By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - The Delta Chief Judge (CJ), Justice Marshal Umukoro, has directived judiciary staff in the state to work for three days a week, due to the ravaging coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Umukoro, in a statement on Friday in Asaba, directed that as from July 6, all judicial… July 3, 2020 In "News" By Eguonor Ighure   Asaba  -     The Chief Judge of Delta, Marshal Umukoro, has announced that only judicial officers under 50 years of age are now eligible for appointment as judges in the state. Umukoro announced this in a statement signed by the Public Relations Officer in the Office of… August 14, 2018 In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - Enugu State Chief Judge (CJ), Justice Priscilla Emehelu, has set 24 inmates free from two different custodial centres within the state. Emehelu, who was assisted by other judges in the state, also granted bail to 53 other inmates from Nsukka Custodial Centre and Enugu Custodial… July 4, 2020 In "News"