Abuja – Some farmers at Tingno rice plantation Community in Lamurde Local Government Area of Adamawa have called for access road to ease movement of farm produce to the market. Tingno is one of the major rice producing areas of the state but lack access road and other social amenities. Mr Richard Angelo, the Village Head of the community, made the call in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Sunday in Tingno town. Angelo, who spoke through his secretary, Mr Simon Kade, said that the community was one of the major paddy producing areas in the northeast. He lamented that lack of access road was on of the major obstacle militating against rice cultivation as well as improving social and economic wellbeing of the people. “Tingno and its environs are the largest centre of paddy rice production in Adamawa and the northeast region. “We cultivated rice during rain fed and dry season activities. Dozens of trucks of paddy are transported from Tingno to other parts of the country as well as Chad and Cameroon Republics. “Our major challenge is lack of access road to link Tingno to Lafiya and adjourning communities,” Angelo said, adding that the poor state of the road was exposing them to difficulties. Another farmer, Simon Kade, also called for provision of social amenities such as water, electricity and health facilities to encourage agricultural activities and improve the economic and social wellbeing of the people in the area “We have only one healthcare clinic with three health workers providing services to about 60, 000 people in the community. “We also have 25 farmer cooperative societies in Tingno, regrettably none of the associations participated in the agricultural support programme initiated by the government, ” Kade said. ( NAN) LAVUN (NIGER) - The Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development on Saturday demonstrated the use of local fabricated rice threshing machine to farmers in Lavun Local Government Area of Niger. The Director, Rice Value Chain, Dr Victor Onyeneke, who introduced and demonstrated the machine to over 100 farmers, said… November 22, 2014 In "Business" Abuja -The Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Mr Godwin Emefiele on Tuesday said the Federal Government spent 2.41 billion dollars on rice importation between January 2012 and May 2015. Emefiele made this known at a stakeholders' meeting with officials of Paddy Rice Producing states and Rice Value chain… July 28, 2015 In "Business" By Abiodun Obafemi and Funmilayo Oloyinde Unarguably, the development of a strategic action plan for agricultural sector --Agricultural Transformation Agenda -- remains one of the efforts of the Federal Government at boosting food production in Nigeria. Developed by former Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr Akinwumi Adesina, the programme… January 27, 2016 In "News"