The Nigeria Police Force has called for applications from suitable qualified Nigerians for enlistment into the Force as Constables (Recruits). A statement by the Force Public Relations Officer, DCP Frank Mba, on Saturday stressed that applicants must have a passion for the Force. According to the statement, applicants must satisfy the following requirements: be Nigerians by birth and possess a National Identity Number; possess a minimum of five credits at O’Level in not more than two sittings including Mathematics and English; be a between 17 and 25 years; be medically, physically and psychologically fit; and not be less than 1.67 metres tall for male and 1.64 metres tall for female. The statement also said applicants are required not to have less than 86cm expanded chest measurement (men only); female applicants must not be pregnant at the time of recruitment; be free of any of pecuniary embarrassment; and print their completed online forms , guarantor forms and submit same at the examination/screening and recruitment centers. The applicants that meet the requirements from the online registration would be invited for screening at all the State Commands, including the FCT Command from 24th August, 2020 to 30th August, 2020. The statement noted that physical screening and evaluation would be carried out with COVID-19 prevention protocols. It indicated that names of successful candidates would be published in selected national newspapers and other platforms on 14 September, 2020. The online application would be open for a period of six weeks from 14th July to 23 August, 202 at www.policerecruitment.gov.ng. The Nation By Joseph Edeh   Abuja -   The Police Service Commission (PSC) says it has begun the process of recruitment of 10,000 constables into the Nigeria Police Force. A statement by the commission’s Head, Press and Public Relations, Mr Ikechukwu Ani, on Friday in Abuja, said the exercise was free of… November 30, 2018 In "Top Stories" The Nigerian Air Force (NAF), invites application from suitable qualified graduates and post graduates for training as Direct Short Services Cadets in the below profession: Job Title: Nurse Location: Nationwide Requirements B.Sc/ RN and RM (Double Qualification) Must possess B.NSc with RN/RM or HND with RN/RM. BSc Nursing with any other… May 20, 2017 In "Health" The Nigerian Air Force (NAF), invites application from suitable qualified graduates and post graduates for training as Direct Short Services Cadets in the below profession: Job Title: Information Technology Officer Location: Nationwide Requirements M.Sc/ B.Sc./HND in Info Tech/Computer Science, Computer Engineering/Electrical & Electronics Engineering, or Computer Software Engineer, Data Administrator, Network… May 20, 2017 In "Education"