ABUJA (Special Release) – The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) has further extended the closing date of its waiver of penalty and interest window on tax debts owned by individuals and businesses from June 30, 2020 to August 31st, 2020. Executive Chairman, FIRS, Mr. Muhammad Nami, disclosed this latest extension in a statement issued on Wednesday by Director, Communications and Liaison Department, FIRS, Abdullahi Ismaila Ahmad. Mr. Nami stated that the extension is a follow up to a number of palliative measures devised by the FIRS to cushion the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Nigerian economy in order to support tax-paying individuals and business entities in the country. According to Mr. Nami, the latest extension applies to “Tax Audit, Tax Investigation and Desk review assessments, Approved instalment payment plans under Voluntary Assets and Income Declaration Scheme (VAIDS) yet to be fully liquidated.” Mr. Nami added: “Taxpayers are advised to note that there will be no further extension of this palliative measure. Tax debtors are therefore enjoined to liquidate their outstanding tax liabilities on or before 31st August, 2020 in order to enjoy waiver of accumulated penalties and interests.” He also advised all concerned individuals and businesses to contact their respective “Tax Controller or the nearest FIRS Regional Debt Management Office in case of further enquiries”, stressing that “a list of all our offices is available on our website:www.firs.gov.ng”. Abdullahi Ismaila AhmadDirector, Communications and Liaison DepartmentFederal Inland Revenue ServiceJuly 8, 2020 On March 29, 2020, the Executive Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr. Muhammad Mamman Nami, clocked 100 days in office at the FIRS. Following multiple media requests to mark the day,  as is the norm globally, Mr. Nami fielded questions from a select panel of media practitioners , in… April 6, 2020 In "Interview" In the 21st century, rating effective leadership is now based on leaders’ possession of “soft skills”. Leadership today is no longer rated by intimidating or swaying charisma like that of Adolf Hitler. Soft skills, according to Joana Marques in “Leadership Today” include purpose, morality, values, vision, authenticity, empathy and emotional… June 24, 2020 In "Opinion" ABUJA (SundiataPost) - Executive Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr. Muhammad Nami has under his watch there would be tribalism or ethnic consideration, adding that the Service is a national institution of pride. Mr. Nami made this assertion in a statement issued on Monday by Director, Communication and Liaison,… May 22, 2020 In "News"