The Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has been conferred with the traditional title of “Sadaukin Shinkafi” by Shinkafi Emirate Council in Zamfara. This was contained in a statement signed by the Emir of Shinkafi, Alhaji Muhammad Makwashe and made available to newsmen in Gusau on Monday. Makwashe said that the tittle was conferred on the former minister following his support and contributions to the development of Shinkafi emirate. The emir urged the former minister to continue with the support and cooperation to the emirate. Fani-Kayode, at a news briefing in Gusau, commended the emirate and promised to continue to maintain good relationship with Zamfara and core Northern states. “I am highly impressed with this tittle given to me as one of the heroes of Shinkafi emirate. “I commend the present administration led by Gov. Bello Matawalle for promoting peace and stability in the state”, he said. The former minister said the PDP led administration deserved commendation for initiating various policies and programmes for the development of the state. “I came to Zamfara for bridge building. I went round the state, I am impressed with the peace been restored and various infrastructural development,” he added. He lauded RUGA and Airport projects initiated by the state government and expressed optimism, that the government would move the state forward. He urged people of the state to continue to support Gov. Matawalle for peace and stability and socio-economic development in the state. (NAN) By Ishaq Zaki Gusau, June 17, 2018 (NAN) The Emir of Gusau in Zamfara, Alhaji Ibrahim Bello, has conferred a traditional title of “Garzon Gusau” on the state governor, Alhaji Abdul’aziz Yari. The Emir announced the conferment of the new traditional title to the governor at his palace in Gusau… June 18, 2018 In "News" By Shehu Umar, Gusau Zamfara State Governor Matawalle  GUSAU - Three former Governors of Zamfara State, ex-Commissioners and first-class Emirs stand losing expansive farmlands they acquired on grazing reserves following an order by the state governor, Bello Muhammad Matawalle, revoking all land allocations or titles on grazing reserves and cattle… December 16, 2019 In "News" By Abubakar Ahmed Gusau – The Zamfara State House of Assembly has on Wednesday passed a bill for the creation of an additional Emirate Council to be known as Bazai Emirate. This followed a bill presented to the House by the executive earlier read on the floor of the House… May 22, 2019 In "News"