By Fortune Abang  Abuja  – The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday called for stronger collaboration with the Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC) in a bid to promote national growth. Acting Managing Director of NAN, Alhaji Biola Lawal, made the call during his courtesy visit to the newly appointed Executive Secretary of NCPC, Rev. Yakubu Pam, in Abuja Lawal, who led team of NAN management staff congratulated Pam on his appointment as the Commission’s boss, saying more would be done to strengthen the mutual relationship between the two organisations. “I look forward to NAN having robust relationship with the Commission,’’ he said. Lawal said that although the relationship between NAN and NCPC had existed for long, “there is a need for both parastatals to partner and move the nation forward. According to him, there is so much to do under this COVID-19 issue because people talk, but the public will listen more you, because they have respect for you. “Despite government circular on COVID-19, people are not taking the issue serious, even the safety guideline. “If people like you are talking about it in Nigeria, whether Christian or Muslim, it is bound to have effect. “Whatever you want to do, NAN is there, it is part of our efforts to sensitise parastatals to talk. “And, whatever our achievements are, collectively, it means Nigeria is making progress. “When you are making progress and you are not talking about it, people will not know you are working,’’ he said. Lawsl said that the agency had established platforms such as SMS, NAN PR-wire and NAN multimedia services among others to promote national unity through factual and balanced news dissemination. Responding, Pam expresses appreciation to Lawal and his team for the interest to strengthen ties between both organisations. He expressed confidence on NAN operations as organisation that is capable of restoring the glory of the commission. “The only institution that can raise the image of this place is nobody but you, NAN. “I have no doubt in my heart that your visit is going to correct many wrong perceptions about NCPC. “We are going to work together not just because of NCPC, but for the image of this country,’’ Pam said. The executive secretary expressed appreciation to NAN, saying it was the second official visit by government officials since his assumption of office on July 7. (NAN) ABUJA - The Nigeria Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC) said on Thursday that Nigeria’s relationship with Israel would help strengthen its economy through technology exchange, improve security and agriculture. Its Executive Secretary, Mr John-Kennedy Opara, said this at a Forum of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja. He said… October 23, 2014 In "News" By Abujah Racheal Abuja -   The Executive Secretary of the Nigerian Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC), Rev.Tor Uja has called on the Israeli government to invest more in Nigerian economy. Uja made the call in a statement signed by Mr Celestine Ogugua, Head Media, NCPC, on Wednesday in Abuja. The… July 4, 2018 In "News" Abuja -  The Nigeria Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC) has urged the Federal Government to support organisations such as the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), to enable it to realise its mandate. A statement signed by Mr Celestine Ogugua, the Head, Media Unit of the commission and made available to… August 11, 2016 In "News"