A 10-year-old Nigerian wizkid, Emmanuella Mayaki, has got her first job as a coding instructor in the united Kingdom. She has now been hired at the Southfield Primary School in Coventry, England, as the after school coding club teacher. Mayaki it was gathered fell in love with coding at 7, and since then has been making great leaps. According to Face 2 Face Africa, she will teach other kids her age about the basics of coding including HTML and CSS. The school said they selected her for the job because of her extraordinary skill and knowledge in the area. As a mark of her phenomenal growth, in two years she will be receiving a diploma with a specialty in multiple software programs including Advanced PowerPoint, Desktop Publishing, and Advanced Excel. But she is not resting on her oars, as she is still actively learning other coding languages and programs to expand her knowledge even further. “In the club, there are about nine pupils. “Hopefully, the club will increase its members in September,” she said in an interview with Face 2 Face Africa. “Today, my Academy App among others is already on Google Play store where I pass on knowledge of coding and graphics. “I remember at age seven, I set a target to become a professional web designer and analyst at age nine, and I have accomplished it,” she added. “In the first week, I was nervous because I had never taught a group of children. “Although, my experience was sublime because I gained experience and I also enriched my skills. “My observations were that not everyone grasps how to do it on their first try and there are some that they rush through it in a breeze.” Source The Visiola Foundation is now accepting applications for the intensive 5-Week Coding Boot Camp in Abuja on July 17 – August 19, 2017. Application Timeline: Kindly register to take the Aptitude Test at 10:00 a.m. on Saturday, July 8, 2017. Offered annually? Yes Eligible Countries: Countries in Africa To Be Taken At (Country): Abuja, Nigeria About… June 30, 2017 In "Education" Helsinki  - A 10-year-old Finnish boy has received 10,000 dollars from Instagram after finding a security fault in the service, media report said on Tuesday. It said that the boy, whose name was given as Jani ,discovered the security vulnerability in the Instagram app, a mobile photo-sharing service owned by… May 3, 2016 In "Foreign" By Rukayat Adeyemi   Lagos -   The Lagos State Government said it had invested N15 billion in infrastructure in state-owned schools over the past three and a half years. Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode made this known on Thursday during the official opening of the newly-constructed Aderemi Makanjuola Ultra-Modern Lecture Theatre… November 23, 2018 In "News"