The Taraba State Independent Electoral Commission (TSIEC) on Wednesday announced that candidates of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) have won the council election in all sixteen Local Government Areas conducted on Tuesday. The Taraba State Chairman of the Commission, Dr Philip Duwe, disclosed this at a press briefing at the Commission’s Secretariat in Jalingo, the state capital. Dr Duwe said that the election was peaceful and was held in compliance with best public hygiene protocols meant to curb the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. He commended the people of the state for coming out in good numbers to participate in the election and assured that the results for the ward elections would be announced in due course. Daily Sun reports that the main opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) party earlier announced it was going to boycott the elections in protest against what it called ‘bias by the umpire.’ The Speaker of the Taraba State House of Assembly, Dr Joseph Kunini, has meanwhile congratulated all candidates of the PDP on their victory at the polls. Kunini, who spike in an exclusive interview with Daily Sun, said that the landslide victory enjoyed by the party was a testament that the people were comfortable with the party’s two-decade rule and especially the ‘rescue agenda’ of the Governor Darius Ishaku. He urged the elected officials to take their mandate seriously and work hard to bring the dividends of democracy to the people. Sun News Jalingo -   The Taraba Independent Electoral Commission (SIEC) has suspended elections in Ibi Local Government Council over violence that erupted in the area.   Dr Philip Duwe, the Chairman of the commission said this while speaking with newsmen in Jalingo on Saturday.   Duwe noted that the suspension became… February 25, 2017 In "News" Darius Ishaku of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has won the Taraba supplementary governorship election held on Saturday. The Returning Officer, Prof Kyari Mohammed, who announced the result on Sunday in Jalingo, said Ishaku scored 369,318 votes to emerge victorious. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] He said Sen. Aisha Alhassan of the All… April 26, 2015 In "News" ABUJA - The All Progressives Congress (APC) on Thursday urged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to either uphold the results from the April 11 governorship elections in Taraba or conduct fresh elections. Chief John Oyegun, the National Chairman of the party, made the appeal while addressing newsmen after the… April 16, 2015 In "News"