By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja –   Troops of Special Army Super Camp 4, Faskari, operating under Exercise Sahel Sanity have eliminated 46 bandits in an encounter at Yar Gamji town in the Batsari Local Government Area of Katsina State. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, in a statement on Tuesday said the encounter took place on July 6, following a distress call from the community. Enenche said the troops conducted the operation shortly after their induction into operation by the Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, during the 2020 Nigerian Army Day Celebration. He said the troops engaged the criminals and neutralised 46 bandits in the encounter, while others escaped with gunshot wounds. According to him, the troops are presently in exploitation phase and have dominated the general area with aggressive patrols. “The general public is enjoined to disregard news making the rounds in some online media giving unsubstantiated and false information on the incident. “The chief of army staff congratulates the troops for their swift response and gallantry,” Enenche said. NAN By Sumaila Ogbaje Abuja - Troops of 31 Artillery Brigade of the Nigerian Army, under Operation Whirl Stroke, on Saturday, rescued seven kidnapped victims after an encounter with bandits at Dogon Gona Forest area of Niger State. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in a statement… April 12, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Defence Headquarters, on Wednesday, said troops of Operation Hadarin Daji, on April 20, killed over 21 armed bandits in an encounter at Zurmi, in Zurmi Local Government Area of Zamfara State. Maj.-Gen John Enenche, the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, who made this known in a… April 22, 2020 In "Top Stories" The combined troops of Guards Brigade, Nigerian Army operating with Troops of Operation Whirl Stroke and supported by the Nigerian Air Force have pounced on some fleeing Boko Haram and Daru Salam sect members in Toto, Nasarawa State. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed at a news… April 17, 2020 In "News"