By Ifeoma Aka Enugu  –  An NGO, Bensther Development Foundation, has urged the Federal Government to review its policy on drug abuse to enable addicts seek voluntary help. Mr Nonso Maduka, Executive Director of the foundation, gave the advice in Enugu at a forum on ” Effective Drug Control Approach.” Maduka said decriminalising drug use would help addicts come out voluntarily and seek help to overcome their drug dependency. He noted that many drug users were willing to seek for help but were often afraid of being stigmatised by the society. Maduka said that decriminalising drug addiction would also create a safer space that would protect people from human rights abuses by law enforcement operatives. “There is so much human right abuses among the law enforcement agencies under the pretence of waging war against drug abuse. “People are beaten, molested, extorted and sometimes raped by drug enforcement officers,” he said. According to him, the continued incarceration of drug addicts will not stop dependants but encourage their peers to indulge in the act. He urged the Federal Government to change its approach toward controlling drugs in Nigeria, noting that the existing policy had not worked. Maduka also called on state governments in the South East Zone to establish standard centres where drug addicts could be rehabilitated and reintegrated back to the society. Mrs Ijeoma Nnaji, South East Zonal Coordinator of the Community Intervention Network on Drug, advised journalists to help change the narrative on drug abuse. Nnaji said that collaborative efforts by everyone was needed to direct drug addicts on the right path. She also urged the public to see drug addiction as an health issue. One of the participants and General Manager of Coal City FM, Mrs Joy Obitimata, said that the workshop had further enlightened her on the management of drug addiction. (NAN) By George Edomwonyi Auchi - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) on Wednesday called for cooperation among relevant agencies in the fight against drug abuse among Nigerian youths. The NDLEA Commander in Edo, Mr Buba Wakawa, made the call in Auchi at the maiden Drug Awareness Quiz Competition for… January 30, 2019 In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As an outcome of the roundtable convened by the President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, in December last year in Kano on the rising drug abuse in the country, the Senate has developed two draft bills for legislation to tackle the menace.   The proposed… April 1, 2018 In "News" By Ibironke Ariyo Abuja, - The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) says it is partnering with the University of Abuja (UNIABUJA) to curb the menace of drugs among students. The Chairman, NDLEA Col. Muhammad Abdallah, made this disclosure at a sensitisation campaign on drug abuse at the university on… June 21, 2019 In "Metro"