Dogo Shammah, the Nasarawa State Commissioner for Information, Culture, and Tourism, says all members of the state executive will go on 14-day self-isolation from Friday as part of precautions amidst the pandemic, The PUNCH reports. Shammah said the move became necessary following the testing of the samples of the state Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice, Abdulkareem Kana, which returned positive for coronavirus. He said the self-isolation was to begin immediately until the test results of samples taken from the commissioners returned. The commissioner said the step was taken as a precaution because the infected attorney general had attended a State Executive Council meeting, chaired by Governor Abdullahi Sule on July 3. Shammah said the directive was from the governor, on the advice of the state Deputy Governor, Emmanuel Akabe, who is also the Chairman of the state COVID-19 task force. The commissioner called on residents of the state not to panic but continue to adhere to all COVID-19 protocols such as wearing of face masks, social distancing, among others. Source The Bauchi State government has confirmed a second case of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr. Aliyu Maigoro, announced this during a press briefing on Thursday in Bauchi. According to him, the second case is a 62-year-old male and a close friend of… March 26, 2020 In "News" Wife of the Ondo State governor, Mrs Betty Akeredolu and a security aide have tested positive for coronavirus, Nigerian Tribune has reported. The paper said a government official confided in them on Thursday. The official said: “The samples of the First Lady which was collected two days ago and one… July 2, 2020 In "News" Baba Tela, deputy governor of Bauchi state, has tested positive for COVID-19, TheCable reports. Mukhtar Gidado, one of the media aides of the governor, broke the news in a statement late Tuesday. Gidado said the deputy governor, who is also the chairman of the state task force on COVID-19, has… June 3, 2020 In "Politics"