The Vice Chancellor of Benue State University, BSU, Makurdi, Professor Msugh Hembe, Thursday has tested positive for coronavirus. The Professor disclosed the news himself through his verified Facebook account, said that the results of his test came out on Monday and returned positive. This comes after the university authorities had on Tuesday decontaminated the school which fueled speculations that the Vice-Chancellor and top management staff of the University had tested positive to the virus. However, a statement signed by the institution’s Principal Assistant Registrar (Information & Public Relations), Mr Tser Vanger, had stated that the rumours were unfounded. But in his verified Facebook account, the Vice-Chancellor urged all staff of the University and his close associates to check themselves, isolate and be pragmatic. Prof. Hembe n his statement said: “On Monday, June 29, 2020, my test result for the COVID-19 returned positive. “I had fever and body fatigue the previous week, I have been in isolation since I found out about my positive exposure to the virus. I am of course managing the virus now. I must at this point express my appreciation to the… Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom and also the state Task Force on COVID-19 headed by the deputy governor, Benson Abounu, for their timely support to ensure I get the required medical attention. “Staff of Benue State University and close associates are urged to check themselves, isolate and be pragmatic. The virus doesn’t move, we move it. Take responsibility,” the statement read. Source Since Nigeria recorded the index case of COVID-19 on February 27, the number of confirmed cases keeps increasing. As at 09:30pm on April 7, there were 254 confirmed cases reported by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC).Number of deaths recorded so far is 7 while 44 people have recovered… April 8, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Chief Medical Director, University College Hospital, Ibadan, Prof Jesse A Otegbayo, has tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement personally signed by the CMD. The Statement reads: “On Monday 23rd March, we commenced a 12man quarterly board meeting which was meant to… March 29, 2020 In "Top Stories" ABUJA - Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari has tested positive to coronavirus, ThisDay reports. It also said President Muhammadu Buhari has tested negative for the COVID-19 virus (Coronavirus), following a test for the disease that was carried out yesterday on the president by the Nigeria… March 24, 2020 In "News"