An Abeokuta Magistrates’ Court in Isabo, Ogun, on Thursday sentenced a 47-year -old man, Omotola Ayokanmi, to three years imprisonment for impersonation. The Magistrate, Mrs Folake Ogundele, sentenced Ayokanmi after he pleaded guilty to a charge of impersonation. Ogundele sentenced the convict without an option of fine. Earlier, the Prosecutor, Insp Fortune Akhenegor, had told the court that the defendant committed the offence on July 16 at Federal High Court, Abeokuta. Akhenegor said that the defendant unlawfully presented himself as legal practitioner. He said that the convict went ahead to move an application for bail for a matter he appeared in as a counsel at the Federal High Court in Abeokuta. “The judge found fault in his address to the court which made the judge interrogate him. ” He later confessed that he only had a diploma in law and had never been called to the Bar. “He confessed that he had been using his wife‘s gown who was called to Bar in 2006, but not practising. ”The defendant has been practicing since 2007, ” he said. Akhenegor said the offence contravened Section 484 of the Criminal Law of Ogun, 2006. (NAN) By Sandra UmehLagos - Justice Mojisola Olatoregun of a Federal High Court, Lagos, Thursday, sentenced a former Managing Director of the defunct Integrated Microfinance Bank Ltd Simon Akinteye to four years in prison, over 166.9 million dollars fraud. The court sentenced the convict to four years concurrent term of imprisonment… February 21, 2019 In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan - Justice Nathaniel Ayo-Emmanuel of a Federal High Court, Ibadan, on Thursday sentenced one Bayo Mafo to three years’ imprisonment for impersonating a customs officer and obtaining money under false pretenses. Ayo-Emmanuel said that he convicted and sentenced Mafo based on overwhelming evidence against him. “I… April 11, 2019 In "Metro" LAGOS - A Federal High Court in Lagos on Wednesday sentenced a 26-year-old apprentice, John Daniel to two years imprisonment for trafficking in hemp. Daniel, who was arraigned on June 30, was convicted on charge of unlawfully dealing in 14.3 kg of cannabis sativa also known as hemp. He had… October 8, 2014 In "News"