By Ahmed Kaigama Bauchi –  The Bauchi State Police Commissioner, CP Lawan Jimeta, on Monday decorated 69 newly promoted officers to various ranks. Speaking during the decoration in Bauchi, Jimeta called on the newly promoted officers to re-double their efforts for better performance. He said that the promoted officers consist of 3 Deputy Superintendents of Police (DSPs) to Superintendents of Police (SPs), and 66 Inspectors to Assistant Superintendents of Police (ASP). Jimeta urged the Officers to be hard working and dedicated to their duty and treat their subordinates with kindness. “Be disciplined, rededicate yourself to the service and be responsive to the responsibilities that come with the new rank,” he said. According to the police chief, the decoration is sequel to the recent nationwide promotions of 6,601 of officers and men of the force. Jimeta congratulated the newly promoted officers on behalf of the Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu. He also advised them to shun all unprofessional conducts, human right violation, bribery and corruption. Responding on behalf of the newly decorated officers, SP Sule Sani, appreciated the IGP for considering them worthy of elevation to their new ranks. (NAN) By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - The Commissioner of Police in Enugu State, Mr Ahmad Abdurrahman, has urged the newly promoted officers of his Command to shun all acts of unprofessionalism. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, made this known in a statement issued in Enugu on Friday. The… July 24, 2020 In "News" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mr Mohammed Adamu has said that a total of 41,863 police personnel had been promoted in the last 19 months. Adamu disclosed this on Monday during the decoration of 10 newly promoted Senior Officers in Abuja. “Since the inception… July 20, 2020 In "News" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector General of Police (I-G), Mr Mohammed Adamu on Wednesday said a total of 10,114 police personnel had been promoted  since the inception of his administration in Jan. 2019. Adamu disclosed this in Abuja during the decoration of newly promoted Commissioners of Police. He… January 8, 2020 In "News"