Following Kanye West’s cheating allegation that his wife, Kim Kardashian met with Meek Mill at a Los Angeles hotel which prompted him to seek for divorce, a picture of the meeting has surfaced. The picture was taken at a Los Angeles hotel where Kim met Meek Mill to discuss prison reform back in 2018. Earlier this week, Kanye had shocked fans after he called out his wife and her mother Kris Jenner. He said that he had been “trying to get divorced” from Kim since she met up with Meek Mill at the Waldorf in Beverly Hills. He added that Kim was “out of line” for that. Meek Mill had reacted to Kanye’s allegation saying “Sh** is cappp cmon” before the latest picture evidence surfaced. Cap is slang for lies. In the photo, it clearly shows Kim, 39, and the 33-year-old rapper, real name Robert Rihmeek Williams, meeting in a professional capacity. Kim and Meek were joined by philanthropist Clara Wu at a rooftop restaurant, where they are believed to have discussed prison reform. After the photo emerged on Twitter, Meek Mill took to his Twitter account to tweet: “Being around the wrong environment and wrong people will make you forget your worth! Stay focused.” Source Kanye West is tweeting again and this time, he's saying some shocking things about his family, Michael Jackson, and other people. He said he's been trying to divorce Kim Kardashian for years now. He said he began considering the divorce after Kim met Meek Mill at a hotel for prison… July 22, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - American celebrity couple, Kanye West and Kim Kardashian has helped Paul Algarin, a North Carolina man recently released from prison remove his face tattoo. This gesture came after it was revealed Kim Kardashian had reportedly helped free as many as 17 inmates by secretly funding… May 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" American rapper, Kanye West has mentioned that he is moving back to his home state of Chicago, and never coming back to Los Angeles. The rapper made the announcement to a crowd of excited high-schoolers, during an ‘Open Mike’ event hosted by Chance the Rapper. Following the news, TMZ says… September 19, 2018 In "Entertainment"