By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata POST) – CUGFoundation has warned that it is dangerous to resume schools before December 2020, moreso that the cross country examples do not support the reopening of schools for learners any time before the above date. The Trustee Chairman of CUGFoundation, AIG Dr Charles Ugomuoh disclosed this in a statement he personally signed and made available to Sundiata Post in Abuja. AIG Ugomuoh, who reminded that there was increased incidence of COVID-19 infection shortly after the relaxation of the restrictions in Nigeria, reminded the COVID-19 curve is yet to be flattened going by the predictions and available records. He therefore advised that the National Common Entrance Examination and other Examination conducted by NECO be shifted to the year 2021 while Nigerian government should proceed to extend Gants to both private and public schools to create additional infrastructure that are COVID-Targeted. The statement reads in full: “We note the increasing incidence of the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. This is shortly after the relaxation of the restriction of usual economic and social activities across Nigeria. It is argued that the three months lockdown must have slowed the rate of spread of the virus across Nigeria. Though, no concrete evidence is adduced for this, it is clear that the probability is higher that the restriction of activities, naturally, slows down the possibility of transmission. However, the scope and magnitude remains indeterminate if clear scientific basis for conclusions are not established. Nonetheless, going by the world Health Organization’s, WHO’s, population per capita infection rate, Nigeria is expected to be at its peak of the curve at a minimum of 270,000 COVID-19 infections. This is the rate at which the natural trend of the disease is expected to head southwards. Relying on the statement by the National Coordinator of the PTF, that the underestimation error margin of the actual rate of infection compared to reported cases is a multiple of 5, then, the current coordinate of the Nigerian COVID-19 Curves as at July 18, 2020: 170,000. Hence, Nigeria is projected to peak in COVID-19 infection by November/December, 2020. In view of this, when exactly is the best time to open schools, and should Nigeria participate in the West African Senior School Certificate Examinations WASSCE? A summary of cross-country allusions could assist. Primarily, cross country examples do not support the reopening of schools for learners any time before December 2020. Beyond Africa, the examples in India, Mexico, Brazil, the United States, Canada and China, among others, show that it is very dangerous to reopen schools when the curve is trending upwards. Back home in Africa, the situation is not different. In Ghana, the incidence started rising after schools were reopened, and cross sections of Ghanaians are insisting that the schools should be forced to close down immediately. The Ghanaian government is however not disposed to closing down schools after its reopening. Infections had therefore continued tom rise among learners and teachers in Ghana. A notable feature of the Ghanaian example is that the government is not discriminating between private and public schools in its financial and social interventions, including other control measures. However, Ghana is a Unitary State. The Ghanaian Public Universities have an excellent strategy for safeguarding and providing safety for foreign students amidst COVID-19 – A Semester was successfully completed during this period, using high-tech online infrastructure. The Teachers’ Trade Union in South Africa is insisting that the Government should quickly reverse its earlier decision and act to reopening schools as the incidence of infections had continued to rise among teachers and learners, a striking feature in South Africa is that parents have refused to release their wards and children to schools. The South African School have continued to witness very low level of attendance by learners. A good number of teachers had also been infected since the schools were reopened-Teachers are also recording very high sick leaves. The Kenyan government was swift and schools has remained closed. The West African Examination Council, WAEC, had suggested that the WASSCE may commence August 4 th , 2020. Most schools and some State Government in Nigeria are inching to reopen schools, so as to prepare students for WASSCE and other terminal examinations. IT IS THE POSITION OF CUGFOUNDATION THAT: By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Retired Assistant Inspector (AIG) of Police, Dr. Charles Ugomuoh, a retired Assistant Inspector-General of Police (AIG) and former senatorial candidate, has advised the Imo State governorship candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Senator Hope Uzodinma and Action Alliance (AA), Uche Nwosu to… March 23, 2019 In "Top Stories" There is little doubt that unlike in some other states, education policy makers, executors and managers in Oyo State worked very hard to be in a state of preparedness for the anticipated reopening of schools closed in March 2020 across the nation due to the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic. It is,… July 14, 2020 In "Opinion" Like all crowd-pulling places and events, educational institutions are high-risk areas for coronavirus (COVID-19) infections. But the worrying question is: for how long should educational institutions be on a lockdown given the continuing increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 infections in the country. For example, "Nigeria on Saturday… June 1, 2020 In "Opinion"