By Ahmed Abba Gujba (Yobe)  –  Yobe State Government on Friday said it had discharged 51 COVID-19 patients who had fully recovered from the isolation centres. Dr Muhammed Gana, the state Commissioner for Health, said this on Friday in Gujba Local Government area while on sensitisation visit to traditional rulers and religious leaders. Gana was represented by Abdullahi Danchuwa, the Director, Nursing Services, Yobe State Ministry of Health and Human Services. The commissioner said the total number of patients who recovered and discharged from the isolation centres in the state were 51 as at July 17. He said that the total samples of COVID-19 collected in the state were 229, while confirmed cases were 62. He listed the numbers as 22 from Damaturu, 15 from Nguru, 13 from Bade, three from Potiskum, one each from Geidam, Karasuwa, Yusufari, Tarmuwa, Bursari, Fika, Fune, Gulani and Gujba, respectively”. Gana also said the total confirmed cases amongst health care workers in the state were 14. “Seven Nurses, five Doctors, one Physiotherapist and one Laboratory Scientist and the total death from COVID 19 Infection in the state were eight,” he said. Meanwhile, the commissioner said the aim of the sensitisation visit was to equip the district heads and religious leaders on basic case definition of COVID-19. (NAN) By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - The Edo Government on Thursday announced the discharge of 130 more coronavirus patients, bringing the total number of discharged patients in the state to 448. The Governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, made the disclosure on his official twitter handle, @GovernorObaseki. He said the patients who had… July 2, 2020 In "Health" By Ahmed Abba DAMATURU - The Yobe State Committee on COVID-19 Prevention and Control has said the suspected Coronavirus case recorded in Nguru Local Government Area has been confirmed negative. Dr Mohammed Gana, the state Commissioner for Health and also a member of the COVID-19 committee, declared this on Thursday… April 17, 2020 In "News" By Oluwafunke Ishola/Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government on Thursday announced the recovery and discharge of 36 more coronavirus (COVID-19) patients who tested negative twice to the disease. Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, said in a statement that a total of 1,364 patients have so far been… June 26, 2020 In "Health"