The current Miss Swimsuit UK has been stripped of her title after a post from her Facebook account said “All Lives Matter” and questioned if George Floyd was innocent. Jasmine Archer-Jones won the 2019/2020 title last September but it has now been handed over to the 2018 winner Kinna Louise following her decrowning. All trace of Jasmine’s win the title has also been quietly removed from the pageant’s website. The 23-year-old’s account also questioned whether Black Lives Matter protestors were using the murder of George Floyd as an ‘excuse to let loose’ on the post she made on June 3. The now deleted post said ‘All Lives Matter’ and had ‘yet to see hard evidence’ that George Floyd was ‘innocent’ when he died. The post read: “If you look deeply into statistics, more UNARMED WHITE people DIED than BLACK last year.” It added: “There is video footage of him refusing to get out of his car, which warrants for the police officers to use whatever means necessary to restrain the person. “He also SUPPOSEDLY had drugs in his system, but I doubt they will release the autopsy now… Oh and let’s not forget that George Floyd also has a criminal record dating back to the 90s.” The post finished saying: “I DO NOT discriminate against any person. But THIS IS NOT OK.” The post was marked as ‘personal opinion’ saying ‘If you don’t wanna know don’t read’ but after organisers of Miss Swimsuit UK were alerted to it she was stripped of the title. The Facebook post was deleted afterwards. A source told Sun Online : “Jasmine has tried to sweep it under the carpet and continue on as if nothing has happened but organisers acted quickly to airbrush her from their history. “They have posted in support of the Black Lives Matter protest and could not afford to be associated with her.” After Jasmine, who has moved from Chester to Texas, won the title she went on to finish 13th in the world at the Miss Swimsuit USA final. She did have a link on her Instgram page to the competition website and the organisation’s own page on the platform linked to her social media as the “current queen”. But she is claimed to have been told to remove the link.. In a further humiliating move she is also no longer listed in the previous winners category of the pageant’s website and any photos of her have been deleted. Miss Swimsuit UK posted in support of the BLM movement last month shortly before any trace of Jasmine was wiped off its website. Mirror Online has contacted Jasmine for a comment. Source: www.mirror.co.uk Los Angeles - Black power, suffering and the fight for justice took centre stage at the BET awards on Sunday, the first Black celebrity event in the U.S. since nationwide mass protests broke out this month over systemic racism. The show, which celebrates Black excellence in music, film, sports and… June 29, 2020 In "Foreign" By Joyce Remi- Babayeju Abuja (Sundiata Post)-ActionAid Nigeria, AAN, an international organization in a Rally organized in Abuja today decried all forms of corruption at the Federal Government level and called on government to engage in responsive investment in all forms of economic and education and health care infrastructure to… June 15, 2020 In "News" Mark Zuckerberg has revealed plans to use his platform to combat racial injustice as he spoke about racism and police brutality. The Facebook founder made this known as he mourned the murder of, not just George Floyd, but also Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery and others. Mark Zuckerberg reacted to the… June 1, 2020 In "Foreign"