Mohammad Tawhidi, popularly known as Imam of Peace, has led a social media campaign for the arrest of President Muhammadu Buhari over the rising insecurity in the country and the government’s decision to free repentant Boko Haram terrorists. The Muslim influencer and reformist Imam is leading the campaign with the hashtag #ArrestBuhari now trending on number one on Twitter. DAILY POST reported earlier that the Nigerian military had reintegrated 601 ex-Boko Haram terrorists into the society. They include 14 foreign nationals from Cameroon, Chad and Niger. The Coordinator, Operation Safe Corridor, Major General Bamidele Shafa made the announcement on Saturday. The former fighters were freed at the DRR Camp in Mallam Sidi, Gombe State. Reacting to the development, Imam of Peace tweeted, “Buhari should be arrested, dragged into police van over insecurity “Nigerians are rejecting the re-integration of Boko Haram militants into society. They’re asking for them to be taken to the Government House since the President freed them. #ArrestBuhari.” “Raise your voices against freeing thousands of Boko Haram terrorists. #ArrestBuhari.” Many Nigerians on Twitter have since joined the call for President Buhari’s arrest. Popular Islamic cleric, Imam of Peace has called out President Muhammadu Buhari on Twitter that he is protecting the terrorists group, Boko Haram, while his Chadian counterpart is killing them. Recall that it was reported that Chadian Troops killed no fewer than 1,000 Boko Haram terrorists. Imam of Peace also… April 11, 2020 In "News" Abuja  -   President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday in Abuja said corruption was largely responsible for the inability of the Nigerian military to quickly defeat Boko Haram. Speaking at an audience with the Grand Imam of Al-Azhar, Dr Ahmed El-Tayeb, President Buhari said that the loss of 14 local government… May 18, 2016 In "Top Stories" Presidency hits CAN, says ransom payment allegation divisiveACF, Afenifere, Atiku fault president’s claim on ratio of Boko Haram victims Deji Elumoye, Omololu Ogunmade, Chuks Okocha, Olawale Ajimotokan, Onyebuchi Ezigbo in Abuja, Segun James in Lagos and John Shiklam in Kaduna Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Concerns about worsening insecurity in the… February 6, 2020 In "Top Stories"