St. Petersburg (Russia)  –  Zenit St. Petersburg have signed centre-back Dejan Lovren from Liverpool on a three-year contract, the Russian champions announced on Monday. Lovren, who joined Liverpool from Southampton in 2014, leaves Anfield after making 185 appearances in all competitions, scoring eight goals. No financial details were disclosed but British media reported Liverpool have agreed a deal worth around 11 million pounds with Zenit St. Petersburg for Lovren. Lovren was part of the Liverpool squad which won the 2018/2019 UEFA Champions League, and the Super Cup and Club World Cup in 2019. This was in addition to the English Premier League (EPL) crown in 2019/2020, which ended Liverpool’s 30-year top-flight title drought. The Croatia international was limited to 15 club appearances across all competitions this season, after Joe Gomez and Virgil van Dijk emerged as Juergen Klopp’s first-choice pairing in the central defence. “In the first part of the season until he got injured, he was in the team and had super games. Absolutely super games,” Klopp told the club’s website. “Really good, in the air (like) a machine, and I really liked working together with him. It will be interesting to follow Zenit St. Petersburg now.” Capped 57 times by Croatia, Lovren was part of the team that finished as runners-up in the 2018 FIFA World Cup, losing 2-4 to France in the final. Zenit St. Petersburg successfully defended their Russian Premier League this season, winning the competition for the sixth time. (Reuters/NAN) By Toby Davis LONDON  - Liverpool's Europa League campaign ended at the scene of one of their greatest European triumphs as they lost 5-4 on penalties to Besiktas in the Ataturk Stadium on Thursday on a woeful night for British clubs. Brendan Rodgers's side were the highest profile casualties of… February 27, 2015 In "Sports" Arsenal will be looking to win in Dortmund for the second season running, while the opening night of the Uefa Champions League group stage also sees Liverpool's return and last season's runners-up Atletico Madrid in action. The opening eight fixtures in Groups A, B, C and D on Tuesday previewed:… September 15, 2014 In "Sports" By Brian Homewood MONACO  - Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho is to meet one of his former clubs in the Champions League group stages while Paris St Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic will take on Malmo, the club where the Swede began his career. Premier League winners Chelsea were drawn in Group… August 28, 2015 In "Sports"