A middle-aged woman who was allegedly raped to coma in a farmland at Ebenebe in Awka North local government area of Anambra State by suspected herdsmen has reportedly died in her home state of Ebonyi. The woman, whose name was given as Agnes Okekpe from Abakaliki local government area, was hired by a farmer in the community to harvest some crops in their farmland. While working in the farm in December 2019, two herdsmen who came with herds of cattle gang-raped her till she lost consciousness. She was later taken to her state by her relations for treatment where she recently died. President-general of Ebenebe, Mr. Paul Nnatuanya, while narrating the story, said the woman’s ordeal is no different from what his people have been experiencing, in addition to the destruction of farmlands by suspected herdsmen. He said: “The information we got from Ebonyi State was that Agnes has died. After she was raped to coma, our people took her to the hospital where she was revived. She died as a result of the trauma she suffered. “After she was discharged from the hospital, she travelled back to her place in Ebonyi State; perhaps, to continue treatment there. “She didn’t continue with the business she came for. “Her colleague who was able to escape said that before the rape, the herdsmen hit the woman with a log of wood, which made her weak and unable to raise the alarm. “The herdsmen also took the money the woman tied on the her wrapper and it was the victim’s colleague who found her lying helplessly on the farm, that ran back to the town to alert the residents. When the villagers stormed the scene, she was already lying unconscious on the ground.” Source By Joy Odigie Ewu  -  Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Wednesday evening visited and condoled the families of two women who were allegedly murdered by suspected Fulani Herdsmen in Ewu on May 22, in the Esan-Central Local Government Area. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the deceased… June 1, 2017 In "News" •Fleeing villagers By EMMANUEL ADEYEMI LOKOJA - Scores of farmers and some rural folks have been killed as gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen allegedly invaded villages in Omala Local Government Area of Kogi State. The herdsmen were said to have simultaneously invaded the communities in the early hours of… April 17, 2020 In "News" By Chukwuemeka Opara Abakaliki -   The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association has condemned Monday’s clash in Onunwakpu community of Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi which led to the death of three farmers and a herdsman. The National Secretary of the association, Alhaji Baba Usman, made the condemnation on… March 13, 2018 In "News"