Berlin  –  Germany’s Bundeswehr military said it had launched an investigation after tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition went missing from its inventory, a Defence Ministry spokesman confirmed to dpa on Friday. “If crimes are involved, it goes without saying that the public prosecutor’s office will be brought in,’’ the spokesman said, adding that the reasons for the missing stock remained unclear. Newspaper Die Welt had previously reported that at least 60,000 rounds of ammunition had gone missing since 2010, citing a confidential reply from the government to a request for information from several parties in parliament. The government reportedly said that, of more than 96,000 missing cartridges of varying calibres, only around 36,000 could be located. This does not include 48,000 rounds that went missing from the army’s elite Special Commando Forces (KSK) Unit, which has come under intense scrutiny and criticism recently due to right-wing extremism in its ranks. “We are now investigating intensively and assessing our practices not just in the KSK,’’ the ministry spokesman said. (dpa/NAN) The military has alerted the neighbouring countries to the missing NAF aircraft, even as there is anxiety over what could have been responsible for the plane’s disappearance. According to military sources, the search-and-rescue team “is not ruling out extending their search beyond our border,” but that would be after combing… September 15, 2014 In "News" Port Harcourt   -   The Nigerian Army said on Tuesday that it arrested 17 suspected cultists and armed robbers alleged to have carried out several killings and theft in Rivers. Capt. Eli Lazarus, the Assistant Director, Army Public Relations, 2 Brigade, Nigerian Army, Port Harcourt, presented the suspects, arms… May 11, 2016 In "News" NAIROBI   -      Uganda helped funnel European arms and ammunition to South Sudan at the height of its civil war, circumventing a European Union arms embargo on the East African country, a weapons monitoring group said on Thursday. British-based Conflict Armament Research (CAR) said South Sudan arranged for the… November 29, 2018 In "Foreign"