By Muhammad Adam Yola  –   The Adamawa Government has fixed Aug. 4, 2020 as the resumption date for students in primary six, as well as Junior Secondary Schools (JSS) and Senior Secondary Schools (SSS) students that will be writing their terminal examinations.This is contained in a statement signed by the State Commissioner for Education and Human Capital, Mrs Wilbina Jackson, and made available to newsmen on Wednesday in Yola.Jackson in the statement said, “In spite of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ministry wishes to inform parents and relevant stakeholders that education must strive under all conditions.“Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri has directed that the resumption date for the 2019/2020 Academic session in the state for the existing students in Primary six, JSS3 and SSS3 is Aug. 4, 2020.“Subsequently, resumption is to be observed strictly within the necessary COVID-19 preventive guidelines as outlined by the NCDC,” she said.She listed the guidelines to include: frequent and proper hand washing with soap or rubbing of hands with alcohol-based sanitizer, use of face masks and maintaining physical and social distancing.“And in view of that, the ministry will liaise with critical stakeholders for smooth resumption ” Jackson said.She called on traditional rulers, religious leaders and other stakeholders to educate their wards and communities over the development.The commissioner also advised proprietors of private schools to liaise with the ministry for guidance and direction before opening their schools. ( NAN) Oyo State Government has modified the resumption of schools slated for June 29. Accordingly to the new arrangement, only teachers are to resume on June 29th while the terminal classes students resume a week later. The Government had earlier directed all terminal classes including Primary Six (Pry 6), Junior Secondary… June 23, 2020 In "News" Ariwodola Idowu   Ado Ekiti -   Ekiti State Government on Saturday announced extention of the current long term holidays for students in public and private primary and secondary schools. This is contained in a statement by the state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Mr. Jide Egunjobi, and made… September 8, 2018 In "News" By Stephen Adeleye Lokoja - The Kogi Government on Tuesday warned principals of both private and public secondary schools in the state against overcharging students for the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) registration fees. Mr Eric Aina, the Permanent Secretary, Kogi State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, gave the… January 7, 2020 In "News"