By Habibu Harisu Sokoto –   Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Wednesday expressed concern over the rising cases of politicisation in the operations of government agencies by public office holders in the county. Tambuwal made the observation when he received the National Chairman of the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB), Prof. Muhammad Isah, at Government House in Sokoto. The governor reacted on some revelation made by Prof. Isa on the number of persons benefiting from the state in the conditional cash transfer, which is not much. He said contrary to what the Chairman disclosed, the state government has been giving all necessary support to the programme. According to him, some highly placed personnel in Abuja were, however, sabotaging its efforts and shortchanging the people of Sokoto State. ” Nonetheless, the state government has established a high profile team under the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Alhaji Saidu Umar. “This is in collaboration with the leaders handling the programme in order to ensure that significant improvement is recorded on the matter. ” I am appealing to the federal government to properly fund the CCB to enable it perform its duties effectively,” Tambuwal said. On COVID-19 palliatives received from the federal government, Tambuwal explained that items were handed over to the state’s Zakkat and Waqaf Commission (SOZECOM), which distributed same judiciously to the needy. He called on the public service to give maximum cooperation to the CCB to encourage it in conducting its duty without any hitch. Earlier in his address, the national chairman of CCB, Prof. Isah said they were in the state to monitor the distribution of COVID-19 palliatives provided by the federal government to different states. He expressed satisfaction with the method used by sokoto State Government in the distribution exercise of the palliatives. Isa also challenged the state government to intensify efforts to ensure that the number conditional cash transfer beneficiaries registered increases. He stressed on the need fot the state government to intensify the effort on public enlightenment and training of officers that are suppose to handle the programme. The CCB Chairman had earlier condoled the governor, his family and people of Sokoto state over the death of Inuwa Abdulkadir, former Vice Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC). NAN Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Thursday approved the immediate dissolution of the 23 local government caretaker committees in the state. Similarly, all the secretaries of the councils were relieved of their appointments. This is contained in a statement by the Governor's spokesman, Malam Imam Imam, made… September 3, 2015 In "News" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State on Tuesday advised scientists to intensify efforts on productive research to fast track sustainable health, economic and agricultural development in the country. Tambuwal made the call at a symposium tagged-“Chemistry: A viable tool for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals’’,… March 3, 2020 In "Politics" Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State has approved the appointment of a 21-member delegation from the state to the 2015 Hajj in Saudi Arabia. The News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) reports that the high-powered delegation is to be headed by the state’s Deputy Governor, Alhaji Ahmed Aliyu,… August 14, 2015 In "News"