By ADELANI ADEPEGBA, Abuja ABUJA – No fewer than five members of a family were swept away by a flood at Giri Quarters, Abuja on Saturday. The Director-General, FCT Emergency Management Agency, Abbas Idriss, confirmed the incident, stating that a body had been recovered while the search for the others was ongoing. He said, “There was a family of five at Giri Quarters that were swept away by a flood and we have recovered the body of a family member; we are still searching for the remaining four. There was no flood at Lokogoma, though it rained heavily. We are opening channels and drainage in Lokogoma, so the water has free access now.” Idriss also disclosed that other parts of the FCT, including Kuje and Gwagwalada, also recorded flooding during an overnight downpour on Saturday. He, however, said he was not aware of any casualty in the Gwagwalada incident. The FEMA boss added, “I’m aware there was a flood in many places in FCT, including Gwagwalada, Giri Quarters, part of Kuje and a building collapse there. I’m only aware of the casualty in Giri, I don’t have any information on an alleged casualty in Gwagwalada.” Unconfirmed reports said about 30 persons were feared missing in the flood in Gwagwalada with the Abuja-Lokoja highway rendered unpassable. Many motorists were reportedly trapped as the road and buildings in the area were submerged. The bridge over the Gwagwalada river just before the Wazobia motor parks was also said to have been flooded. (The PUNCH) By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on Saturday cautioned Abuja residents against driving during heavy downpour to avoid endangering their lives. Director-General of FEMA, Alhaji Abbas Idriss, gave the warning while reacting to flood incident that claimed the lives of some residents in Abuja recently.… July 25, 2020 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), has advised the residents of Kubwa, Gwagwa-Karimo, Kuje, Airport Road and Gwagwalada to be wary of possibleflooding. The Director-General of FEMA, Alhaji Abbas Idriss, in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Saturday in… August 10, 2019 In "News" Abuja  -   Two people died and at least 10 are missing after floods swept across parts of Suleja, near Abuja weekend, the chairman of Suleja Local Government, Abdullahi Maje, said. Mr. Maje said two bodies were recovered from the affected area on Sunday. He said 100 houses were affected, while… July 10, 2017 In "News"