By Okuanwan Offiong Lagos –   The MTN Foundation on Wednesday urged Nigerians to nominate areas that are in dire need of community projects for its ‘What Can We Do Together’ (WCWDT). Its Acting Executive Secretary, Odunayo Sanya, said in a statement that the strength of the project was to suggest what could be done working together at the community level for the common good of the community. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that MTNF `What Can We Do Together’ project is a community based “give-back” initiative designed to get Nigerians to nominate selected projects for particular communities to be implemented by MTN foundation “The strength of ‘What Can We Do Together’ comes from us working together toward the common good. “The need to keep doing this has been heightened by the advent of COVID-19. We call on Nigerians to nominate communities that are in need of these projects. “Previous editions of the WCWDT have enabled social interventions for 510 communities across 454 local government areas of the country,’’ Sanya said. He, however, said that this year, nominations were sought for solar-powered boreholes and ICT laboratories as well as specific interventions against the unprecedented challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. He encouraged interested individuals to visit the website or send MTN to 321 before the closing date of 31 July, 2020. He said that the foundation would execute specific interventions for COVID-19 in partnership with the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). (NAN) By Tolu Aiyegbusi Abuja - The MTN Foundation has awarded scholarship worth N200,000 per session to 6,000 students of science and technology in some secondary schools across the country. The Director of MTN Foundation, Mr Denis Okoro, disclosed this at the Regional Nominators’ Appreciation Dinner, tagged: “What Can We Do… October 4, 2019 In "News" By Veronica Dariya Bwari (Abuja) - The MTN Foundation “What Can We Do Together’’ initiative, has donated clinical equipment to Dutse-Makaranta Primary Health Center in Bwari Area Council, Federal Capital Territory.The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports, Mr. Andy Esun, the Foundation’s representative delivered the equipment to the health centre… August 2, 2019 In "News" By Chiazo Ogbolu Lagos - Kano State Government has disclosed plans to set up an agency in partnership with MTN Nigeria, a major GSM operator to fight substance abuse in the state. The Executive Secretary, MTN Foundation, Ms Nonny Ugboma made this known in a statement made available to newsmen… July 28, 2019 In "News"