ABUJA – The British High Commission in Nigeria has said visa applications centres in the country would open from July 28. The Commission noted that Nigerians hoping to visit the UK could do so once international flights resume. The Federal Government had in March shut the country’s airspace to domestic and international flights as part of measures to curb the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. However, with the resumption of domestic flights two weeks ago, Nigerians are in high spirits, expecting the government to okay the restart of international flights. The British High Commission in Abuja had in a statement said visa application centres which were initially suspended due to the pandemic would reopen “when it is safe to do”. “We know there are many Nigerian nationals hoping to travel to the UK when flights resume, both for employment and to see family members. “UKVI are working closely with TSL contact, our commercial partner, to reopen visa application centres that were suspended due to COVID-19,” it had said. But while giving an update on Monday, the Commission wrote via Twitter, “Update on visas. Thank you to everyone for your questions and patience. But remember application centres open from 28 July.” (The PUNCH) LAGOS - The British High Commission on Monday urged Nigerians to take note of the changes it had made in its visa application centres in Lagos. The commission announced this in Lagos in a statement signed by its Head of Press and Public Affairs, Mr Robert Fitzpatrick. It said that… June 23, 2014 In "News" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) has described as untrue, insinuations in some quarters that Nigerian airports would reopen for international flights in October. Khalid Emele, General Manager, Public Affairs, NAMA, made this known in a statement in Lagos on Tuesday. He said: “Following the… July 21, 2020 In "News" Nigeria's minister of aviation, Hadi Sirika has said the federal government will not hurry to resume international flights as whatever decisions to be made would be in the interest of the general public. He added that Nigeria will not allow some countries to operate international flights to Nigeria. Addressing journalists… July 14, 2020 In "News"