The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State has described Lucky Ayedatiwa as the right choice of running mate for Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. It described Ayedatiwa who hails from Ilaje local government in Ondo South as a grassroots politician that would add value to the party. State Chairman of the Ondo APC, Mr. Ade Adetimehin, who spoke in a telephone chat, said all stakeholders were in agreement on Ayedatiwa choice. Adetimehin said the issue of loyalty to the party was considered in picking Ayedatiwa. He urged all party members in the state to rally round Governor Akeredolu and his running mate to achieve victory at the polls. According to him, “It is APC in Ondo that met and took decision on who to pick as running mate. All the party organs and members are happy in the state. “Ayedatiwa is a grassroots politician that is very loyal to the party. We do not want anybody that will betray us in the future. With the emergence of Ayedatiwa as running mate from Ondo South, the victory of APC in October governorship election.” The Nation By Segun Giwa Akure - An interest group under the All Progressives Congress (APC), Aketi Women Campaign Network, has advocated for a female deputy governorship candidate from the party.The Coordinator of the group, Princess Adebunmi Osadahun, said this during a solidarity gathering on Tuesday in Akure.According to her, it is… July 28, 2020 In "Politics" By Osagie Otabor, Akure Ondo Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has unveiled a former Commissioner in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) Lucky Aiyedatiwa as his running mate for the October 10 governorship poll. Akeredolu, who spoke at the swearing-in of new aides, said Aiyedatiwa possessed verifiable credentials. The Governor stated the… July 29, 2020 In "Politics" A pressure group within the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Ondo APC Mandate Group (OAMG), has threatened to work against the party should the party give Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu second term ticket in view of array of anti-party allegations against him. Addressing newsmen at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja… June 12, 2020 In "Politics"