By Franca Ofili  Abuja  –    The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) says the passing-out of the 2019 Batch “B” Stream 2 corps members has been fixed nationwide for July 16. The NYSC disclosed this in a statement by its Director, Press and Public Relations, Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, on Wednesday in Abuja. ”Arising from the threat posed by COVID-19 pandemic, and as a precautionary measure, the event will be low-key, with qualified corps members collecting their Certificates of National Service (CNS) at the Local Government level. “Accordingly, the distribution of the certificate of national service shall be staggered for a period of 10 days in the first instance, in keeping with the safety measures established by Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC),” the statement said. The statement quoted the Director-General of the scheme, Brig.-Gen. Shuaibu Ibrahim, as giving kudos to the outgoing members for their service to the nation, and in particular for standing out to be counted in this time of national emergency. It said Ibrahim charged the corps members to remain steadfast in rendering service to the nation and humanity, even after they have concluded their national assignment, as that was the hallmark of the corps. The director-general also enjoined them to remain good ambassadors of the scheme in their future endeavours. “All corps members and NYSC stakeholders are advised to stay vigilant, in order to guard against the contraction of COVID-19. “Therefore, all must ensure strict observance of the safety protocols, predicated on consistent use of face masks, proper washing of hands with soap for at least 20 seconds, use of alcohol-based sanitiser, and observing social/physical distancing,” Ibrahim said. (NAN) Qualified Batch “B” Stream 1 corps members who will be passing out on Thursday May 28, have been directed to collect their National Service certificates at the Local Government level. In a statement released on Monday May 25, corps members were told that NYSC Officers have been mobilised for the… May 26, 2020 In "Education" By Franca Ofili Abuja - The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) says it has embarked on measures that will ensure safety and efficient operations post COVID-19 restrictions on socio-economic activities in the country. Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, the Director, Press and Public Relations of NYSC, said this in a statement in… June 10, 2020 In "News" The National Youth Service Corps has disclosed that it has nabbed 50 unqualified graduates who attempted to register in the Batch B Stream II exercise with fake certificates at the orientation camps across the country, a report by Punch has revealed. The NYSC confirmed on Friday that the fake graduates,… August 31, 2019 In "News"