The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP has blasted Kano state governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, who made a statement saying the party only made Governor Godwin Obaseki its flagbearer for the September 19 Edo state governorship election because they are only interested in the state’s treasury. In a statement released by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan , the PDP described Governor Ganduje as a treasury looter who has no moral rectitude to speak on corruption. The party said it is a huge irony that Governor Ganduje, who has ”earned himself the disgraceful public sobriquet of “gandollar, after being caught collecting gratification, would attempt to accuse others of having intention of looting the treasury of a state.” It is a paradox that an individual who has earned himself the disgraceful public sobriquet of “gandollar”, after being caught collecting gratification, would attempt to accuse others of having intention of looting the treasury of a state. The PDP points out that it is only in a party like the APC, under a Buhari Presidency, that such a tarnished individual can be selected to speak in public, let alone lead a governorship election campaign. Apparently, Governor Ganduje and other APC leaders are so used to looting public treasuries that such is his first mental direction after his inauguration to lead the Edo governorship campaign. Governor Ganduje has further confirmed the real intention of the APC, which is to use their morally embattled candidate, Osagie Ize-Iyamu (of course, birds of the same feathers flock together) for their desperate effort to regain access to Edo state treasury, after Governor Godwin Obaseki liberated the state from the stranglehold of APC treasury-looting godfathers. Our party invites Governor Ganduje to note that there is no free dollars for him and other APC leaders to loot in Edo state. Under the PDP, the resources of Edo state, and indeed other PDP states, belong to the people and not to any political cabal and their godfathers. Of course, this is why the people of Edo state are solidly behind Governor Obaseki for firmly resisting APC looters. Moreover, Governor Ganduje, with his infamous “gandollar” video, is no match to the Chairman of the PDP National Campaign Council for the Edo election, Governor Nyesom Wike. Whereas Governor Wike is a highly respected, upright, honest, transparent, people-based and development-driven leader, who is firmly in touch with the people of Edo state and enjoys their confidence and trust, Governor Ganduje, on the other hand, represent a leadership that is fraught with dishonesty, corruption, non-performance and public shame. The PDP therefore counsels Governor Ganduje and the APC to quietly perish the thoughts of looting Edo state treasury like they are doing in APC controlled states, as the people of Edo state will humiliate them in the September 19 election.” Source Abuja - The chairman Edo State governorship All Progressives Congress (APC) National Campaign Council and governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has boasted that his committee will dismantle the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rigging machine in the September 19, 2020 poll. Speaking to newsmen at the APC Secretariat after… July 6, 2020 In "Politics" •Governor Godwin Obaseki and Asiwaju Bola Tinubu ABUJA - Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State was in talks with the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu, on Sunday, as part of his last-ditch effort to pick the party's ticket in the upcoming primaries in… May 31, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - As the two main gladiators in the Edo State governorship election, Governor Godwin Obaseki of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and his key rival, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu of the All Progressives Congress (APC), ready for an epic showdown on September 19, certain undercurrents look set to… July 5, 2020 In "Politics"