By yahaya.isahManila –   Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday signed an anti-terrorism law that critics warned could stifle political dissent and lead to more human rights violations. According to the presidential spokesman Harry Roque, the signing of the Anti-Terrorism Act of 2020 demonstrates Philippine’s commitment to stamp out terrorism, plagueing the country for a long time. Roque added that terrorism had also caused unimaginable grief and horror to many people in the country. The law criminalises incitement of terrorism by means of speeches, proclamations, writings, emblems, banners or other representations. It also allows the detention of suspects for up to 24 days without formal charges and empowers an anti-terrorism council to designate individuals or groups as suspected terrorists who could be arrested and surveilled. The signing came as Muslim leaders in the conflict-ridden Southern region of Mindanao urged Duterte to veto the law, fearing that it would lead to abuse, especially against Muslim Filipinos. Roque, however, said the concerns were unfounded, adding that the piece of legislation was against terrorists and terrorism and not against a particular regional or ethnic group. However, Human Rights Watch lamented the law will “significantly worsen” the human rights situation in the Philippines. According to the the group’s Deputy Asia Director, Phil Robertson, by signing the anti-terrorism bill into law, President Duterte has pushed Philippines democracy into an abyss. “The anti-terrorism law will give a green light to the systematic targeting of political critics and opponents, as well as ordinary Filipinos who dare to speak out,” he said. (dpa/NAN) Manila   -       Thousands of Human Rights Advocates and leftist activists took to the streets in the Philippine Capital on Monday to denounce President Rodrigo Duterte and his administration for “a succession of anti-people policies.’’ The demonstrators marched towards the presidential palace in Manila, where they burned a 4-metre effigy depicting… December 10, 2018 In "Foreign" Manila   -     The Philippines said on Thursday its withdrawal from the International Criminal Court (ICC) could be “the beginning of the end” for the institution, as more countries would follow suit and non-members would be discouraged from joining. The announcement to withdraw comes five weeks after a court prosecutor said… March 15, 2018 In "Foreign" Manila   -   Philippines moved closer Tuesday to allowing divorce when the House of Representatives approved a bill which, if signed into law, would mean the country is no longer the only nation in the world where the practice is banned. Voting 134-57, with two abstentions, the House voted on Monday… March 20, 2018 In "Foreign"