It was not a good sight at the Living Faith Church, Woji 1, Rivers State, when a fight broke out among members recently. Local reports show that there was a spectacle on Sunday 19th July,2020 as youth members tackled the Senior Pastors for allegedly writing false petitions against their resident pastors. The disgruntled youth who took to the church during a service to express their displeasure , described the actions of the Senior Pastors as asinine . “Youths, LCC chairman, Deacon board and some Pastors of LFC aka Winners Chapel Woji 1, Rivers state are not happy with church admin worldwide with the unjust treatment towards their resident pastor. They are calling on Bishop David Oyedepo to look into the matter before it will be too late because state pastor has failed in all angle.” a source said. Watch the video below: Confusion as fight breaks out during a service at Winners Chapel  . . The Living Faith Church, Woji  1, Rivers State, was a spectacle on Sunday 19th July,2020, as Youth members tackled the Senior Pastors for allegedly writing false petitions against their resident pastors . . . The disgruntled youth who took to the church during a service to express their displeasure , described the actions of the Senior Pastors as asinine . . . “Youths, LCC chairman, Deacon board and some Pastors of LFC aka Winners Chapel Woji 1, Rivers state are not happy with church admin worldwide with the unjust treatment towards their resident pastor. They are calling on Bishop  David Oyedepo to look into the matter before it will be too late because state pastor has failed in all angle.* a source said. A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Jul 25, 2020 at 7:35am PDT Source According to a PM News report, brave youths of Benin Technical College (BTC), Benin, Edo State, and members of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), on Sunday rescued a pastor of the church who was abducted by a three-man kidnap gang. Abductors of the victim, simply identified as Pastor… May 27, 2019 In "News" Two kidnappers have been nabbed while trying to carry out an attack on a pastor during church service and they confessed to being sent by another pastor to kidnap his rival in the ministry. Members of the church were at the Wednesday counselling and deliverance service when the kidnappers drove… May 6, 2019 In "News" The Living Faith Church, also known as Winners Chapel, has cleared the air on statements attributed to its general overseer, Bishop David Oyedepo, claiming that he asked God to open “hell gate” on opponents of President Goodluck Jonathan, when the president visited the headquarters of the church in Ota, Ogun… February 2, 2015 In "News"