By Usman Aliyu Ilorin –  A hit-and-run tipper on Saturday crushed a commercial motorcyclist to death in Ilorin, leaving the passenger seriously injured. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the incident occurred at Egbejila junction of the Airport road in Ilorin. An eyewitness told NAN that the tipper rammed into the waiting motorcycle, who could not manoeuvred its way because some commercial tricycles had obstructed the way. He said that commercial tricycle drivers were fond of parking illegally at the junction, waiting for passengers to pick. This, he said had led to a similar auto crash in the past but with no change of attitude among the tricycle operators. While the corpse of the rider of the motorcycle was reportedly taken by his relatives, the injured passenger was rushed to a nearby private hospital, Akorede Clinic and Maternity Home. When NAN correspondent visited the hospital, its Medical Director, Dr Grace Adesina, said that the victim sustained a fracture on his right side. She, however, said that the victim was in stable condition. Confirming the incident, Mr Jonathan Owoade, the Kwara Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), blamed the accident on loss of concentration. Owoade also confirmed that the relatives of deceased had taken the corpse away and that the Police Post at Budo Nuhu had taken over the case. The FRSC boss advised motorists and road users to always be guided by the traffic rules. He said failure to adhere to traffic rules would often resort to road accidents. (NAN) Four commercial motorcyclists  lost their lives on Monday in Abuja when a MAN-Diesel tipper rammed into a Toyota Camry car which lost control and subsequently crushed the men to death. The motorcyclists were waiting for passengers beside the Public Service Institute by Dutse-Alhaji Junction along Murtala Muhammed Expressway (Kubwa Road),… February 7, 2017 In "Metro" By Hawa Lawal Abuja - Six persons, all males, sustained various degrees of injury on Monday morning, in a lone accident involving a 911 DAF truck on the busy Abuja-Keffi highway. The truck with registration number ANC 312, which was carrying sacks of onions to the Orange market near Masaka… March 4, 2019 In "Metro" Lagos -  An annual report by the National Orthopaedic Hospital (NOH), Igbobi in Yaba, Lagos has indicated a reduction in the rate of motorcycle accidents in the metropolis. The report was signed by the Chief Records Officer, Mr Samuel Karunwi, and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… April 20, 2015 In "News"