Madrid  –  Environmental Activist, Greta Thunberg, on Monday received the prize for humanity of the Portuguese Gulbenkian Foundation and was awarded 1 million euros (1.1 million dollars). The 17-year-old Thunberg received the prize for her fight against climate change and the ecological crisis. The activist, who is the first person to receive the prize, was selected among 136 nominees from 43 countries. The Head of the jury, Jorge Sampaio, said a great majority of jury members voted in favour of Thunberg. He emphasized that the form in which Thunberg managed to mobilise the younger generations for the climate cause, and her determination to change a status quo that stubbornly resist change, had made her one of today’s most extraordinary personalities. “This means a lot to me, and I hope that it will help me do more good in the world,” Thunberg had said while expressing appreciation through her Twitter handle. She said the prize money would be donated through her foundation to organisations and projects working to combat climate change and ecological degradation ,especially in the Global South, where people were most affected. (dpa/NAN) Bristol (UK) - Greta Thunberg, the teenage activist who has reprimanded governments across the world for failing her generation with climate change, is expected to draw a crowd of thousands on Friday when she leads a protest in Britain. Known simply as Greta, 17-year-old Thunberg has captured the imagination of… February 28, 2020 In "Foreign" Bristol (UK) - Greta Thunberg denounced politicians and the media on Friday for failing her generation, saying the world is on fire because they are ignoring a looming climate cataclysm. Several thousand people attended a rally in the south-western English city of Bristol to see Thunberg, the teenage activist who… February 28, 2020 In "Politics" Stockholm - Swedish teen climate activist Greta Thunberg on Friday turned 17, however kept to her routine and stood outside parliament in Stockholm for her weekly protest. “School strike week 72,” she tweeted, posting a photo of herself holding a hand-painted sign that read “school strike for climate.” Thunberg staged… January 3, 2020 In "Foreign"