Going by the latest lie about pension thieves in which eight persons were named as receiving N330 million, through the lie about missing N19.63 billion belonging to the local government system, to the lies that all workers and pensioners in the State have been paid, to the lie that no member of Imo State House of Assembly was being owed a kobo, and in fact to all other lies, falsehood, propaganda, and blackmail of Imo people by the current regime, it’s time a zero tolerance policy is instituted by Imo people to the regime of lies. In fact, a state of emergency need to be declared by Ndimo against the wanton lies emanating from the six-month old regime. Lest we forget, Senior Citizen Obasi Canice Onwudi publicly declared that he wasn’t a pension thief as published by the regime which hung a pension of N3,460,366.64. With facts and figures Pa Onwudi proved that all he got in the two pensions paid by this regime was N127,033.3, wondering how that amount translated into N3,460,366.64 a year. Now, a day after Pensioner Onwudi confessed that he was lied against, another of the eight named pensioners came out to swear that he never received the kind of pension that was announced publicly by this regime. In short, he called this regime a wicked liar. His name is Ajukobi Herbert A. He was reported by the regime to be getting a whopping N65,685,491.00 (sixty five million, six hundred and eighty five thousand, four hundred and ninety one naira) per annum as pension. Senior Citizen Ajukobi Herbert fielded questions from newsmen and showing his BVN-backed bank account statement from his bank, where it was shown that he never got anything near one million in a month. He also presented a Pension Verification Slip issued to him, after he was verified in 2019, as his evidence of having been verified on Tuesday, September 10, 2019, with Pensioner Number IMO/7753/5/58261. The information contained in Pension Verification Slip showed that Pa Herbert Ahaotu Ajukobi, was born July 23, 1951 and hails from Mbaitoli LGA. He started working on July 1, 1973 and retired as a school principal on July 1, 2008 on Grade 15, Step 9. His bank was stated as Diamond Bank. His account number was stated as 031600421. His BVN was stated as 22177501465. It all showed that this regime lied that there was no biometric verification of pensioners by the RebuildImo administration led by Governor Emeka Ihedioha CON. It showed that it lied that Pensioner Ajukobi received over N65 million as pension per annum. Still on the pension lies by this regime, the name, Emenalo Theresa was among the eight names published by this regime as receiving N330 million pension annually. From the verifiable pensioners database, no Emenalo Theresa was verified during the biometric verification of pensioners in 2019, neither was any Emenalo Theresa paid a kobo as pension at anytime in the five months that pension was paid by the immediate past administration. Yet, this regime stated that name as getting N3,058,592.00 pension a year. What a calamituous shame! We’re only using current pension lies as point of contact to numerous other lies falsehood propaganda and blackmail by this regime. And what we’re saying is that time is now when Imo people must firmly say no to the regime of lies. That’s the package in this edition of my short essay series. We’ll see again soon. By God’s grace, Imo State must be rebuilt! Uzodinma-IhediohaThe Coalition of Owerri Zone Social Cultural Organisation, kinsmen of Emeka Ihedioha, has risen in his stout defence, assailing the Imo State House of Assembly for not adopting the rule of law and due process in pursuit of the investigation regarding the N19.63billion, the former Governor of Imo State, was… May 18, 2020 In "News" •Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State OWERRI - With a stroke pen, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, on Friday, ended payment of pensions, allowances and gratuities to former his predecessors in office, their deputies as well as Speakers of the House of Assembly and their deputies. Uzodinma, did this when… May 22, 2020 In "News" Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo state has denied that his government is made up of looters. The governor also insisted that appointment into his administration is made up of credible Imo sons and daughters who have zero tolerance for criminality. The explanation followed the rumours of massive looting in government… February 18, 2020 In "Politics"