By Hussaina Yakubu Kaduna –   Kaduna State Government has completed the first phase of the ultra modern market being constructed at Kasuwan Magani in Kajuru Local Council in Kaduna State. Facilities in the market which include police post, clinic, banks, fire service station, warehouses and administration block have been completed. The Special Assistant to the Governor on Media and Publicity, Ibrahim Musa, who led newsmen on a tour of the market, said that the construction work in the market had reached advance stage. The project, with a cost of over N2 billion, has 224,000 shops. A representative of the construction company, Hamza Bello, said over 400 shops had so far been completed in the first phase of the project. He said that about 80 per cent of the work had been completed and assured that the remaining work would soon be completed. Some labourers at the project site expressed their commitment to meet the completion target given to them. Gov. Nasiru El-Rufai launched the reconstruction of the burnt market as part of his administration’s readiness to promote equality in opportunity and economic development in the communities. (NAN) AKWANGA - The Nasarawa State Government has concluded arrangements to build an ultramodern market in Akwanga Local Government Area of the state, Gov. Umaru Al-Makura said. The governor said this on Thursday when he laid the foundation for the construction of the market in Akwanga. According to him, the market,… September 11, 2014 In "News" The commitment of the administration of Governor Rauf Aregbesola of Osun State to make the state the hub of commerce in the South West got a boost recently with the commissioning of an ultra modern Ayegbaju International Market at, Osogbo, the state capitalThis informed various government programmes and project targeted… July 16, 2014 In "News" Stomberg Engineering Limited has announced the completion of the first phase of the ultra modern Tejuosho Market and its inauguration this week. Although the company did not give the exact date of inauguration, it said the new market, which rose from the ashes of the old Tejuosho Market, had elevators… August 11, 2014 In "Business"