Nollywood actress, Ada Karl, has revealed details how her father physically abused her mother. She made this known during an interview with TheNation. According to her, she grew up in an abusive home and even though her father was a great dad, he was violent towards her mother. She made the revelation in a recent interview with TheNation. When asked about her childhood memories, the actress said: “I don’t recall anything good, just the bad ones. Like my dad physically abusing my mum – it wasn’t a palatable experience.” On how it affected her relationship with men, she said: “I was very suspicious of any man that said ‘hello’ to me because I assumed all men were the same. I was traumatised and assumed all men were abusive. It affected my view about men. Growing up, I considered being a Nun, but I came from a Pentecostal and Anglican background. So, l wasn’t even bold enough to discuss that with my parents. Managing the trauma of domestic violence is tough! I never told my friends in school because I was shy and also scared of my dad. My father being an amazing dad also made it harder for me because I felt nobody would believe me. I still wonder how he could have been such a great dad and an abusive husband, but again he whiplashed us a lot; which is also a trace of abuse. But as a typical African child, I never viewed that as abuse but as an adult I think he was a bit extreme with his disciplinary measures to us.” See some reactions below: “Maybe your mother too was a Great mother but a troublesome woman “ “This was incredibly brave and honest of her – but it is the reality in many homes . Many men just do not realise that their wives are their equal partners not their subordinates in marriage. Change comes by continually speaking about such physical abuse. Talk , not use your hands like a Neanderthal” “This is majority of women’s story … that’s why this generation of women are self sufficient” “Abusive husband but great dad. That hits different they forget the kids came from our wombs. Jeezzzzz” Recounting how she started her journey in Nollywood, Sonia said it was all good till she met Mercy Johnson.   Nollywood Actress, Mercy Johnson Okojie has come under attack on social media over her attitude to fellow actresses in the entertainment industry. It all started when Sonia Ogiri made an Instagram post… September 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Over the weekend, Billionaire businessman Ned Nwoko clocked 59-years-old. His 6th wife, Regina Daniels, 20 took to her Instagram account to celebrate and expressed her love for him as she shared over 15 beautiful and lovely photos of them together. In her message to her husband on his birthday, the… December 23, 2019 In "Metro" Nollywood Actress, Bukunmi Oluwasina, Condemns Baby Mama Syndrome Among Artists July 2, 2017 In "Entertainment"