A young boy is being hailed a hero for protecting his little sister from a dog attack. Six-year-old Bridger leapt into action at Cheyenne, Wyoming, when he saw the animal get close he put himself in harm’s way to ensure his sister didn’t get hurt. The boy’s aunt Nikki Walker has posted an account of the horrifying story and Bridger’s brave actions on Instagram. She wrote: “My nephew is a hero who saved his little sister from an attacking dog. He, himself, took on the attack so that the dog wouldn’t get his sister.” My nephew is a hero who saved his little sister from an attacking dog.  He, himself, took on the attack so that the dog wouldn’t get his sister.  He later said, “If someone was going to die, I thought it should be me.” He got home from the hospital last night.  I know it’s a long shot, but I’m reaching out to the Avengers and other heroes so that they can learn about this latest addition to their ranks.  Please, check your DM’s for my sweet nephew’s story.  @tomholland2013 @chrishemsworth @robertdowneyjr @markruffalo @prattprattpratt @twhiddleston @chadwickboseman @vindiesel @chrisevans @vancityreynolds  @thehughjackman  Edit:  I never expected my sweet nephew’s story to reach so many.  Please, follow my other post (I only have two so far ) for the latest info regarding my sweet nephew and his family. A post shared by  Nikki Walker (@nicolenoelwalker) on Jul 11, 2020 at 7:42am PDT Nikki added that when Bridger was asked why he did what he did, he replied with: “If someone was going to die, I thought it should be me.” The six-year-old was immediately taken to hospital for treatment and thankfully he’s already been discharged. A separate post from Nikki said: “After getting bit several times on the face and head, he grabbed his sister’s hand and ran with her to keep her safe. After receiving 90 stitches (give or take) from a skilled plastic surgeon, he’s finally resting at home. We love our brave boy.” A number of American celebrities are also hailing the 6-year-old boy after the post surfaced online. Source A 19-year-old girl has recounted how her ex-boyfriend, identified as Kingsley, and his friends gang-raped her and also recorded the act. The incident occurred when she visited Kingsley’s wife, who recently delivered a newborn baby. But it tuned out that she had walked into a trap, which not only resulted… June 8, 2014 In "News" By Reuben Abati Last Friday, my phones rang again and again (thank God for dead phones gradually playing Lazarus), but what triggered that ring-ring was the article: “The Man Who Named His Dog Buhari” (August 26) in which I had indicated all the positive attributes of a dog and why… August 28, 2016 In "Opinion" A hero dog saved a newborn baby after leading his owner to the boy who had been buried alive in the dirt by his teenage mother. The pooch called Ping Pong was seen scratching at earth alongside a farmer's field in Korat, north eastern Thailand, on Wednesday morning. Ping Pong's… May 20, 2019 In "News"