By Lydia Ngwakwe Lagos –   Anti-Corruption and Research Based Data Initiative (ARDI), an NGO, on Thursday urged Nigerians to use the Eid-el-Kabir season to preach peace and support the military to save lives and property. Mr Dennis Aghanya, Executive Secretary of ARDI, said in a statement in Lagos that Nigerians needed to keep their differences aside and fight together for a common goal. “I urge all Muslims and every Nigerian to use this season of Sallah to do a soul search; we need to preach peace, support the military and government at all levels so that we can defeat our common enemies, which are Boko Haram insurgency, banditry and the likes. “I urge the Nigerian Army to step up its game and save more lives and property, especially in Southern Nigeria and other parts of the country. “The onslaught by Boko Haram is not abating, neither the daily killings in Southern Kaduna,” he said. Aghanya noted that President Muhammadu Buhari had done his bit by making funds and other logistics available to the military and wondered why they were not proactive enough. According to Aghanya, this is not the time for blame games but a time to stop the blood bath. He said: ” We have wasted enough blood in this country and the consequences can be very unimaginable if this carnage does not stop.” Besides, he wished faithfuls a happy Eid- Mubarak celebrations. (NAN) By Lydia Ngwakwe Lagos - The Anti-Corruption and Research-Based Data Initiative (ARDI), a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), has advised Muslim faithful to use the Ramadan period to rededicate the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari to God. The Executive Secretary of ARDI, Chief Dennis Aghanya, gave the advice on Monday in Lagos.… May 6, 2019 In "News" Asks Muslims to avoid evil influence of violence preachersLawan, Govs, Bukola Saraki, Tinubu, APC, PDP, ACF, CAN, others call for sacrificeBauchi police deploy 3,067 personnel to ensure hitch-free celebration Omololu Ogunmade in Abuja As Nigerian Muslims join the rest of the Islamic world to mark Eid-el-Kabir today, political, traditional, and… August 11, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Hamza Suleiman   Maiduguri    -     The Council of Ulamas under the Jama’atu Izalatil Bid’ah Wa Iqamatis Sunnah (JIBWIS), Nigeria Zone B, Maiduguri, has urged citizens to support the Nigerian Army’s efforts at combating terrorism in the North-East. Malam Ali Mustapha, IBWIS National Secretary, made the call during a courtesy… August 3, 2018 In "News"