Addis Ababa  – At least 166 people were killed in Ethiopia after a popular singer’s death sparked violent protests, which resulted in riots, in the country’s Oromia region and capital Addis Ababa, Police sources said Sunday. Girma Gelam, Oromia region’s Police Deputy Commissioner, told media on Saturday night that 156 people have died in the riots, including 11 members of security forces. Police in Addis Ababa had said on Tuesday that 10 people were killed in the riots, including two police officers. Hachalu Hundessa, a singer, who focused on the rights of the country’s Oromo ethnic group and became a popular voice in a wave of protests that led to the downfall of the previous prime minister in 2018, was shot dead by unidentified gunmen on Monday. Following his death, huge protests erupted in Addis Ababa and Oromia region, the homeland of the Oromo people. According to media reports, the authorities have shut down the internet in parts of the country to curb the spread of the protests. About 2,200 people were arrested on suspicion of involvement in the riots, government sources said. The source added that the protests and riots had been under control as of Saturday. (Xinhua/NAN It has now emerged that the US government warned its citizens “not to arrive or depart Bole International Airport on March 10” just two days before an Ethiopian Airlines plane crashed with 149 passengers and eight crew members on board. The airlines has since confirmed that all passengers and crew on board… March 10, 2019 In "Foreign" Addis Ababa    -      Ethiopian authorities arrested over 1,200 people after violence erupted in and around the capital this month, a senior police official said, three times more than earlier estimates. The head of the capital’s police commission, Degfie Bedi, said, 28 people died, raising the death count from 23. “The… September 25, 2018 In "Foreign" By Aaron Maasho ADDIS ABABA  - Ethiopian security forces killed more than 400 people in their bid to quell protests that wracked the Horn of Africa country's vast Oromiya province since November, Human Rights Watch said on Thursday. Plans to allocate farmland in Ethiopia's largest region surrounding the capital for… June 17, 2016 In "Foreign"