Residents of Olaogun in Ifo Ibogun area of Ogun State were shocked on Tuesday when a former Nigerian President, Olusegun Obasanjo, stormed the area with a truckload of armed security operatives and allegedly physically assaulted the wife of his close relative and top confidant, Adebayo Molaja. SaharaReporters gathered that Obasanjo personally flogged Mrs Adebayo several times with a horse whip (Koboko) for an alleged ‘theft’ of N160m. It was not clear how the issue came about and what actually prompted the former President, who is also a retired military general, to take such action. A resident of the area, who asked not to be named for safety reasons, however, told SaharaReporters that Obasanjo was heard shouting “Omolaja, ole! Abiodun, ole! Won loji N160m (Omolaja thief! Abiodun thief! They said you stole N160m)” during the incident. The resident added, “Obasanjo came from his Ota farm abode at exactly 5:00am while people were still sleeping. He was accompanied by fiery-looking security men armed to the teeth who condoned the residence of the Adebayos. He immediately called out Mrs Adebayo and ordered the mobile policemen with him to form a barricade. He then proceeded with a horse whip (Koboko) to personally flog the woman several times.“Many residents of the community were shocked. Hundreds of commercial bike riders popularly called Okada parked at the scene wondering whether there was an armed robbery incidence or any other tragic occurrence.” Other residents of the community, who witnessed the incident and were contacted by SaharaReporters for comments all declined citing safety concerns. Attempts to get the reaction of Kehinde Akinyemi, spokesperson for Obasanjo, was unsuccessful as his telephone line was not reachable at the time of this report. Source: SaharaReporters By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Special Assistant to former President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri has blasted the Minister of Communications, Adebayo Shittu over his insult to Former President Obasanjo, saying that only a foolish child insults his mother because of his father's latest wife. The communications Minister has… January 30, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Akeem Abas   Ibadan   -     Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and wife of President ,Aisha Buhari were among the dignitaries that attended the wedding reception of Idris and Fatima Ajimobi. The News Agency of Nigeria(NAN) reports that prominent Nigerians converged on Agodi Gardens in Ibadan on Saturday to celebrate with… March 11, 2018 In "News" ABEOKUTA - Former President Olusegun Obasanjo on Sunday expressed concern over the increasing level of blindness among Nigerians. Obasanjo expressed his feelings when he addressed hundreds of eye patients who came for free eye test/surgery organised by the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL) in Abeokuta. The former president, who noted… June 2, 2014 In "Health"