A 70-year-old man has reportedly been arrested for allegedly raping an eight-year-old girl in the Chanchaga area of Minna, Niger State. The suspect, identified as Mohammed Sani Umar (Tela) allegedly raped the girl twice before giving her N80 to stay quiet about the incident. But the young girl later revealed that the septuagenarian defiled her when her mom noticed her strange behavior and examined her. Narrating the ordeal, the girl’s uncle, Abubakar told Sahara Reporters: “She was sick for some weeks and after every treatment, she was still not very well. Then, a neighbour advised her mother to keep a close watch on the girl, which the mother started doing. “After some days, she saw some stains in her underwear and asked her what happened to her. “The little girl took the mother to his place and on reaching there, she just pointed at him. “On sighting the woman and the girl, he started begging them to cover it up so he will take responsibility,” Abubakar narrated. He also said Umar confessed to the crime after he was beaten by angry members in the community before they handed over to the police for further investigation and prosecution. “The woman started crying and shouted for help. People came around, dragged him to the family house, where he was beaten, and confessed that he had sex with her twice. “He said that he gave her N50 once and another N30 the second time. We took him to the police custody and handed him to the police to charge him to court,” Abubakar added. The family also appealed to the police to ensure justice is served right in this case as they fear that the matter could be swept under the carpet because Umar is influential in the community. “The Divisional Police Officer said the case would be forwarded to the state command on Monday. “We want the police to do the right thing because the man is very influential and has some people who usually bail criminals arrested by the police. “He knows the rich people in the community and there is a possibility they would conspire with the police to release the man and sweep the matter under the carpet. “The police should ensure justice is served right in this case,” the family urged.  By Mateen Badru Lagos - The Lagos State Police Command’s Gender Unit has arrested a 44-year-old man and his 19-year-old son for allegedly raping and impregnating a 14-year-old girl. The Lagos State Police Command’s spokesperson, DSP Bala Elkana, said in a press statement that the case was reported at the… April 8, 2019 In "Metro" A pastor of a Pentecostal church has been arrested for allegedly impregnating a 14 -year- old girl in Lagos, Sun News reports. Also in the police net is a father who allegedly raped his daughter and two of her friends. Another man was also caught pants down allegedly for raping… July 7, 2019 In "Metro" MARARABA - A Mararaba Upper Area Court on Friday ordered the remand of  one Torkegh Matu, 35, of Angwan-Jikwoyi, New Karu, Nasarawa State in prison for allegedly raping a two-year old girl. The Police Prosecutor, Mr Joseph Ahwa, told the court that the incident was reported at the `A’ Division… June 14, 2014 In "News"