By Olawale Akinremi Ibadan –   A trader, Oriyomi Aluko on Wednesday told a Mapo Customary Court in Ibadan to dissolve her 20-year-old marriage to Idowu, on grounds that he steals her money. Testifying before the court, the mother of three, said:” I have completely lost hope that my husband will turn a new leaf. ”I want to call it quits with him. In the past 20 years, I have devoted my entire life to Idowu. I have uplifted his livelihood. “My lord, aside from the fact that Idowu constantly subjects me to beating, he also doesn’t care about how I manage to raise money for his business. “On two separate occasions, I bought cars for him to enable him continue as a professional driver. “However, there is nothing to show for it because he keeps coming home empty handed and I became indebted at my co-operative society where I borrowed the money. “Worst still, Idowu steals from me,” she said. I dowu however, rejected the divorce suit, but did not deny any of the allegations leveled against him. He prayed the court to dismiss his wife’s suit because it might be difficult for both of them to start searching for new partners now. “It is true that I took her money from the safe. I only used it to balance my debt. Chief Ademola Odunade, the President of the court, after careful observation of the whole matter, dissolved the union in the interest of peace. He granted custody of the three children to Oriyomi and ordered the respondent to pay N15,000 as the children’s monthly upkeep in addition to been responsible for their education and other welfare. (NAN) By Raji Rasak   Badagry    -       A 28-year-old housewife and mother of one, Mautin Idowu, on Wednesday asked a Badagry Customary Court in Lagos State to dissolve her five-year-old marriage to her husband, Michael, to prevent her from committing suicide. The petitioner threatened to jump into a river in the… September 12, 2018 In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi   Ibadan   -    Olatunde Akintunde, an Ibadan-based computer operator, on Tuesday consented to the divorce suit filed by his wife, Dasola, alleging that she was a burglar. In his counter argument in the case, Olatunde stated that his wife broke into his shop to steal computer sets,… August 7, 2018 In "Metro" Ikorodu    -      A housewife, Oluwakemi Patrick, pleaded with an Ikorodu Customary Court in Lagos on Tuesday to dissolve marriage because her husband her husband beats her before making love to her. Oluwakemi, a mother of five, told the court that she would no longer bear the persistent… October 24, 2018 In "Metro"