The Italian musician, who is credited for his work on more than 400 films and TV shows, died on Monday, July 6, at the Campus Bio-Medico in Rome, a week after suffering a fall in which he broke his femur. His death was confirmed by his lawyer, Giorgio Assumma, who also disclosed that Morricone requested a private funeral. Morricone began his career as a trumpet player before switching to film composition in 1961. He created music for more than 70 award-winning movies, including “Once Upon a Time in the West ” and “The Good, the Bad and the Ugly” which earned him a spot in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2009. He also won an Academy Award for his soundtrack for Quentin Tarantino’s “The Hateful Eight” in 2016. Other films he scored include The Thing (directed by John Carpenter), Cinema Paradiso (Giuseppe Tornatore), The Battle of Algiers (Gillo Pontecorvo), Days of Heaven (Terrence Malick), The Untouchables (Brian de Palma) and the La Cage aux Folles trilogy (Édouard Molinaro). Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte paid tribute to the composer on Monday, writing on Twitter: “We will always remember, with infinite gratitude, the artistic genius of the Maestro #EnnioMorricone.” “It made us dream, move, reflect, writing memorable notes that will remain unforgettable in the history of music and cinema” he added. Italian President Sergio Mattarella offered condolences to the family of the “distinguished” artist. “Both a refined and popular musician, he has left a deep mark in the history of music in the second part of the 20th century,” he said. “Through his soundtracks, he has greatly contributed in spreading and reinforcing Italy’s prestige around the world.” Source By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Acclaimed filmmaker, Imoh Umoren’s new film ‘The Herbert Macaulay Affair’ explores the life of nationalist. Macaulay was one of the first Nigerian nationalists and for most of his life a strong opponent of many colonial policies. In 1944, Macaulay co-founded the National Council of Nigeria… August 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" CAIRO  - Actor Omar Sharif, best known for his title role as Doctor Zhivago in the Oscar-winning film, has died, Egyptian state television said. He was 83. The BBC also reported his death, citing his agent. In May, Sharif's agent confirmed the actor, who played a wide range of dashing… July 10, 2015 In "Foreign" James Horner, the Hollywood composer who wrote the Oscar-winning score for Titanic, has died in a California plane crash aged 61. A trained pilot, he is reported to have been alone aboard a small private plane which crashed north of Santa Barbara on Monday morning. The musician worked on three… June 23, 2015 In "News"