By EricJames Ochigbo  Abuja  – The House of Representatives has begun investigations into the alleged illegal removal of managements of three federal agencies by the Minister of Labour, Mr Chris Ngige and the Minister of Power, Mr Sale Mamman. The affected agencies are Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading (NBET) and Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) The investigation which began on Monday in Abuja was organised by an ad hoc committee of the house chaired by Rep. Miriam Onuoha (APC-Imo) Onuoha recalled that the house had on July, 17 deliberated a motion of urgent public importance and resolved to investigate the alleged procedural breach by the ministers. She said that the house resolved to investigate the alleged breach of procurement procedures and financial malpractice and malfeasance in the agencies and report back in one week. “Our Committee began work immediately and reached out to all concerned in the matter with a call for memoranda. “About 95 per cent of all actors involved have made their written submissions; I must commend your prompt response to our letters. “Without preempting the outcome of this investigative hearing, the committee wishes to extend to all the parties the benefit of the principle of fair hearing. “I wish to remind us that this committee is not out to witch-hunt anybody, but play our legislative duties; please note that we will be just and fair to all concerned in this matter,”she said. The hearing continues on July 21 enable all affected parties speak on document already presented to the committee, including the ministers. (NAN) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post)SINCE 2015 when the government of President Muhammadu Buhari dissolved the Board of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund, NSITF, constituted by the previous government of President Goodluck Jonathan, the government through the Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, has refused to reconstitute the… February 28, 2019 In "Top Stories" The House of Representatives is to investigate the activities of the Nigeria Bulk Electricity Trading Company (NBET) between 2015 and 2020 with a view to ascertaining whether there has been act if corruption in the management of the agency. The House had last week stepped down a motion pass a… May 19, 2020 In "News" Abuja -  The House of Representatives on Tuesday commenced investigation into activities of the Joint Military Task Force (JTF) in the Niger Delta. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the house is investigating alleged burning and destruction of equipment seized from illegal refinery operators in the area by… November 3, 2015 In "Top Stories"