The Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, on Tuesday commenced an inspection tour of the Federal Government’s road projects in Lagos State. The minister kicked off the inspection at the Apapa-Oshodi-Ojota-Oworonshoki Expressway reconstruction project, then moved to the Third Mainland Bridge which has been partially shut for repairs. Read Also: Third Mainland Bridge Has Been Closed. What Next? The bridge was shut on Friday, and will remain shut for the next six months as the repairs continue. According to the Federal Controller of Works, Olukayode Popoola, a diversion has been created for the contractor handling the repairs to commence work on the outward lane of the island. Popoola also explained that the inward lane has been left open to enable motorists to ply the road with ease while going about their businesses. Commuters have, however, already begun to experience increased gridlock on the axis. See video below. In August 2018, the Third Mainland Bridge was shut for a three-day investigative maintenance; an underwater confirmatory test was also carried out in March 2019. Also in 2019, a viral video indicating an unusual vibration of the bridge raised concerns over the bridge’s safety, but the Federal Government dispelled the rumours insisting that the bridge was structurally fit and poses no danger to users. Meanwhile, further investigation revealed that the worn-out expansion joints of the cantilever bridge may not be posing an immediate threat to the structure at the time, but consistent use without carrying out the required maintenance work has left the bridge in bad shape. While doing the inspection on Tuesday, Fashola urged Nigerians to endure the hardship and cooperate with the construction workers. According to him, there is no better time than now, to begin the reconstruction. See more photos of Fashola’s inspection below. Channels TV •The Third Mainland Bridge was closed on July 24, 2020, for six months LAGOS - Concrete barriers have been placed to block off the mainland inbound traffic at the Adeniji end of the Third Mainland Bridge. This is in line with the partial closure for repairs of the bridge. Speaking… July 25, 2020 In "Metro" The Ministry of Works and Housing says the proposed plan to shut the third mainland bridge for a period of six months beginning from July 24 will commence and there is no going back. According to the Ministry, the repairs are necessary so as to avert a collapse of the… July 8, 2020 In "Politics" The Federal Government is set to shut the Third Mainland Bridge for six months starting from Friday, July 24. This was confirmed by the Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Olukayode Popoola. According to him, consultations are ongoing for another phase of repair works to begin on the 11.8km bridge.… July 6, 2020 In "News"