By Harrison Arubu New York – Detectives are hunting for a suspect in the gruesome murder of Fahim Saleh, the Chief Executive Officer of Lagos-based motorcycle-hailing company, Gokada, in New York on Tuesday. The decapitated and dismembered body of Saleh, 33, was found in his luxury Manhattan apartment following an alarm raised by his distraught sister. According to the New York Post, his arms and legs below the knees were removed, and body parts found in different plastic bags next to a plugged-in electric saw. The sister made the shocking discovery when she went to check on Saleh after not hearing from him for a day. Police believe they have surveillance footage of the suspect entering the building on Monday and then using the elevator with the victim. Reports say a CCTV footage shows the suspect wearing gloves, a hat and mask covering his face, and carrying a bag. He waited to entr the elevator with Saleh, and as they both rode up to the seventh floor, Saleh appeared suspicious of him. “The perpetrator had a suitcase. He was very professional,” the Daily News quoted a police source as saying. The attacker reportedly struck immediately after the deceased stepped out of the elevator, which opened directly into his apartment. He fell to the floor after either likely being shot or stunned, the footage reportedly shows, according to the Daily Mail. The killer is believed to be a professional considering the way he carried out the attack, leaving very little blood at the scene. Police detectives are trying to find out work whether the arrival of the victim’s sister interrupted the dismembering of Saleh’s body. Born in Saudi Arabia to Bangladesh parents, the millionaire tech entrepreneur was said to have moved into the two million dollar (N760 million) in late 2019. Daily Mail reported that Gokada recently faced severe challenges following its ban by the Lagos State Government earlier this year. The paper said the company was forced to migrate from a ride-sharing service to a delivery courier after laying off workers. Friends describe Saleh as a self-made millionaire who had a passion for gadgets and video games. He also enjoyed bringing tech companies into developing countries, including Nigeria and Indonesia. (NAN) By Moses Omorogieva Lagos - The Lagos State Government says it has arrested 10 riders of the new commercial motorcycles outfits known as ‘GOKADA’ and ‘MAXOKADA’ and impounded 23 other motorcycles for allegedly violating the restricted routes law. The Chairman of Lagos State Environmental Task Force, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi, confirmed… March 12, 2019 In "Metro" Commercial motorcycles, popularly called Okada,Opay and Gokada, and tricycles, known as Keke Napep, have been banned by Lagos State Government from operating in 15 Local Government Areas and Local Council Development Centres . They are also banned from operating on bridges and highways. In a press briefing by the Commissioner… January 27, 2020 In "News" Lagos (Lagos State)- The Police in Lagos on Wednesday said they had arrested nine more suspects in connection with the murder of a four-year old boy in Ijaniki area of the State. Police Public Relations Officer in the state, DSP Patricia Amadin, made this known to the News Agency of… July 29, 2015 In "News"