Tripolis  – The International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said, on Wednesday, that 95 illegal immigrants were rescued off Libya’s western coast. “A group of 95 migrants were returned to Khums, Libya by the coast guard. “IOM staff were onsite to provide needed assistance and report that among them were four women,’’ the IOM tweeted. Earlier on Wednesday, the IOM said that 131 illegal immigrants, including 13 miners, were rescued off the country’s western coast. The IOM estimates that more than 6,100 illegal immigrants have been rescued off the Libyan coast and returned to Libya so far in 2020, compared with 9,225 in 2019. The fall of the previous Muammar Gaddafi’s government in 2011 has created a state of insecurity and chaos in Libya. This has made Libya a preferred point of departure for illegal immigrants to cross the Mediterranean Sea towards European shores. Immigrant shelters in Libya are overcrowded with immigrants, despite repeated international calls to close them. (Xinhua/NAN) By Prudence Arobani New York -   More than 200 migrants have drowned in the Mediterranean from January to June, bringing the overall death toll so far this year to more than 1,000, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) has said. IOM said the tragic weekend began on Friday with two shipwrecks… July 2, 2018 In "Foreign" Tripoli -   Libyan coast guard on Monday announced that 115 illegal immigrants have been rescued off the coast of Tripoli, while they were on their way to European shores. The coast guard said that the information about the existence of a distressed boat carrying a group of people of… April 11, 2016 In "Foreign" TRIPOLI   -    Libya’s coastguard picked up 301 African migrants on Thursday from two inflatable boats after their engines failed near its western coast, a spokesman said. Libya is a main departure point for migrants fleeing wars and poverty trying to reach European countries, though crossings have dropped sharply since… June 21, 2018 In "Foreign"