The Ministry of Works and Housing says the proposed plan to shut the third mainland bridge for a period of six months beginning from July 24 will commence and there is no going back. According to the Ministry, the repairs are necessary so as to avert a collapse of the bridge. Speaking at a press conference in Lagos on Tuesday, July 8, the Controller of Works, Federal Ministry of Works, Mr. Olukayode Popoola, said the bridge was last rehabilitated in 2012 and that it is important repairs are carried out now to avert a collapse of the ever-busy bridge. According to Popoola, the first three months would be used to carry out work on the part of the bridge coming from the Lagos Island to the Mainland, while work on the other portion of the bridge coming from Oworonsoki to Lagos Island would begin three months later. “We don’t want the bridge to collapse. We want to replace worn out components and joints. The bridge will be partially closed and there will be diversion of traffic from midnight to 1pm every morning for movement from Oworonsoki to Lagos Island only on the Lagos Island bound lane while from 1pm to midnight, it will be Lagos Island to Oworonsoki traffic only on the Lagos Island bound lane. This will be in place for three months for the repairs of the Oworonsoki bound lane,” he said Popoola said the second phase of the work would follow the same pattern and would be for another three months. “Motorists are advised to also ply the alternative routes of Carter Bridge through Iddo to Oyingbo to join Adekunle ramp inward Oworonsoki, or from Ijora through Western Avenue to Ikorodu Road,” he said. The repairs on the bridge is expected to terminate in January. Source The Federal Government is set to shut the Third Mainland Bridge for six months starting from Friday, July 24. This was confirmed by the Federal Controller of Works in Lagos, Olukayode Popoola. According to him, consultations are ongoing for another phase of repair works to begin on the 11.8km bridge.… July 6, 2020 In "News" By Grace Alegba Lagos -  The Federal Controller of Works, Lagos, Mr Adedamola Kuti, on Wednesday in Lagos said that the emergency rehabilitation/maintenance of the Third Mainland Bridge project would begin on July 27. Kuti who disclosed this a stakeholders’ meeting at the Ministry of Works office in Lagos. He… July 11, 2018 In "News" By Fortune Abang Bwari (FCT) =  Mrs Elizabeth Jatau, Senior Community Health Worker, Kuduru Primary Health Care Centre, Bwari Council Area, FCT, has urged the Federal Government to provide access road and potable water to the centre. Jatau made the appeal in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… February 7, 2017 In "News"