By Angela Atabo Abuja –  Mr Mustapha Lamidi, a Senior Editor with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday bowed out of service after attaining 60 years’ retirement age. Colleagues showered encomium on Lamidi during the send-off organised by the Editorial Department of NAN in Abuja. Lamidi was described by friends and colleagues as a man of integrity, friendly and a gentleman to the core. Mr Julius Enehikhuere, the Deputy Editor-in-Chief, Editorial Operations, described Lamidi as a senior editor who was hard working and contributed to the development of the department and the agency. “He was a man who was able to bridge the gap between the senior and the junior staff of the agency and left a shining legacy and a good footprint on the sands of time. “We will miss Lamidi, who we popularly referred to as `National’. “We pray for him that in his next life as he continues the sojourn of trying to contribute to the society, God will give him grace and good health to achieve all his goals.” Mr Obike Ukoh, Deputy Editor-In-Chief described Lamidi as “a very good man, jovial, who within the short period he spent in the Abuja office, is known as a man of the people.’’ He said that Lamidi, who made his own input as an editorial staff, brought humour to everything even on serious issues thereby dowsing tensions in the office. “He is a very experienced journalist and a unionist with wide reach; he has a very big temperament to manage human resources and I wish him well in his next endeavour.” Mrs Abiodun Oluleye, an Editor said that Lamidi was an honest man, who always told the truth about people without favouritism. Oluleye described him as a man of integrity and sincere to the core, who accounted for anything put under his care including money. Mrs Dorcas Jonah, another Editor, described Lamidi as a unionist who taught her how to contest elections. She prayed God to bless him as he retired from service. Responding, Lamidi expressed appreciation to editorial staff for putting together the send-off. “I am really elated. I thank you all. God will bless you all, however, I want to use this opportunity to appeal to you all to continue to uphold the good work of NAN. “I plead with the senior staff members to take the junior members as brothers and sisters and vice versa. “NAN is a reputable international organisation known throughout Africa and the world, so maintain the flag and by God’s grace this house will not fall. God bless you all.” (NAN) Bauchi, July 7, 2015 (NAN) Mr Mustapha Lamidi, a presidential candidate in the forthcoming Nigeria Union if Journalists (NUJ),elections has promised to address the menace of quacks in the profession if voted into office.. Lamidi,an editor with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), made the promise on Tuesday in Bauchi… July 7, 2015 In "News" Abuja - Mr Mustpha Lamidi, a Presidential aspirant in the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) race, has said that his priority as president would be the welfare of journalists across board. Lamidi, who is the current National Auditor of NUJ, said this in an interview with the News Agency of… June 2, 2015 In "News" Abuja,-Malam Ado Lawal, the Editor-in-Chief, News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday called for team work and spirit of togetherness among members of staff to enhance efficient operations in the agency. Lawal stated this in Abuja at a send-off ceremony organised by the editorial staff of NAN in honour of… April 15, 2015 In "News"