Three robbers, who dispossessed an Anambra State-based businessman of undisclosed amounts of dollar and euro, have been arrested. The hoodlums were said to have bought two tricycles and a shuttle bus with the stolen money. It was gathered that the suspects had been terrorising people in the Ekwusigo Local Government Area of the state for some years. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Haruna Mohammed, who confirmed the suspects’ arrest, said firearms, ammunition and other incriminating items were recovered from them. He said their arrest followed “actionable intelligence” by the command’s Special Anti-Robbery Squad. Mohammed identified the suspects as Onyebuchi Osadebe, 28, from Akwu Ukwu in the Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State; Chibuike Ebere, 23, from the Isiala Mbano Local Government Area of Imo State; and Umoke Kelechi, 22, of the Ikwo Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. The PPRO added, “The syndicate had on July 11, 2020, around 6.15am at Umuibu village, Akwu Ukwu, allegedly robbed one Emmanuel Obi at gunpoint and dispossessed him of N700,000, €8,000, $3,000 and some phones. “Exhibits recovered from the suspects at the point of arrest included one pump action gun, one fabricated gun, four live cartridges, N610,000, €4,600, $600, one shuttle bus newly purchased with the victim’s money, two new tricycles and three phones stolen from the victim. “Suspects have voluntarily confessed to the crime and investigation is ongoing after which they will be brought to justice.” (Punch) The police in Anambra State have arrested a man, who allegedly impersonates the Catholic priest of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, to defraud unsuspecting members of the public. The suspect, whose name could not be ascertained as of press time, was arrested on Sunday in Fegge, Onitsha… August 12, 2019 In "News" By Peter Okolie Robbery Onitsha (Anambra) - The Police Command in Anambra has rescued Mr Chimieze Abordike, 28, who was kidnapped at Ilongwodo-Ogidi in Idemili North Local Government Area of the state by suspected armed robbery gang. The Command’s Police Public Relations Officer, Mr Haruna Mohammed disclosed this in a… May 18, 2019 In "Metro" Police in Anambra State have rescued two siblings from their abductors in Odume, Obosi, in Idemili North local government area of Anambra State. The police spokesperson, Haruna Mohammed who disclosed this on Wednesday in a statement said the suspects, Maduako Chukwuka and Micheal Chukwuebuka were nabbed in Nkpor area of… June 5, 2019 In "Metro"