By Abraham Olatokunbo The immediate past Speaker of the House of Representatives Rt. Hon Yakubu Dogara has explained the reasons why he left the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC).In a letter of resignation addressed to the Bogoro ‘C’ Ward Chairman of the PDP dated July 24, 2020, Hon Dogara alluded to failure or breakdown of governance in his native state of Bauchi under the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed whom he helped install as a governor in the 2019 elections.Dogara who raised questions on issues relating to failure of governance in Bauchi State noted that he cannot successfully ask questions about those issues without being accused of disloyalty if he were to remain in the PDP.He argued that if he abdicate this responsibility of telling the truth to power in Bauchi State, having done same under the administrations of former Governors Isa Yuguda and Mohammed Abubakar he will be the most irresponsible and unprincipled politician in Bauchi State.See the letter belowThe ChairmanPeople’s Democratic Party,Bogoro ‘C’ Ward,Bogoro LGA,Bauchi State.LETTER OF RESIGNATION OF MY MEMBERSHIP OF THE PDPAbove subject matter refers.I write to intimate you of my decision to resign my membership of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).This became necessary because the same reasons why we fought hard in 2019 to effect changes in the Governance of our dear state are festering now.I intend to bring these issues to the front burners once again as the fight to install decent and egalitarian government in our dear state continues.Specifically, I intend to ask questions about the following:a. What has happened to LGA allocations since May 2019?b. What happened to our campaign promise to conduct LGA elections within six months of the PDP government?c. What happened to the N4.6 billion loan taken from a bank and paid directly into an private company’s account?d. Why are we segmenting salaries and why is payment of salaries of state workers outsourced to a private firm as consultants?e. Why are contracts inflated, awarded and payment of mobilisation done in violation of extant rules on procurement?f. Why are our highly revered Traditional Rulers and Elders treated with odium contrary to the guarantee we gave during the campaign that such will not happen under a PDP government?Mr. Chairman, you will agree with me that I cannot raise these issues and many more questions without a charge of disloyalty levelled against me if I were to remain a member of the PDP.I cannot also fail to raise these questions now, having raised similar ones during the administrations of Governors Isa Yuguda and Mohammed A. Abubakar. If I abdicate this responsibility on the altar of partisan loyalty, I will be the most irresponsible and unprincipled politician in Bauchi State.Thus, by this letter, I have resigned my membership of the PDP to enable me keep faith with my principle of fighting for good governance in our Dear State.Thank you for your kind considerations.Rt. Hon. Yakubu Dogara24/07/2020 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party and former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has congratulated the governor-elect of Bauchi State, Bala Mohammed for his victory at the just concluded governorship election in the state. Atiku who described his victory as “deeply satisfying,”… March 27, 2019 In "Politics" Bauchi (Sundiata Post) - Bauchi State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Hamza Ibrahim Usha, said on Thursday  that  Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State had invested heavily in Bauchi people and should expect to reap the benefits of such investments in his quest to become president… September 28, 2018 In "Politics" Bauchi - The atmosphere remained calm in Bauchi on Monday in spite the confirmation of Gov.Bala Mohammed of the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) as the duly elected governor of the state by the Supreme Court. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Correspondents report that people went about their normal businesses, just… January 20, 2020 In "News"