Billionaire oil magnate, Prince Arthur Eze, has said it will take God for an Igbo man to become Nigeria’s President. According to him, the Igbo people do not love another and are not united. Ahead of the 2023 general elections, Eze advised the Ndigbo not to crave for a President of Igbo extraction but a President who would champion their interest irrespective of his tribe. He spoke to journalists in Ukpo, Anambra State, on Sunday, during a church service. He declared that he would support a good leader as Nigerian President irrespective of the person’s ethnic group. Eze said, “For the Igbo to be President, they must love themselves. Do they love themselves? The North is very kind. If you go to northern Nigerian, you will see churches everywhere. There are churches in Kano, Sokoto, Kaduna, Abuja and others yet they say there is hatred. Do we (Igbo) love ourselves? “Only God can make an Igbo man President. We shall pray to God to find an Igbo man who has character to help people. I would prefer someone who has conscience; somebody who will remember me. I don’t care where you come from. “I went to the North, they didn’t know who I was. They gave me $12m for the construction of Kano TV in 1980. I didn’t have one naira then. It was the same thing in Katsina, Borno and Kaduna. Then, they put me in oil business. They didn’t care where I came from. Tell me any Igbo man who can do that?” (The Punch) •Prince Arthur Eze By Chinwe UgwuThe English cleric, theologian and evangelist, John Wesley once said: "Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you can. To all the people you… July 16, 2019 In "Features" Recently, Prince Arthur Eze’s name has appeared in the news once more, as he lost the lawsuit to a British couple for pulling out of a house deal. As a result, he had to pay them £1 million in damages. This astounding amount begs the question: what is Arthur Eze… February 27, 2018 In "Top Stories" Popular Billionaire oil magnate, Prince Arthur Eze aka Arthur 1000 has said that the Igbos will remain loyal and continue supporting President Buhari for his "tremendous provision of economic and infrastructural facilities" in the South-East since he assumed office in 2015. In a statement released by his media aide, Oliver… July 6, 2020 In "Opinion"