By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  – President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met with governors elected under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the virtual meeting, which lasted for about 40 minutes, may be reconvened to discuss party matters including the forthcoming National Convention of the party as well as the Edo and Ondo governorship elections. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has fixed Sept. 19 and Oct. 10 for the conduct of Edo and Ondo governorship elections, respectively. NAN reports that those with President Buhari at the coordinating venue of the meeting included Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo and Secretary to Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha. Others were the Chief of Staff to the President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari and the Chairman of the APC Governors’ Forum and Governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu. Bagudu, who spoke to State House correspondents at the end of the meeting, declined comment on the outcome of the meeting. He, however, announced that there would be another meeting involving members of the APC caretaker committee at the State House, today. (NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari is meeting with the leadership of the Progressives Governors Forum at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. PGF Chairman and Kebbi Governor, Atiku Bagudu, was accompanied by Governors Simon Lalong of Plateau State and Badaru Abubakar of Jigawa State. The meeting would deliberate on security and the ongoing crisis… June 22, 2020 In "Politics" The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.) and Governors of the All Progressives Congress have postponed the National Executive Council meeting of the party. They took the decision on Monday at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, after a brief meeting. The postponement is indefinite, The PUNCH reports. According to the Chairman,… March 16, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics"