A policeman and resident were injured when fresh dynamite exploded at First Bank branch of Okeho, Oyo State on Thursday. The bank was robbed by a gang on Wednesday but some of them were apprehended and burnt to death by an angry mob. Two of them were arrested. They had blown the security door open with dynamite fired from an AK 47 gun. After gaining entry, they went for the strong room and made away with some cash, according to the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Olugbenga Fadeyi. When the Commissioner of Police Nwachukwu Enwonwu, visited the scene on Thursday, a crowd of angry residents was said to have gathered requesting release of the detained robbers to them to set them ablaze. But Enwonwu refused. Fadeyi said the crowd remained with the policemen who had gone there to examine the equipment still left in the bank’s premises and assess extent of damage. He said the CP appealed to the crowd to maintain a good distance to allow his men examine the premises but that they remained adamant. Fresh dynamite exploded in the process, injuring a policeman and someone among the angry crowd. Consequently, Fadeyi said some of the mob attempted to attack the police but the CP ordered his men to leave the scene to prevent degeneration to physical attacks. He said two suspects had been brought to Ibadan for intensified investigations. The Nation Three members of a gang who attempted to rob the branch of an old generation bank in Okeho, Oyo State were on Wednesday set ablaze by an angry mob. The robbers attacked the bank at about 3pm with a dynamite to gain access. It was however not yet clear if… July 29, 2020 In "News" No fewer than six policemen and six others, including residents and bank customers, have been reported killed after some robbers stormed about five banks in Offa, in the Offa Local Government Area of Kwara State on Thursday. Sources said the men, who numbered close to 30, blew up entrances into… April 6, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Rasaq Ibrahim ADO-EKITI - A police officer has been confirmed dead and many persons wounded in a bank robbery in Ise-Ekiti, the headquarters of Ise/Orun Local Government Area of the state. The deceased was said to be a security official with a branch of Wema Bank located at the… September 27, 2019 In "Metro"