Social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter as well as video streaming site, Youtube, have deleted videos by an American-based physician, Dr Stella Immanuel, who claimed to have recorded a 100 per cent success rate in the treatment of COVID-19 using hydroxychloroquine. The video was first published by Breitbart News, a right-wing medium co-founded by Steve Bannon, a former aide to American President, Donald Trump. In the video, which was shot in front of the United States Supreme Court, Dr Immanuel is seen with seven others wearing white lab coats calling themselves “America’s Frontline Doctors” and addressing the press. President Trump, who is up for reelection in November, shared multiple versions of the video with his 84 million Twitter followers on Monday night. During the press conference, she claims “you don’t need masks” to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, and that recent studies showing hydroxychloroquine is ineffective for the treatment of Covid-19 are “fake science” sponsored by “fake pharma companies”. “This virus has a cure, it’s called hydroxychloroquine, zinc, and Zithromax,” the woman claims. “You don’t need masks, there is a cure.” The claims run contrary to multiple studies on the anti-malarial drug and advice from public health officials to prevent the spread of the virus. According to CNN, a study found that neither hydroxychloroquine alone nor hydroxychloroquine plus azithromycin appeared to affect the condition of patients at the 15-day mark. Additionally, unusual heart rhythms and elevated liver-enzyme levels were more frequent in patients receiving hydroxychloroquine alone or with azithromycin, according to the study. The video quickly went viral on Facebook, becoming one of the top-performing posts on the platform with more than 14 million views before it was taken down Monday night for promoting misinformation. It was shared nearly 600,000 times, according to Crowdtangle, a data-analytics firm owned by Facebook. “We’ve removed this video for sharing false information about cures and treatments for COVID-19,” a Facebook spokesperson told CNN, adding that the platform is “showing messages in News Feed to people who have reacted to, commented on or shared harmful COVID-19-related misinformation that we have removed, connecting them to myths debunked by the WHO.” Twitter worked to scrub the video late Monday night after Trump shared versions of the video that amassed hundreds of thousands of views. “We’re taking action in line with our Covid misinfo policy,” a Twitter spokesperson told CNN. Twitter took action against the videos that Trump retweeted. By early Tuesday morning, the videos were no longer able to be viewed on his account. Twitter also took action on a version of the video posted by Donald Trump Jr. and others shared by Breitbart News. The video was also removed by YouTube, where it had been viewed more than 40,000 times. Users attempting to access the video late Monday were greeted with a message that said it had been removed for “violating YouTube’s Community Guidelines.” According to the website for America’s Frontline Doctors, the group is led by Dr. Simone Gold, a Los Angeles-based emergency medicine specialist who has previously been featured on Fox News for her views that stay-at-home orders are harmful. Gold told the Associated Press in May she wanted to speak out against stay-home orders because there was “no scientific basis that the average American should be concerned” about Covid-19. America’s Frontline Doctors could not be reached for comment late Monday. (Punch) Donald Trump Jr.'s Twitter account was restricted after he posted a video of a doctor claiming hydroxychloroquine 'cures' coronavirusHis pokesperson Andrew Surabian posted the notification of the ban, claiming, 'Big Tech is the biggest threat to free expression in America'Trump also retweeted the video and made posts praising hydroxychloroquineDr. Stella… July 28, 2020 In "Foreign" YouTube has blocked Dr Stella Immanuel’s testimony about the efficacy of hydroxychloroquine, as a cure for COVID-19. YouTube said it violates its rules. Facebook is also reported to have done the same, with Immanuel’s account blocked. This made the doctor threaten to crash the social platform, invoking the power of… July 28, 2020 In "News" New York - A Nigerian-born and trained physician, Dr Stella Emmanuel, is trending on social media after delivering an impassioned COVID-19 speech in the U.S. on Monday. Speaking at a news conference in Washington, Emmanuel claimed that antimalarial drug, hydroxychloroquine, zinc, and antibacterial drug, Zithromax, were effective cures for the… July 28, 2020 In "Health"