Manchester (UK)  – Participants in major upcoming sports events in England will be exempt from travel quarantine rules, Britain’s Culture Secretary has said. The British government announced on Friday that it would end the 14-day coronavirus quarantine for people arriving in England from more than 50 countries. Such countries include Germany, France, Spain and Italy, but not the U.S. Yet Culture Secretary Oliver Dowden said new rules will allow exemptions for people involved in sports as well as film and television production. “Sports authorities, event organisers and the screen industry will need to follow Government covid secure guidance/ “They need to put in place stringent protocols to ensure that they have a minimal impact on public health,” the Department of Culture, Media and Sport said in a statement. “Exempted individuals will live and work in controlled `bubbled’ environments behind closed doors.” The steps will help events such as the British Grand Prix at Silverstone, with the track staging two Formula One races this year on Aug. 2 and Aug. 9. The exemptions, along with the creation of `corridors’ for a number of countries, will also ease the way for cricket and golf. It should allow Manchester City to host their UEFA Champions League last 16 home leg against Real Madrid in August. The World Snooker Championships, major darts, horse racing and other sports events should also be positively impacted. Dowden said: “I’m very pleased that we’ve agreed exemptions from border health measures for a limited number of athletes and events staff, which means the British summer of sports is back on.” (Reuters/NAN) London - Police in one of Britain’s largest cities on Thursday urged the public to observe a near-lockdown to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, after breaking up 660 parties in just four days. Greater Manchester Police said they were concerned that more people might ignore the lockdown during… April 9, 2020 In "Foreign" Sydney - The Players Championship golf event was halted after one round and the Australian Formula One Grand Prix scrapped. This is as the unprecedented shutdown of elite sport triggered by the coronavirus pandemic continued around the globe on Friday. In a frenetic 24 hours, Europe’s leading football leagues were… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" Kiev - The Ukrainian Government has approved a decision to extend the quarantine measures introduced in the country till June 22. The second stage of easing the restrictions will begin from May 22, Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said. As part of the second phase of easing, public transportation and… May 21, 2020 In "Foreign"