Vienna  –  Austria on Tuesday said it was suspending passenger flights from most Balkan countries, Moldova and Egypt to lower the risk of travellers infected with coronavirus entering the country. The measure will take effect from Thursday, the Health Ministry said. The move comes on top of the travel warnings that Austria issued for the Balkan region at the start of July. The new ban covers arrivals from Albania, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Kosovo, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Serbia, Bulgaria, Romania, Moldova and Egypt. Flight bans will remain in place for Belarus, Britain, China, Iran, Portugal, Russia, Sweden and Ukraine. Austrian health authorities have partly traced the recent increase in infections to travellers who had stayed in the Balkans. Many people in Austria’s large community with Balkan roots spend their summer vacations in their countries of origin. More than 530,000 people among Austria’s population of 8.9 million have roots in former Yugoslavia. In addition, some 120,000 Romanians live in Austria. (dpa/NAN) Potsdam (Germany)   -   Migrants should no longer be able to get to Germany and Europe via the Balkan route, German Interior Minister, Thomas de Maiziere said on Friday. Maiziere made this known at a joint news conference with Austrian Interior Minister Wolfgang Sobotka in Potsdam near Berlin. He said that… April 29, 2016 In "Foreign" Linz (Austria) - The Austrian state of Upper Austria on Tuesday said it would become the first region to re-introduce mandatory face covering in some public places after a spike in new coronavirus infections. According to the Governor of the state, Thomas Stelzer, from Thursday residents must cover their mouth… July 7, 2020 In "Foreign" Berlin/Viennab - European countries attempted to block a severe coronavirus outbreak in Italy from spreading any further on Tuesday with travel bans and warnings, as they introduced ever stricter measures to contain their own domestic epidemics. Speaking during a video conference of European Union leaders late on Tuesday, European Council… March 11, 2020 In "Foreign"