Benin –  The State Secretariat of the Peoples Democratic Party was a beehive of activities yesterday, as leaders of the Igbo Women Community in Edo, dumped to the APC for the PDP. The women led by Mrs Blessing Ahoruonye were received by the PDP State Women leader, Mrs Lindsay Sorea. In her speech, Mrs Blessing Ahoruonye said they were joining the PDP so they can offer maximum support to Governor Obaseki in appreciation of the excellent work he is doing. She recalled that the double and over taxation by thugs in the previous APC government had stopped since the start of Godwin Obaseki’s administration. She also mentioned the impressive developmental stride being witnessed in the state as well as the economic expansion that has positively influenced the rate of consumption and the governor’s prudent management of resources. Mrs. Ahoruonye expressed fear that if Governor Obaseki’s administration is disrupted, ” God forbid” the state will go back to the “hands of thugs, brutal tax collectors and servicing of godfathers at the detriment of development and ease of doing business”. She rejects the return of the state to a party immersed in corruption while citing recent NDDC and EFCC allegations amongst others and vowed that they would vote for PDP and Governor Obaseki to ensure that the train is not derailed. “We the Ibo Community in Edo State have realized our past mistakes and we are fully ready to correct it this time by voting PDP”, Mrs Ahoruonye said. Sun News Edo State governor, Mr Godwin Obaseki, said on Saturday that he still enjoys the support and sympathy of governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Obaseki made the disclosure at the Abuja national secretariat of the PDP shortly after he was screened for the June… June 21, 2020 In "Politics" Party’s aspirants insists on contesting primariesDeputy Governor Shuaibu may lose out in dealOkowa leads lobby for governor’s defectionDump APC, supporters tell ObasekiAPC NWC upholds disqualification, expels IduorikemwenPetition raises fresh hurdle for Edo governor The planned defection of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is… June 14, 2020 In "Politics" Women from the three senatorial districts of Edo State have endorsed the re-election of Governor Godwin Obaseki. The women declared their support for the governor on Thursday during separate news conferences in Benin. Market women from the 18 local government areas, a coalition of professional women, female teachers from all… May 28, 2020 In "Politics"