No fewer than 12 aides of the Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi have been infected with the deadly COVID-19, a source has disclosed. The affected aides include some of the cabinet members, domestic staff and security aides to Governor Fayemi. This came after the governor directed all his aides and appointees to go for COVID -19 tests to ascertain their status. Fayemi had last Wednesday announced on his verified Twitter handle that his third results of COVID 19 tests had turned out positive and had gone into self-isolation as part of measures to curb spread of the infection. One of the aides to the governor, who craved anonymity, told our reporter on Monday. He disclosed that those aides who have tested positive were already in isolation while others are awaiting the results of their samples. The Ekiti State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr. Olawale Fapohunda earlier announced through his twitter handle @AGWaleFapohunda that his test returned positive. He twitted, “The result of my second COVID-19 test came out positive today. In line with the established protocols, I have commenced a period of self-isolation. In my absence, all state legal matters should be referred to the Solicitor-General of the State.” Confirming the development, the Health Commissioner, Dr Mojisola Yaya-Kolade said the Attorney General and some members of the cabinet have been infected with the coronavirus. Yaya-Kolade, who refused to name the name of the affected Governor Fayemi’s aides, said it was against the ethics of the profession to disclose the identity of COVID-19 patients. Giving updates on Governor Fayemi’s health status, she said he was doing fine and in good spirit, calling on the people to adhere to all laid down guidelines and protocols towards stopping the further spread of COVID-19 in the state. “As you are aware that the commissioner for justice announced his status on twitter and I can tell you that there are other members of the cabinet that are also positive but I must say that they are at liberty to disclose or keep to themselves for the obvious reasons,” the commissioner said. Yaya-Kolade disclosed that the state has 67 active cases saying, “all our patients are doing fine including the governor. They are responding to treatment and we have no problem with them.” The Nation