Leicester –   Leicester City are enjoying a successful campaign and should not be judged on their string of poor results since the season’s resumption after the COVID-19 break, manager Brendan Rodgers said on Friday. Third-placed Leicester have picked up just two points from their last three Premier League games and crashed out of the FA Cup last week after a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea in the quarter-finals.“We accept collectively we’re in an adverse moment. We haven’t gotten the results we want and the main challenge is to come through that. “There’s got to be a sense of perspective. Don’t judge the side based on the last four games, but over the course of the whole season. “We’re still in a brilliant position. I wouldn’t swap it for any other,” Rodgers told reporters ahead of Saturday’s visit from 12th-placed Crystal Palace. Jamie Vardy, the league’s joint top scorer with 19 goals, has failed to find the back of the net since the Premier League’s restart, but Rodgers brushed off concerns over the striker’s form heading into the final six games of the season. “I’m not worried about Vardy. He’s been a breath of fresh air ever since I joined the club. His talent and goal-scoring abilities are right up there with the best. “His form mirrors where the team is at. When he gets opportunities he will take them. We’ve spoken about ways to get him more chances, ” Rodgers, 47, added. A spike in the city’s COVID-19 cases prompted police to institute a local lockdown on Monday, but Rodgers said his side had no concerns over taking the field “Nothing has changed. It’s worth pointing out that the city’s been doing everything they can to adhere to local health guidelines and they deserve credit,” he added. The Leicester boss confirmed playmaker James Maddison was still battling a hip injury and could miss Saturday’s clash. (Reuters/NAN) London - Leicester City’s Jamie Vardy pounced to score a crucial late equaliser as they hit back against Arsenal to draw 1-1 in the English Premier League (EPL) on Tuesday. The equaliser came after the London side’s substitute Eddie Nketiah was sent off late on. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s 20th league goal… July 8, 2020 In "Sports" By Martyn Herman LONDON   - It will be party time on Saturday when Leicester City play their first game as Premier League champions, but for the clubs they have left in the shade and those fighting relegation there is serious business to attend to. Claudio Ranieri's fantastic Foxes will… May 5, 2016 In "Sports" By Neil Robinson LONDON  - Leicester City failed to grasp their first chance to clinch the Premier League title when they drew 1-1 at Manchester United on Sunday but they moved ever closer to a first English top-flight crown. That will be confirmed if Tottenham Hotspur do not beat Chelsea… May 2, 2016 In "Sports"