By Ikenna Uwadileke Abuja –  The Senate Chief Whip, Dr Orji Kalu, has described the death of Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, as a national loss. A statement issued on Thursday in Abuja by the office of the Senate Chief Whip quoted Kalu as saying that the late pilot died in her prime while serving the country. Kalu, therefore, commiserated with the family of the deceased, the Nigerian Airforce, the womenfolk and Nigerians at large over the loss. He said: “the demise of flying officer, Tolulope Arotile, Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot, is a huge loss to Nigeria. “The late pilot was a dedicated Nigerian, who will be remembered for her professional skills and contributions to the Nigerian Airforce. “It is painful that she died in her prime. “I extend my heartfelt condolences to the Arotile family and the Nigerian Airforce.’’ The former governor prayed God to grant the late pilot eternal rest. According to the Nigerian Airforce (NAF), the young flying officer died from head injury sustained from a road accident which occurred at its base in Kaduna. The 23-year-old flying officer died on July 14, 2020. Commissioned into the Nigerian Airforce in September 2017 as a member of the Nigerian Defence Academy Regular Course 64, Arotile was the first female combat helicopter pilot in the service. (NAN) The Nigerian Air Force has lost its first female combat helicopter pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile. She died in an auto crash on Tuesday. The young officer was killed by a reversing car inside the Air Force base in Kaduna. The car was driven by her old schoolmate. The deceased… July 16, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has announced the death of Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, who died on July 14, as a result of head injuries sustained from a road traffic accident at NAF Base Kaduna.‬ Late Arotile was the first female combat helicopter pilot in the NAF. Air… July 15, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - More details have emerged about the death of Nigeria’s first female combat pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, who died at the Nigerian Air Force Base in Kaduna State on Tuesday. The 24-year-old was said to have been hit by a car driven by a former classmate who wanted… July 15, 2020 In "News"