A woman has cried out for justice after her brother suffered a horrific accident at work that cost his life. The woman said her brother worked for a steel industrial company in Amuwo Odofin but occupational hazard led to his death. She further alleged that the company is trying to cover up her brother’s death and she asked Nigerians to help her get justice for her brother. Sharing a photo of her brother before the accident, she wrote: “I lost my brother yesterday (July 16) to an accident at work,he works with saba steel industrial company at amuwo odofin we were not told what happened until we got to hospital his corpse was not shown to us until we start fighting with people from the company this is my brother before.” She then shared graphic photos of her brother after the accident and wrote: “The accident we were told it was a minor accident on his arm when we got to the hospital with plenty fight and shouting we were allowed to see our brother this was what we saw my brother head was splinted into two that was why they were hiding the corpse telling us we are Muslim let them dress him up for burial. “It was a painful exit we need to people who can help is fight for our brother they are trying to cover it up pease tag all everybody that can fight retweet till it get to the proper authorities cause with what we are hearing and seeing.” She also shared a video of her brother’s corpse and wrote: “They want to sweep it under the rug they are telling is insurance cover him that all we are hearing my brother his a graduate no work thats why he was working with this company they killed him and they are not telling us how it happened.” A former staff of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has been killed by his friend after a meal leaving many people in shock. TheCable has shared details of how the incident happened: When Ibrahim Ajayi Allah (pictured), a retiree of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), relocated from Ogidi… December 18, 2019 In "Metro" A pregnant woman has died after her husband allegedly stabbed her to death just two months after their wedding. Rita Onyemauchechukwu Onyebuchi and her husband Mr Ikechukwu popularly called "Agbada", both from Anambra state, got married on January 10, 2020. On Tuesday, March 24, her younger brother Onyebuchi John Paul,… March 29, 2020 In "News" Lagos - Nigerians have protested at the CC7 Construction company following alleged murder of a Nigerian worker by his North Korea co-worker.   A North Korean national who works with CC7 Construction company in Lekki area of Lagos state, has been accused of killing a Nigerian man said to be his… September 23, 2019 In "Metro"