ABUJA – The suspended Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) Interim Management Committee, Joi Nunieh, has accused the Minister of Niger Delta, Godswil Akpabio of sexual harassment. Fielding questions on Arise News this morning (Monday), Ms Nunieh confessed that he once slapped the Minister for attempting to come on her. She however said, what Akpabio attempted to do could not be regarded as ‘attempted rape’. President Muhammad Buharu constituted the NDDC Interim Management Committee headed by Ms Nunieh to carry out forensic audit of the commission. Justifying why she slapped the minister, the former NDDC MD said Akpabio was always scheduling a meeting with her either at his guest house in Apo or in the hotel. She said when he could not succeed to sleep with her, the Minister then came up with accusation of insubordination to suspend her from office. Ms Nunieh says: “When Akpabio saw that I cannot bring out the money, he now tried Plan B, a case of insubordination. “Why did he not tell the President why I slapped him. Why did he not tell Nigerians the Plan B of insubordination? Why did he not tell Mr President that I slapped him? Why did he not tell Nigerians that I slapped him? “Why did he take me to a guest house in Apo? Why did he not tell Nigerians what insubordination is all about? “Why did I stop to meet him? He told the Senate committee that I refused to meet him to have meeting. Why didn’t we have our meetings in his office? I told Mr Akpabio that I will not go to any meeting outside his office. “The last time he came to Port Harcourt, I did not go to Le’Meriden to meet him. Asked by Tundun Abiola if she really did slap his (Akpabio) face, she said: ”I am the only Ogoni woman, the only Nigerian woman to slap his face. I slapped him because of his Plan B. “He thought since he couldn’t get me to release the money, he thought that Plan B if he could could come on me, he didn’t know that I am a Port Harcourt girl.” Seeking further clarification, Dr Reuben Abati, asked, are you accusing Senator Akpabio of attempted rape or sexual harrasment, is that what you are saying? Nunieh responded, “Harassment sounds better not rape. Yes, I am accusing him. Akpabio is most interested in my love life. Did he want to be my seventh husband? “That’s why Akpabio told the world that I am temperamental. You know why Akpabio will tell the world that I may temperamental? Because of that incident that I slapped him. (Promptnewsonline) President Muhammadu Buhari has been charged to immediately sack the Niger Delta Development Commission’s (NDDC) executive director of projects, Dr. Cairo Ojougboh on the grounds that he lacks the qualification to man his current position. Women under the aegis of Niger-Delta Women Integrity Vanguard (NDWIV), gave the call in a… March 7, 2020 In "News" Niger Delta ex-militants have lambasted a former acting Managing Director of Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Dr. Joy Nunieh, for her recent tirades against Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio. The former agitators under the auspices of the 21st Century Youths of the Niger Delta (21st CYND) said… May 18, 2020 In "News" •Godswill Akpabio In his continuing effort at delivering a more development-driven Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), President Muhammadu Buhari on March 10, 2020 inaugurated the Advisory Committee of the Commission. Similarly, the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio had also inaugurated the Presidential Monitoring Committee of the NDDC… March 13, 2020 In "Opinion"