The fish with human-like lips and teeth A fish with human-like lips and teeth has left tongues wagging on social media after it was reportedly caught in Malaysia. The fish known as triggerfish was posted on Twitter by @raff_nasir on July 2 with the caption: “her lips are hotter than mine.” David Booth, a marine ecologist at the University of Technology, Sydney told CNET that the fish is known to attack divers who come very close to their nest and, “Their very strong teeth can remove a finger!” However, with caution when asked about the resemblance to human teeth, he clarified, “Their teeth are large but not human-like, so yes the pictures do look fake!” said Booth. Despite looking doctored, the toothy critter may be a real, live triggerfish that inhabits tropical seas around the globe, reports National Geographic. The triggerfish uses its people-like teeth to crunch crabs and sea urchins, which they flip over to get at the soft underbelly beneath, as demonstrated in this fascinating video. The triggerfish isn’t the only ocean dweller whose appearance evokes human anatomy. In December, a California beach was besieged by a flotilla of pulsating “penis fish,” which have spawned hundreds of jokes and memes on social media. “Ladies, if you aren’t satisfied at home, remember there are plenty of fish in the sea,” Tweeted comedian Mark Normand with a pic of the phallic-looking animals. bibir dia lagi seksi dari aku  pic.twitter.com/zzq8IPWzvD Source BY BBC Doctors in India have extracted 232 teeth from the mouth of a 17-year-old boy in a seven-hour operation. Ashik Gavai was brought in with a swelling in his right jaw, Dr Sunanda Dhiware, head of Mumbai’s JJ Hospital’s dental department, told the BBC. The teenager had been suffering… July 24, 2014 In "Health" By Azu Ishiekwene President Muhammadu Buhari said for the nineteenth time on Tuesday that we could not pay N1trillion every year to import food. I understand his frustration. But that cannot pay for the price of fish. We can and will continue to pay through our nose to feed our… November 19, 2015 In "Opinion" Girls, you know that your purse is almost like a best friend. You also know that there are some things you should always carry in your purse. You go nowhere without that purse and when you don’t have it on you, you feel like a part of you is missing.… September 11, 2019 In "News"