Owerri – The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has condemned the continued appointment of chairman of the EFCC from the northern part of the country. In a statement on the investigation of Magu, leader of IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, said, since former former President Olusegun Obasanjo established the commission, “it now appears that the commission was established for Fulani alone to run, as no other tribe has headed its leadership.” He said the setup was abnormal, since Nigeria had people from other tribes qualified and capable of heading the EFCC and doing a good job of it. Kanu said the appointment of only northerners to head such sensitive and important government agencies as the EFCC and the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation was not good for a country with other tribes. The IPOB leader said he would expose corrupt people in government who were pillaging the economy but pointing the accusing finger at former President Goodluck Jonathan’s wife, Dame Patience Jonathan, and the Igbo, who have done nothing. “The Indigenous People of Biafra will expose more of them for the whole world to see how criminal-minded they are,” he said. He said the investigation of Magu confirmed his “position that the so-called war against corruption is a huge joke. That shows the contraption called Nigeria is gone.” He said people in government were “playing with the rest of the people unequally yoked together in the contraption by Britain.” Sun News ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has raised an alarm over the recent call by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that the leader of IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, must be stopped at all costs if Nigeria was to avert a war. In a statement issued on Thursday and… July 6, 2017 In "Top Stories" •IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu ABUJA - Proscribed separatist group Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) is targeting Southeast governors, Ohanaeze President Nnia Nwodo and Chief of Army Staff (COAS),  Lt. Gen Tukur Buratai for attacks abroad, its leader Nnamdi Kanu, said on Sunday. He also announced a reward of N1 million… August 19, 2019 In "Top Stories" Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council has alleged that the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) is sponsored by politicians within and outside the country, especially a northern presidential candidate. It also claimed IPOB leader Nnamdi Kanu’s popularity soared because of President Muhammadu Buhari’s poor handling of the economy, which exposed the citizenry… August 26, 2019 In "News"