By Chinyere Omeire Lagos –   Some lawyers in Lagos on Friday commended the suspension of the Acting Chairman, Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, by President Muhammadu Buhari over alleged corruption. In interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, the lawyers said the suspension reinforced the principle that nobody could be above the law. They said that Magu’s suspension would enable free and fair investigations into the allegations levelled against him. NAN reports that Magu is currently being investigated by a presidential panel over allegations of corruption. Mr Chibuikem Opara, a lawyer at the Justification Law Firm, Ikeja, said the president took a good step in suspending the EFCC acting chairman to show his commitment to the fight against corruption. “One good thing about Magu’s suspension is that it reinforces the principle that nobody is above the law. “The revelation herein is that this has shown the level of corruption in the country. “A situation where the chairman of an anti-corruption agency is enmeshed in corruption allegations does not speak well of the country,” Opara said. He advised that the action should not stop at the level of suspension. “If he is found culpable, he should be charged to court,” he said. Mr Ogedi Ogu, a lawyer at the Source Chambers, Yaba, Lagos, told NAN that Magu’s suspension was expected, considering the weight of allegations against him. “It is interesting that his investigation is being carried out by the same government that appointed him to show non-tolerance to corruption by the government. “It also shows that nobody is above the law. If there is an allegation against the holder of an office, it is expected that an investigation should be launched. “It is an unfortunate situation to have the head of an anti-corruption agency enmeshed in corruption allegations,” Ogu said. He urged the Federal Government to ensure conclusion of the investigation. Ogu also urged that the era of EFCC media trial should end by ensuring Magu’s prosecution, if indicted. According to him, this is another test to show our commitment as a nation interested in the war against corruption. “There is no other apt opportunity than now,” Ogu said. Another Lagos-based lawyer, Mr Emmanuel Ofoegbu, said, “Magu’s suspension is proper so that the allegations against him could be fairly and freely investigated. “The president has proven that he is totally committed to fighting corruption no matter who is involved”. (NAN) By Deji Abdulwahab Abuja - The Buhari Media Organisation (BMO) has lauded President Muhammadu Buhari’s decision to suspend the acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu, pending the conclusion of the investigation by a presidential panel. BMO Chairman, Mr Niyi Akinsiju, who said this… July 8, 2020 In "Politics" The ongoing investigative probe of the embattled Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, is meant to give him the opportunity to respond to allegations leveled against him. There were indications on Tuesday afternoon that Magu’s suspension might have been recommended by the panel investigating… July 7, 2020 In "News" Kingsley Moghalu, the former deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and presidential candidate in 2019 election has insinuated that the anti-corruption war under President Muhammadu Buhari is not independent of politics. His position came in reaction to the suspension of Ibrahim Magu as Acting Chairman of the Economic… July 7, 2020 In "News"