Minna – Police in Niger State have uncovered a secret ‘torture centre’ in Suleja, where Almajiri are being physically brutalised as part of their Islamic education No fewer than 15 children, with ages ranging from two to twelve, were found kept in a dehumanised condition at the centre located at new Angwan Kwamba in Suleja Local Government Area. The Almajiri, Islamic education pupils, were seen with wounds all over their bodies, a sign that they had undergone severe tortured from their master. Police raid Almajiri ‘torture centre’ in Niger, rescue 15 children Various objects used in torturing the children were discovered by the police who visited the house following complaints by people in the area. Confirming the raid, police spokesman ASP Wasiu Abiodun said a suspect, one Umar Ahmed, male, 46, was arrested on Saturday following credible information. According to Wasiu, police operatives attached to ‘A’ Division, Suleja, on receiving the information, ‘swung into action and promptly arrested one Umar Ahmed aged 46 years, ‘m’, of Anguwan Gwari Suleja, for keeping about fifteen (15) children in a dehumanising condition in the guise of Almajiri school. ‘The children, who are of ages ranging between 2 years and 10 years, were rescued from the suspect’s house, and three chains used to tie their legs were also recovered’, adding that the victims have been handed over to Niger State Child Right Agency while an investigation is ongoing with a view to arraign the suspect in court. Sun News The Kwara state police command Saturday intercepted a lorry loaded with about 200 suspected Almajiris around Kanbi/Oloru/Bode-Sadu axis of Moro local government area of the state. The lorry, with registration No. Kaduna MKA 54 XL, driven by one Shehu Hashim of Manigi in Niger state, was said to be conveying… May 9, 2020 In "News" Niger state - A glimpse has been provided into the world of Nigeria's child prisoners being held by the police.  Inside the dormitory of the Minna Remand Home in Niger state, not up to the size of a normal room, without mattresses and fans to reduce the effect of the… September 18, 2019 In "News" Police in Adamawa have rescued 15 persons in a raid on an illegal rehabilitation centre in Yola. Daily Trust quoted a source on Wednesday who said that two persons were arrested on suspicion of running the illegal facility. The latest arrests follow a clampdown on illegal Islamic rehabilitation centres in… October 23, 2019 In "News"