LAGOS (SundiataPost) – All Progressives Congress National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has commiserated with the Bishop of Sokoto Catholic Diocese, Dr. Matthew Hassan Kukah, over the recent passing of his mother, Madam Abashen Hauwa Kukah.In a condolence message by his Media Office, Asiwaju Tinubu described the late Madam Kukah as a deeply religious woman who lived a blessed life.The APC leader said: “My heartfelt sympathy and condolences to Bishop Kukah over the recent passing of his mother, Madam Abashen Hauwa Kukah, in her home in Kaduna.“Please be consoled by the memories of the time you shared together and the fact that Mama lived a blessed life. I understand she was a deeply religious person who devoted her time to the service of God and humanity.“Extend my commiserations to other members of the Kukah Family and all those Mama left behind. Our prayer is that Munificent God give you and all the family members strength to live without her. May He also grant Mama’s soul eternal rest.” By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governors Forum (NGF) has condoled with the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, over the passing of his mother, Janet Hauwa Kukah. Chairman of the forum, Simon Along, who is also Governor of Plateau, described her passing… July 11, 2020 In "News" …Urge Him to Take Solace in the Fact that late Mrs Goldcoast Dickson Lived Fulfilled Life By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former President, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan and former Vice President and frontline presidential aspirant for the ticket of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar have commiserated with… August 9, 2018 In "News" By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos - The APC National Leader, Sen. Bola Tinubu, on Monday commiserated with Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila over the death of his mother-in-law, Madam Mildred Bisalla. This was contained in a condolence message to Gbajabiamila, the Speaker, House of Representatives, in Lagos. Tinubu prayed that God Almighty would… April 13, 2020 In "News"