ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The new management of Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority has opened discussion with the United Nations Industrial Development Authority (UNIDO) to review the operations of export processing zones in the country to ensure compliance with international best practice. At a meeting attended by top management of the agency and representatives of UNIDO led by Shulammite Paul, NEPZA Managing Director, Professor Adesoji Adesugba said “the planned partnership is required to benchmark our operation as a regulator against the background of many challenges facing the FTZs and ahead of the heavy responsibilities on our agency under the African free trade regime”.“ÜNIDO has done a lot in the area of best practice in the operation of free trade zones. In fact, the agency issued major international guidelines on the operations of free trade zones applicable all over the world. We want to see where we are with a view to institute measures to energize the free trade zones”. “Our partnership is expected to be like a peer review. We are late and as such we must move extra fast to fix the FTZs. We need more factories to open shop and the existing ones to function at a maximum capacity. We must generate new jobs to engage our teeming youth and also boost our economy”, the MD said. Responding, the representative of UNIDO, Ms Shulammite Paul, expressed the delight of the agency to collaborate with NEPZA, informing the meeting that UNIDO has a lot to offer in the area of best practice within the FTZs.“This is a partnership we value and cherish. We urge the management to set machinery in motion to actualize the relationship”, she said.A standing committee was subsequently set up to finalise arrangements for the take off of the partnership. ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority, (NEPZA) in a bid to spike influx of both local and International investors to the 41 Free Trade Zones strategically located in the Country had sought partnership of the Nigeria Investment Promotion Commission, NIPC to expedite the process. Managing director of… July 7, 2020 In "Business" By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Senate Committee on Trade and Investment has asked the Nigeria Export Processing Zones Authority (NEPZA) to submit to it a position paper to guide its ongoing investigation against alleged planned illegal take-over of some key free zones by Onne Oil and Gas Free… May 29, 2020 In "News" By Our Reporter ABUJA (SundiataPost) - The Senate Committee on Trade, Industry and Investment has kicked against acclaimed interpretations given to Onne/Okpokri Oil and Gas Export Free Zone Authority (OGEFZA) Act 1996 that gave impetus to the agency’s current contemplation to take over some free trade zones managed by the… June 24, 2020 In "Business"