Paris   – The former Papal ambassador to France is to face trial on sexual assault charges in November, the Paris prosecutor’s office said on Thursday. The Vatican had lifted the diplomatic immunity of the then Papal Nuncio Luigi Ventura last year to allow French authorities to investigate allegations leveled against him. The envoy was in January 2019 accused repeatedly of touching a young male city official during a function at the Paris City Hall. Further men later came forward with similar allegations. In December, Pope Francis accepted Ventura’s resignation. The trial is due to start on Nov.10, the prosecutor’s office said. The Catholic Church has been in turmoil for years over worldwide reports of clerical sex abuse, and the Vatican has repeatedly pledged to tackle the issue with reforms. France’s most senior Catholic churchman, Cardinal Philippe Barbarin, resigned in March after an appeal court acquitted him of failing to report abuse allegations against a priest in his diocese. The priest in question was later jailed five years for repeated sexual assaults on boys throughout the 1980s, when he was chaplain to a scout group. The offences took place long before Barbarin was appointed archbishop. (dpa/NAN) Vatican City - Pope Francis on Tuesday announced sweeping changes to the way the Roman Catholic Church deals with cases of sexual abuse of minors, abolishing the rule of “pontifical secrecy” that previously covered them. Two documents issued by the pope back practices that have been in place in some… December 17, 2019 In "Foreign" VATICAN CITY - Archbishop Jozef  Wesolowski a former Vatican Ambassador to the Dominican Republic has been placed under house arrest over sexual abuse of children. Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said on Wednesday in Vatican City that Pope Francis had personally ordered swift action in the case. He said the 65-year… September 24, 2014 In "Foreign" Vatican City   -      A leading Roman Catholic cardinal and key adviser to Pope Francis called on Tuesday for the Vatican to “swiftly and decisively” adopt strict policies for cases of sexual abuse involving bishops and top clergy. Cardinal Sean O’Malley of Boston issued the appeal with the Church in the… July 25, 2018 In "Foreign"