Madagascar has placed its capital Antananarivo under a fresh lockdown following a new spike in coronavirus infections, two months after the restrictions were eased, the presidency announced on Sunday. This is coming two months after the restrictions were eased. “The Analamanga region (under which the capital is situated) is returning to full lockdown,” the presidency said in a statement. No traffic will be allowed in or out of the region starting Monday until July 20. A strict curfew will be imposed on street movement by people. “Only one person per household is allowed to go out into the street between 6:00 am (0400 GMT) and 12:00 pm (1000 GMT),” said the statement.The measures have been taken “because of the spread of the epidemic and the increase of COVID-19 cases,” it added. Used to registering dozens of coronavirus cases a day, Madagascar has in recent days seen an exponential rise in daily numbers, jumping to a record 216 cases on Saturday. The latest tally came after 675 people were tested. Nearly 24,000 tests have so far been conducted on the impoverished island. By Sunday the country had a cumulative 2,728 cases, including 29 deaths since the virus was first detected on the Indian ocean island on March 20. All government meetings will now be held via video conferencing, while court hearings have been suspended. In April, President Andry Rajoelina launched a local herbal concoction he claimed prevents and cures the novel coronavirus. Source Germany and the UK went into lockdown within a day of each other. Now, one month on, as Berlin begins to ease it itself out of its coronavirus lockdown, the UK remains in the grip of widespread restrictions that has brought the country to a near standstill. The difference in… April 24, 2020 In "Foreign" Dominic Raab read the riot act to Britons ahead of the sunny Easter weekend tonight saying lockdown must stay in force until the coronavirus outbreak peaks. The Foreign Secretary appealed to the public to keep following social distancing rules as he took the daily Downing Street briefing, insisting there will… April 9, 2020 In "Foreign" Pedestrians walk past a closed resteraunt in Le Touquet, northern France on March 15, 2020, as France battles the coronavirus that causes the COVID-19 disease. LUDOVIC MARIN / AFP France pressed on with local elections Sunday despite having closed bars and restaurants, as more nations imposed tight restrictions to try and… March 16, 2020 In "Top Stories"