Anita Haledu Dorowa, a 14-year-old resident of Angwan Dorowa, Gbuja village, Andaha, Akwanga Local Government Area of Nasarawa State has committed suicide. The deceased, an SS1 student of Government Science School, Andaha, is said to have drunk herbicide on Saturday 11th July, 2020 which resulted to her death. A source who pleaded anonymity told Prompt News that Anita got pregnant for her boyfriend, who is also a resident of Andaha, during the COVID-19 lockdown. According to the source, the father who later found out about the pregnancy, out of anger beat her up severely. The source revealed that on Saturday, neighbours came rushing to her room after they heard a loud cry, she was found struggling and holding her stomach while gasping for air. The teenager was rushed to the hospital moment later where it was discovered that she drank herbicide. All efforts by the hospital to save her life were futile as she died in the early hours of today, Tuesday, 14th July 2020. As at the time of writing this report, burial preparations have been made and Anita is being buried in her family residence in Angwan Dorowa, Gbuja village, Andaha. (Promptnewsonline) Talented Nigerian singer, Juliet Ita aka Mhiz Amber, has been found dead in the house she shared with her foreign lover in Calabar, Cross River State. However, family and friends have called for a thorough investigation as circumstances surrounding her death seem suspicious, according to media reports. The singer had… June 16, 2020 In "Style" A 23-year-old lady identified as Rejoice has committed suicide in the Mpape area of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, by drinking Sniper, a popular pesticide, a report by SaharaReporters has shown. The incident, which occurred on Saturday, threw the entire area into confusion as neighbours battled to save her life.… April 5, 2020 In "News" It was a marriage doomed from the beginning, and after 13 years, it culminated in a tragedy. Presently, the couple, who live in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, are gradually coming to terms with the fact that they have opened a Pandora’s box. It started with the husband’s deceit––hiding his… May 25, 2019 In "Relationship"