By Imelda Osayande Benin –   A Mobile Court in Uselu, Egor Local Government Area of Edo, on Saturday sentenced two traders and a driver to community service for displaying wares and parking vehicle in unauthorised places. The Chief Magistrate, Mr Mutairu Oare, handed down sentence after they had pleaded guilty. Oare directed the convicts to cut grass at the unused Government House gate on Golf Road, GRA, Benin, for one hour for three days. He, however, gave the traders, Francis Nwatu and Emmanuel Lele, an option of N3,000 fine each and the driver, Monday Imaduvbanyi, an option of N10,000 fine. The chief magistrate ordered that the vehicle be impounded until the driver served the sentence. He directed that the correctional centre in Benin should supervise the convicts to serve out their punishment if they failed to pay the prescribed fines Oare held that the sentence was meted out in compliance with the Edo Government’s non-custodial regulation. Earlier, the Prosecuting Counsel, Mrs Patience Ehigiamusoe, told the court that they were apprehended at Ugbowo and Usele axis of the local government area while commiting the offence on Saturday. She urged the court to summarily try and sentence the traders and the driver. (NAN) by Zainab Oyekan Jos - A Chief Magistrates’ Court sitting in Abattoir in Jos on Thursday sentenced two traders to one year in prison each for dishonestly parading themselves as policemen and stealing valuables on the Abuja-Jos road. Magistrate Hanatu Gokwa, sentenced Festus Friday,28, and Zara Musa,24, after they pleaded… June 20, 2019 In "Metro" Benin -  A 49-year-old man, Daniel Ibrahim, was on Tuesday sentenced to 10 months imprisonment by an Evbouriaria Magistrates' Court in Benin, for parading himself as a policeman. The prosecutor, Sgt. Olatoye Oluwaseun, told the court that the convict committed the crime on April 2, at about 8:00 am at… May 17, 2016 In "Metro" Benin    -      An Oredo Magistrates’ Court in Benin, Edo on Wednesday sentenced one Endurance Ebose, 40, to 13 months imprisonment for stealing recharge cards worth N20, 000 and cash of N25,000. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that the convict was arraigned along with Rita Ebose, 30, on two-count… July 4, 2018 In "Metro"