Regina Daniels is currently trending on social media after a video of her pushing her house help into swimming out of anger surfaced online. In the video, Regina Daniels who was pregnant at the time engaged in a brief argument with the said lady called Sandra. The two it appears could not reach an agreement on the issue and out of anger, Regina Daniels gave Sandra a slight push. But they were too close to the swimming pool and Sandra ended up filling into the swimming pool. But Regina was very remorseful for her actions and immediately rendered an apology to the house help and even called for clean towels for her. Reacting to the incident, Regina Daniels said it was because of her pregnancy hormones. She revealed she always got angry at the slightest issue especially when things did not go her way. But she knew it was because of the pregnancy Watch the video below Regina Daniels pushes house help into a swimming pool during argument; Blames it on me pregnancy hormones A post shared by  Ghpage TV (@ghpage_tv) on Jul 25, 2020 at 12:27pm PDT Ghpage Young Nollywood star, Regina Daniels, is enjoying all the glitz associated with befriending billionaire businessman and politician Ned Nwoko. The last few days saw Regina making numerous public appearances with Nwoko. The secret marriage of the love birds is no longer looking like one of the tales from Nollywood, writes Ferdinand… June 5, 2019 In "Metro" Senator-elect for Delta North Senatorial District, Prince Ned Nwoko married all of his six wives as virgins, Regina Daniels being the newest of his wives, Frontline News Online has been told. According to sources close to the former member of the House of Representatives, he places chastity high on his… May 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" Actress Regina Daniels has told her haters to hide their faces as she professes love to her husband.  Regina Daniels has professed love to her husband After disturbing photos of Nollywood actress, Regina Daniels surfaced online some days ago showing her lean, the actress has finally addressed the issue and that… July 31, 2019 In "Entertainment"