By KAYODE OYERO  The Nigerian Air Force on Sunday revealed the identity of the driver of the car that hit the late Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile. NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Ibikunle Daramola, made this known at a just-ended briefing in Abuja. Daramola gave the name of Arotile’s ex-classmate who drove the vehicle that hit Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot as “Mr Nehemiah Adejoh”. The NAF spokesperson also said the matter would be handed over to the Nigeria Police Force being a civil case. He said the details of the circumstances surrounding the death of the 24-year-old pilot have been communicated to her bereaved family. Giving a report of a preliminary investigation carried out, the NAF spokesperson said the late Arotile met three of her former schoolmates at the Air Force Secondary School now Air Force Comprehensive School, Kaduna on the day of the unfortunate incident. He said, “Mr Nehemiah Adejoh, Mr Igbekele Folorunsho and Mr Festus Gbayegun, drove past her in a Kia Sorento SUV, with Registration Number AZ 478 MKA. It is noteworthy that Messrs Adejoh, Folorunsho and Gbayegun are all civilians who live outside NAF Base Kaduna, but were on their way to visit one Mrs Chioma Ugwu, wife of Squadron Leader Chukwuemeka Ugwu, who lives at Ekagbo Quarters on the Base. “Upon recognising their schoolmate, Arotile, after passing her, Mr Adejoh, who was driving, reversed the vehicle, ostensibly in an attempt to quickly meet up with the Deceased, who was walking in the opposite direction. In the process, the vehicle struck Flying Officer Arotile from the rear, knocking her down with significant force and causing her to hit her head on the pavement. The vehicle then ran over parts of her body as it veered off the road beyond the kerb and onto the pavement, causing her further injuries.” Daramola said Arotile was rushed to NAF hospital in the base but was confirmed dead at 04:45pm. He explained that the three ex-classmates were immediately detained and subjected to alcohol test but no such substance was found in their systems. “It was however discovered that the driver of the vehicle, Mr Nehemiah Adejo, did not have a valid driver’s license. “Being a civil case, the matter will be handed over to the Nigeria Police with a view to further investigating and charging the suspects to court in accordance with extant laws,” he added. (Sunday PUNCH) Source ABUJA - More details have emerged about the death of Nigeria’s first female combat pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, who died at the Nigerian Air Force Base in Kaduna State on Tuesday. The 24-year-old was said to have been hit by a car driven by a former classmate who wanted… July 15, 2020 In "News" •The late Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile ABUJA - The Nigerian Air Force on Friday stated that it was investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of its Flying Officer, Tolulope Arotile, in a road accident, adding that two persons were being held. The NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Air… July 18, 2020 In "News" The Nigerian Air Force has lost its first female combat helicopter pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile. She died in an auto crash on Tuesday. The young officer was killed by a reversing car inside the Air Force base in Kaduna. The car was driven by her old schoolmate. The deceased… July 16, 2020 In "News"