Kumasi based rapper by name Oseikrom Sikani has contended the viability of formal education in today’s society and called it a scam. The affluent young rapper in an interview with Ghpage’s seasoned entertainment journalist Rashad at his lavish 12 bedroom house explained that the whole idea of going to school and finding a well-paying job afterward is obsolete. According to him, formal education is not to propel people to success but to help them to learn to read, write, and mingle with people from different backgrounds. The 25-year-old musician also boasts of luxurious vehicles including a Range Rover, a Benz, and a fancy bike. Furthermore, the rapper opined that his statement coupled with his usual rants on social media about education being a scam is in no way suggesting that the youth should drop out of school. However, he is only championing an awakening of the youth to the fact that school does not guarantee success. Osikani mentioned that most of his brilliant mates from school are stuck home jobless because of the nepotism in the system. WATCH VIDEO BELOW: He advised the youth to venture into business and work for themselves rather than wait on employment that will never come. Ghpage It is time to stop pretending! A worse advice to give to any child in Nigeria today is to give that ages-long advice that: “go to school (that is, higher institutions of learning), get good grades, so that you can get a good job.” Although this advice is originally defective,… April 10, 2019 In "Opinion" VENTURES AFRICA – Inspirational books and blogs are perverse with stories about successful people that were school dropouts. From Bill Gates to Steve Jobs, many writers and speakers have sought to use successful “drop out’ entrepreneurs as proof of the unimportance of school. One of the latest examples of their… February 28, 2015 In "Business" Jalingo- The Taraba Volunteer Group, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), on Saturday, urged the state’s Governor-elect, Mr Darius Ishaku, to declare state of emergency on education as soon as he assumes office. The Coordinator of the group, Mr Terence Joseph, who disclosed this at a press conference in Jalingo, said the… May 2, 2015 In "News"