A federal judge has revealed on Tuesday United States government decision to cancel its controversial plan to revoke foreign student visas whose courses move online due to coronavirus. The universities of Harvard and MIT, with the support of a number of other institutions, had taken legal action against the move that US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) announced on July 6. “The government has agreed to rescind” the decision as well as any implementation of the directive, Judge Allison Burroughs said in a brief hearing. Harvard and MIT earlier this month had asked the court to block the order announced by ICE that students must leave the country if their classes are only online, or transfer to a school offering in-person tuition. The measure was seen as a move by President Donald Trump administration to put pressure on educational institutions that are adopting a cautious approach to reopening amid the global COVID-19 pandemic. The universities say in their lawsuit that the order would harm students “immensely,” both personally and financially. There were more than one million international students in the US for the 2018-19 academic year, according to the Institute of International Education (IIE). Source Harvard and MIT asked a court Wednesday to block an order by President Donald Trump’s administration threatening the visas of foreign students whose entire courses have moved online because of the coronavirus pandemic. The universities’ lawsuit was in response to an announcement Monday by the US Immigration and Custom Enforcement… July 8, 2020 In "News" By Harrison Arubu New York - The U.S. Government says foreign students will not be allowed to remain in the country if their institutions move classes fully online. In a statement on Monday, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said affected students would face “immigration consequences”, including deportation, if… July 7, 2020 In "Foreign" There is little doubt that unlike in some other states, education policy makers, executors and managers in Oyo State worked very hard to be in a state of preparedness for the anticipated reopening of schools closed in March 2020 across the nation due to the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic. It is,… July 14, 2020 In "Opinion"