By Doris Esa ABUJA – The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has officially handed the three suspects involved in the incident that led to the death of late Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, over to the Nigerian Police. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF’s Director of Public Relations and Information, who made this known in a statement in Abuja on Friday. Daramola stated that the suspects – Mr Nehemiah Adejoh, Mr Igbekele Folorunsho and Mr Festus Gbayegun – were handed over to the Police at NAF Base in on Friday. Late Arotile was the first ever female combat helicopter pilot in the NAF. He said that Group Capt. Hadi Ahmed, the Commander 453 Base Services Group (453 BSG), during the handover recalled how an SUV vehicle driven by Adejoh, with the two others as passengers knocked down Arotile. Ahmed was also quoted as saying that the vehicle knocked down Arotile when she was walking along Air Marshal Ibrahim Alfa Road in the NAF Base Kaduna, leading to her eventual death. He said that NAF would continue to cooperate with the Nigeria Police and provide all necessary support to enable it carry forward the case to its logical conclusion. It would be recalled that NAF, during a news conference on July 19 gave details of the outcome of its preliminary investigations. It had informed Nigerians that the three persons involved in the accident would be handed over to the Nigerian Police for further investigation and possible prosecution in line with extant laws. (NAN)  February 1, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday gave a matching order to the Coordinating Minister of the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala; the Governor Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr. Godwin Emiefule and the Nigeria National Petroleum Cooperation (NNPC) to ensure an end to the fuel… March 4, 2015 In "News" Beijing -  China and the United States have made plans for face-to-face consultations over trade in January, the Chinese commerce ministry said on Thursday. The announcement came as the world’s two biggest economies advanced efforts to resolve a month-long trade war. Consultations through “intensive” telephone calls will continue in the… December 27, 2018 In "Foreign"