Nollywood actress, Tonto Dikeh has stated her own side of the story following reports that she was arrested in Dubai and deported after drugs were found on her. The mother of one stated that such never happened because she was only involved in a scuffle with security authorities. Tonto Dikeh revealed that the scuffle occurred after one of the guards called her a prostitute in Arabic. ”That incident in Dubai was not drugs because if it was I would be in jail. It had nothing to do with drugs or alcohol even. “On that day, I was insulted by one of the guards. He said something very derogatory to me in Arabic, I think Lebanon. It’s called Sharamuta which means prostitute, it means a call girl and I was not so dressed. “But it was a show, so I had like a very amazing bra inside and this blazer on top. To them, it is Haram when you are not dressed properly. So that is where all of the altercation started. That was the only problem, any other information is just false,” Tonto said. According to her, she did not give details about the incident earlier because she has a home in the country and would not want to jeopardise her stay there. “I really don’t want to go into so much detail about Dubai because I have a home there now and I want to be able to enter freely after all of this and that is why I never really talked about it,” the actress added. Source •Nollywood actresses Nollywood is undoubtedly the home of some of the most attractive female actresses. These damsels aren’t just good role interpreters, they are also beautiful and don’t hesitate to flaunt their sex appeal on social media. In no particular order, OLAJIDE SAMUEL takes a look at the sexiest Nollywood… December 29, 2019 In "Entertainment" Since body enhancement became a serious business in the society, Nigerian celebrities have invested in it in order to look better. Here is a list of celebrities who had plastic surgery as compiled by PM News: Bobrisky 1. Bobrisky Self-acclaimed Nigerian male barbie Bobrisky aka baddest has not been quiet about having plastic… December 13, 2019 In "Entertainment" Dubai = Tonto Dikeh shuts down reports of being arrested and deported from Dubai following an altercation on Friday night at a hotel.According to reports, the controversial actress reportedly engaged in a fight with a security guard and the issue escalated, hence was whisked away to an unknown location.Tonto Dikeh… November 17, 2019 In "Entertainment"