Kanye West is tweeting again and this time, he’s saying some shocking things about his family, Michael Jackson, and other people. He said he’s been trying to divorce Kim Kardashian for years now. He said he began considering the divorce after Kim met Meek Mill at a hotel for prison reform – which was over two years ago. He further stated that he has no problem with Meek Mill but that Kim was “out of line”. The rapper referred to his mother-in-law as “Kris Jong-Un”. He also accused his wife Kim Kardashian and her mum of putting out a statement about his behavior without his approval. He further accused the Kardashians of “white supremacy” and said Kim and her mother brought two doctors to “51/50” him. 51/50 is a provision in the Welfare and Institutions Code that allows a person with a mental illness to be involuntarily detained in a psychiatric hospital for up to 72 hours. Kim Kardashian and her mother had tried to intervene when Kanye began sharing some troubling tweets at the beginning of this week but, apparently, he didn’t appreciate it, hence the tweet. In the recent tweets, Kanye went on to say that he knows they may not let him see his children till they turn 18. He also took a dig at Kris by asking her to get back to him when she’s done organizing her children’s “Playboy” shoot. He shared screenshots of his message with Kris Jenner. In the message, he asked if she’s ready to talk to him or “go to war”. In his tweets, he also said that Lil Baby is his favorite rapper but has refused to do a song with him. He also called himself the future president. He further alleged that Michael Jackson was murdered. He wrote: “MJ told you about Tommy before they killed him. Kim saved my daughters life in the name of Jesus It’s Gods choice only I will live for my children. Kris I’m in Cody if your not planning another one of your children’s playboy shoots.” Kanye’s troubling tweets began after his first presidential rally which held over the weekend. During the rally, he broke down in tears and said he saved his daughter North West from being aborted. Source Rapper, Kanye West went off on a Twitter rant on Monday July 20, calling out his wife Kim Kardashian and mother-in-law, Kris Jenner. In series of tweets he shared, the rapper accused Kim and Jenner of trying to lock him up. He also compared his life to the movie Get… July 21, 2020 In "Foreign" Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are planning the biggest wedding in Paris this summer and a whooping 30 million dollars is their budget! Wow, not too bad but if the reality star is making sure this marriage is way over the top, why is Kanye not speeding up on their… February 1, 2014 In "Foreign" By Collins Yakubu-Hammer Abuja - American celebrity couple, Kanye West and Kim Kardashian has helped Paul Algarin, a North Carolina man recently released from prison remove his face tattoo. This gesture came after it was revealed Kim Kardashian had reportedly helped free as many as 17 inmates by secretly funding… May 9, 2019 In "Entertainment"