The July 20 All Progressives Congress (APC) Ondo Governorship Primary will be conducted through indirect mode, Chairman of the Election Committee and Kogi Governor of Kogi State, Yahaya Bello has declared. He disclosed this to newsmen at the National Secretariat in Abuja shortly after his committee was inaugurated by National Chairman of the Caretaker Committee, Governor Mai Mala Buni. Bello said: “On the issue of the mode of primary, this has been settled by the previous NWC and ratified by NEC, which gives the opportunity to the state executive committee to chose the mode of primary that they would want. This has been settled. “The Ondo Primary election would be conducted via indirect mode. This was the option choosen by the Ondo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and ratified by the National Executive Committee (NEC) of our great party in the last meeting. So, we are going for indirect primary.” Eleven of the 12 aspirants have kicked against indirect primary, insisting it confers undue advantage on Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, who is seeking reelection. Details shortly… By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The adopted Mode of primaries by the All Progressives Congress may further split the party members in some state as governor of Imo state,  Rochas Okorocha, Senator Magnus Abe and other stakeholders kicked against the decision of the party national working committee.   … September 26, 2018 In "Top Stories" Eleven All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship aspirants on Friday sent a formal letter to the party’s Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee (CEONCPC) rejecting the indirect mode of primary election on July 20. Only Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, who is seeking re-election, did not append his signature on the formal letter submitted… July 10, 2020 In "Politics" The Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee (CEONCPC) ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has settled for in-direct mode of primary for the Ondo State Governorship Primary slated for July 20. Screening of the 12 aspirants also began at an undisclosed hotel in Utako suburb area of the Federal Capital, Abuja on… July 8, 2020 In "Politics"