Veteran Nigerian actor, Kayode Olasehinde, aka Pa James has been left thinking seriously about his life after water flooded his house. The house it was gathered got flooded after heavy rainfall in Lagos. The rain forced a canal to overflow thereby releasing its content into the property of the actor which has become a regular occurrence. Crying out on behalf of his dad, Samuel Ajirebi, wondered if there’s a government in Nigeria. “Seriously sad right now, I get to think at times that, are we sure we have a government in this country? “Look at what I met on going to visit my family today, a flooded house due to the overflowing canal behind our street. “To make matters worse, no one was at home save my dad, so the old man and I had to be saving properties and scooping water out of the house! “This year makes it ten years of the repeated and consistent occurrence of this with severe damages done annually to properties, at times leading to temporary displacement! Pa James “Letters have been written, appearances made, press releases written, still no significant step was taken by the government to channel the overrunning canal.“We need governmental intervention in Oke Isagun Community of Oke Odo LGA. ‘’We lose properties! We lose rest whenever we see rain signs! Tonight is going to be a partial prayer moment for families because it must not rain tonight…. No house for us to sleep in anymore! “This is sad and heartbreaking”. Source The house of veteran actor, Ajirebi Kayode Olasehinde, popularly known as Pa James of Papa Ajasco television series was affected by flood that occurred in Lagos State after the heavy downpour of Sunday. His son, Samuel Ajirebi, who confirmed the sad development, shared some pictures and videos showing the terrible… May 22, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Three people have been reported dead and more than five hundred persons displaced in Bosso and Chanchaga local government council of Niger State in an early morning flood after heavy downpour. The rain, which began at about 4am on Saturday morning destroyed and submerged buildings and… August 18, 2019 In "News" Theresa James, seven-year-old girl died in a Friday morning flood, following a heavy downpour on the Anguwar Yelwa Community in the Chikun local government area of Kaduna State. The flood also destroyed parts of the Anguwar Yelwa Sabo bridge cutting away some parts of the community from the metropolis. Eyewitnesses… August 22, 2014 In "News"