Nigerians have reprimanded Nollywood Actress, Anita Joseph for rebuking Ghanaian actress, Rosemond Alade Brown, aka Akuapem Poloo who yesterday shared an unclad photo with her 7 year-old son. Anita had taken to social media to condemn Poloo’s action and asked her to go for proper psychological evaluation. Her advice didn’t go down well with Nigerians who believe she does not have the moral leverage to criticize Poloo as she does worst things than the Ghanaian actress. See some reactions from her instagram comment section: My likeness for you vanished the moment you posted this … what do you post on married women who goes naked or half naked on social media  it’s her son so she does whatever she likes with him being wrong or good. Madam, you failed this one by walking into people’s privacy, I use to respect you but you don fuck up las las. It’s none of your business and like you have always been saying, everyone should stay on there lane. Nah your nakedness or your pickin. Nne “ aru emeghi” mind ur business is her son not urs okay aproco Honestly I think you goofed big time by reposting this. Is that supposed to fetch you some attention you haven’t gained in a while? Smh Madam get out your not any better Who is kettle to call pot black?anita dont u knw ur own is worst dan hers…..u dat exposes u hubby’s meal (ur body) on soial media,gbara oto n’ onwe ya.remove d peck from ur eyes 1st b4 u remove from others.@anitajoseph8 Source An actress, Rosemond Alade Brown, popularly known as Akuapem Poloo has shocked fans after posting a naked photo in a squatting position with her son on his seventh birthday. The son was also semi clad. However, the photo has attracted attention from social media users. Akuapem Poloo while sharing the… June 30, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" Nollywood actress, Anita Joseph, recently put some trolls on blast after they took to her comment section to make fun of her makeup-free face in a video she shared online. Living in the spotlight comes with a lot of perks but as it is, there are downsides to it. One… December 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" •Nollywood actresses Nollywood is undoubtedly the home of some of the most attractive female actresses. These damsels aren’t just good role interpreters, they are also beautiful and don’t hesitate to flaunt their sex appeal on social media. In no particular order, OLAJIDE SAMUEL takes a look at the sexiest Nollywood… December 29, 2019 In "Entertainment"