By EGUFE YAFUGBORHI Human rights defender, Prince Wiro, on Wednesday charged the Police Command in Rivers State to investigate and prosecute its personnel accused of raping a woman for breach of COVID-19 protocol. The victim, a 32-year-old widow, said a policeman attached to the Sakpenwa Police Division, Tai Local Government Area, allegedly abducted her Tuesday to a guest house where he raped her at gunpoint after arresting her for not wearing a nose mask. She narrated: “I was returning from Bori to Port Harcourt when I met some police officers at a checkpoint. They arrested me for not wearing a nose mask. They kept me long there with them. “Thereafter they carried me from one place to the other, claiming they want to take me to the police station, but never took me to any police station. “After some time, they took me to a guest house where one of them raped me till dawn. His name is Inspector Peter Iba of Sakpenwa Police Station.” Prince Wiro, in response to the allegations, demanded the Police Command in the state to, “Open immediate investigation into the alleged rape of this woman by a serving officer. “There is no justification for the punishment of rape to be meted out to a woman because she flouted Rivers State Government order on the use of nose masks. I expect the police to take this matter seriously. “You know there’s a recent order from the Inspector General of Police charging every Command to do everything possible to make rape a thing of the past in the society.” The victim had on the spur-of-the-moment on Tuesday raised alarm in a text message posted on a WhatsApp media platform where she lamented, “I have been taken to a guess house just because of N100 face mask. “I can’t believe this is happening to me. He wants to sleep with me. I am dying. He wouldn’t let me pick any call. He threatened to seize my phone.” The Police Command in the state reacting to the allegation through the Police Public Relations Officer, Rivers Command, Nnamdi Omoni, said: “After hearing about this, we immediately invited the lady. After hearing from her, she made a written statement and Investigation has commenced.” (Vanguard) Friends are still wondering why, Orluebube Igwe, a suspect currently detained by the Homicide Unit of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Police Command, raped and killed 33 year old trader, Onyinye Gift only four days after she took him into her home. Gift, according to people who knew her has… March 15, 2019 In "News" IBADAN — A 23-year-old National Diploma, ND, student of Mass Communication Department, Ibarapa Polytechnic, yesterday, narrated how she was raped under a tree by one of the security men attached to Operation Burst set up by Governor Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State to check criminality in the state. The incident… September 9, 2014 In "News" A 19-year-old girl has recounted how her ex-boyfriend, identified as Kingsley, and his friends gang-raped her and also recorded the act. The incident occurred when she visited Kingsley’s wife, who recently delivered a newborn baby. But it tuned out that she had walked into a trap, which not only resulted… June 8, 2014 In "News"