By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Federal lawmaker representing Cross River South Senatorial district at the red chamber Senator Gershom Bassey has commended the Governor Ben Ayade for his proactive method in the fight against and prevention of COVID-19 in the state. Senator Gershom who is also the Chairman Senate committee on Federal Roads Maintenance Agency (FERMA) reminded that Cross River was the first state in the federation to talk about wearing of mask and mass-production of mask and social distancing. The Senator who stressed to Nigerians that COVID-19 is read and that they should keep all the protocols and guidelines of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), stated this in an interview with newsmen in Abuja. According to the Senator, “I remember Cross River was the first state to talk of wearing of mask and mass production of mask. I know they were the first to talk about issue of social distancing. Even before NCDC came to our state the mask were already being worn. Even before lockdown, the Ayade-led government had already locked down the state to ensure the protection of lives of citizens of the state. In fact, I think the governor himself manned some of the borders with his commissioners to enforce compliance. “So, Cross State government was very proactive in its fight against Covid-19. The only controversy was the issue of testing and the Governor had encouraged more testing, but of course you cannot test if you don’t have the test equipment, so to the best of their ability they tried to prevent the entrance of COVID-19 and to act in a responsible way in the state” he said. The Senator said now that testing has started and have gotten the right equipment and sorted out the right protocols, it is only natural that we begin to see cases of COVID-19 and of course the borders have been opened. “But having cases of COVID -19 is not really an issue, because I don’t believe there is any price for being COVID-19 free. Covid-19 is everywhere in the world, so there is no problem with that. What is particularly encouraging is the government response to facet of the COVID-19 onslaught. “We have seen it in other countries where they have successfully managed the covid-19 and where some have irresponsibly managed the pandemic and the devastated effect. So by and large, I believe the Cross River State government has been very responsible in managing the pandemic and they deserve commendation. To my mind and in my assessment, the actions of the government of Cross River State led by the Governor Ayade have been very proactive in the response to the Coronavirus” Bassey said. •Prof Ben Ayade, Governor of Cross River State From a historical lens, the infection-free record of Cross River State may be understandable. The state qualifies to be given the benefit of doubt for certain reasons. First, the governor, Prof. Ben Ayade appears to be operating from a point of view… May 27, 2020 In "Opinion" By Emmanuella Anokam Abuja - The Federal Government has decried the continued violation of the new guidelines set up as part of measures to check the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic in the country. Mr Adeniyi Adebayo, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, on Wednesday in Abuja, frowned at the… May 6, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA - Seventy-six Nigerians died of COVID-19 in the last week, data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) have shown. Also, 273 patients died of the disease in the country between May 20 and June 18, 2020. By the close of work on Friday, 12 June 2020, the… June 20, 2020 In "News"