A federal High Court sitting in Lagos on Thursday quashed its order, which temporarily forfeited to the Federal Government two houses in Ilorin, the Kwara State capital, belonging to former Senate President Bukola Saraki. Justice Rilwan Aikawa, who released the houses to Saraki, said he was not satisfied with the claims of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on the origin of the properties. The judge said he found insufficient basis in the EFCC application and could not “find my way through” to grant the permanent forfeiture order. Aikawa, last December, granted an order for the interim forfeiture of the houses – Plots 10 and 11 Abdulkadir Road, GRA, Ilorin, Kwara State – following the EFCC’s ex parte application. The anti-graft agency had claimed that Saraki acquired the properties with proceeds of “monumental fraud perpetrated in the treasury of the Kwara State government between 2003 and 2011” when he was governor. The EFCC had prayed the court to convert the temporary forfeiture order to a permanent one. But the former lawmaker resisted the application and contented, among others, that the EFCC’s lawsuit was malicious. Saraki’s counsel, Kehinde Ogunwumiju (SAN), also described the EFCC suit as an abuse of court process and an attempt to scandalise him. He argued that it was a ploy by the EFCC to review the July 6, 2018 decision of the Supreme Court “discharging the applicant from culpability arising from the same money and houses which are the subject matter of this action”. The Nation The Federal High Court in Lagos on Thursday reversed its order forfeiting to the Federal Government two houses in Ilorin belonging to a former Senate President, Bukola Saraki. The court, in a judgment by Justice Rilwan Aikawa, released the houses back to Saraki, while delivering judgment on an application by… July 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Federal High Court in Lagos on Thursday ordered the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission to return houses belonging to former Senate President, Bukola Saraki it seized. The court, in a judgment by Justice Rilwan Aikawa, released the houses back to Saraki, while delivering judgment on an application by the… July 17, 2020 In "Politics" Immediate past Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, on Friday described the Asset forfeiture suit filed against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) as a case already decided by the Supreme Court. Saraki, in a statement by his spokesman, Yusuph Olaniyonu, in Abuja, accused the anti-graft agency of… February 28, 2020 In "News"