By Aderogba George New-Karu (Nasarawa) –   The Fatherless and Motherless Children Aid Orphanage (FACADO), New-Karu, Nasarawa State, has advocated dehumanising punishment for anyone who indulges in rape. The Founder and Executive Director of FACADO, Amb. Ngozi-Anih George, made the call at a news conference on Thursday in New-Karu. George said that such perpetrator should be made to walk naked on the street to serve as a deterrent to others who may have similar tendencies. The director noted with concern that cases of rape and incest were gradually growing in the society. She advocated for a blacklisting register in the 774 local governments in the country, where every rapist or anyone found in incestuous activities would be listed. “Rape can be induced by so many factors among which are spiritual, ritual and psychological factor. “Women should stop dying in silence covering the men molesting their daughters because of materialism, be it your husband or your brother. “Parents must always be watchful of their environment and guide against this evil, security of the girl child is crucial at this moment. “Public education must be intensified to enable the girls know the dangers facing the female folk,” she said. According to her, precautionary measures should be taught to the girl child to take, such as reporting every sexual advances made to her early enough, proper dressing, and not wearing sexually provocative dresses. “Also, the girl child must be taught to avoid privacy with the opposite sex, relationship boundaries must also be set,” she said. She called on government, lawmakers, law enforcement agencies, civil society groups and the court to play their parts by taking issues of rape serious and ensuring it becomes a thing of the past. Mrs Ngozi-Rowland Onuegwunwoke, the Convener of Business Mind Foundation, in her goodwill message, said that her organisation was playing its role by encouraging women to start their own businesses. According to her, her foundation has connected many women with skill acquisition and entrepreneurs to get capital and finance their business in whatever form. “When parents are empowered, rape will be limited in the society, if parents are providing enough for their family, a mother will not send her female child to hawk where this evil act always start. “Mothers have the primary responsibility of paying attention to their children, we must not neglect our children in the name of protecting our career. “Men must take up their responsibility too by catering for the family, this will ensure the girl child is not exposed to dirty activities,” Onuegwunwoke stressed. (NAN) Just when one thought the issue of rape is becoming a fading crime of yesteryears, several back to back cases witnessed in the past few weeks prove that we may have been in a hurry to make that assertion. To many, the COVID-19 pandemic must have revealed a lot of… June 8, 2020 In "Opinion" Eket (Akwa Ibom) - Chief Ndueso Essien, a former Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development, has said that abandonment of societal values contributed much to increased rape cases. Essien made the attribution on Friday when some women protested rape and domestic violence in Eket Local Government Area of Akwa… June 19, 2020 In "Opinion" Enugu- Participants at a one-day stakeholders summit on Violence Against Persons Prohibition (VAPP) Bill on Tuesday advocated a jail term without option of fine for convicted rapists in Enugu State. This was part of the resolutions of the summit organised by the Women’s Aid Collective (WACOL), a non-governmental organisation in… December 3, 2014 In "Health"