Father of Regina Daniels, Jude Ojegwu, has explained that he decided to reconcile with Ned Nwoko, his daughter’s billionaire husband following the birth of his grandson. Recall that Regina Daniels gave birth to a baby boy two weeks ago. Barrister Ojegwu, who was reported to have staunchly opposed the marriage of his 20-year old daughter to the business mogul and politician, told journalists during the baby’s naming ceremony, held in Abuja, Friday evening that the birth of the baby made him reconcile with Nwoko, for the sake of peace, joy, and happiness. At the ceremony where the child was named Munir, Ojegwu insisted that the birth of his grandson, made him put everything behind him with his in-law. Hear him: “The birth of this child has answered the question (about the controversy); everybody craves for peace, joy, and happiness. I have accepted everything. “I feel very happy having a grandchild and that is why I am here. I travelled all the way from Lagos to this place just to celebrate with the family. I told him (Nwoko) and the mother to call him Ifechukwude which means what God has written.” Speaking also at the event, Nwoko said even with the birth of his son from Regina Daniels, he was yet to meet his target in child-bearing. He said at the appropriate time, the target would be known. Nwoko who said he would father more children according to Islamic faith said he married the actress because she is peaceful, loving, disciplined, and homely. “My little boy is bearing my middle name, Munir. It means light. It is an Islamic name and I am a Muslim. I am still very young, I have my target when it comes to child-bearing and I have not reached my target yet. God speaks through man. So when the time comes, you will know. Regina is a lovely woman, patient, easy-going, homely, disciplined, and peaceful”, he said. The event attracted many Nollywood stars, among who were veteran Segun Arinze, Oge Okoye, and Francis Duru. Vanguard Nollywood actress Regina Daniels and billionaire businessman, Ned Nwoko have welcomed their first child together, a baby boy. The news was made public by her elder brother, @sweeezzy1, just two days after her friends and family threw her a baby shower. Sharing the goodnews, he wrote: “OFFICIALLY AN UNCLE YOU… June 29, 2020 In "Entertainment" It’s extremely painful to see Ned Nwoko, my senior neighbour get married to my 17 year old daughter today - Regina Daniels' father weeps in a phone conversation with a journalist. Some excerpts from an exclusive interview between Barrister Jude Ojeogwo who is the biological father of actress Regina Daniels… May 29, 2019 In "News" Billionaire husband of actress Regina Daniel, Ned Nwoko has promised to be beside Regina Daniels when she goes into labour in the coming weeks. According to the billionaire in a live interview via social media, all his children where born in London and he was in the labour room to… June 15, 2020 In "Entertainment"