Kuala Lumpur  – Malaysia has been named the Asian Champions League’s centralised hub in East Asia, the continent’s football governing body said on Monday. The matches in the region are now due to restart in October. Asia’s elite club competition was suspended in early March because of the COVID-19 pandemic and will resume in West Asia hub Qatar on Sept. 14. Malaysia will host Group G and Group H matches from Oct. 17 to Nov. 1 and a semi-final on Nov. 28. It will also host the last 16 stage games from the two groups on Nov. 4 and two quarter-finals on Nov. 25. Teams from China, Australia, South Korea, Japan and Malaysia will play in the East Asia regional hub. Teams from Qatar, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran and Uzbekistan will play in the West Asia hub. The centralised venue for Groups E and F and the remaining knockout stage matches have not yet been confirmed. The AFC had said this month that group games would be played in full in a round-robin format. It added that the knockout rounds will be reduced to single games from the usual two-legged tie format. The finals, pitting the best teams from each region, will be held on Dec. 5 in the Western hub. (Reuters/NAN) By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin - The Federation of International Football Associations (FIFA) has confirmed the match schedule for the 2022 FiFA World Cup in Qatar. A statement on the world football governing body’s website said that the host, Qatar would kick off the 2022 tournament at Al Bayt Stadium. ”Al… July 15, 2020 In "Sports" Hong Kong   -     Coach Felix Sanchez is confident the Qatar national football players will gain enough experience in the lead-up to the showpiece event to not get overawed at their first finals appearance. Qatar will take a huge stride into the unknown when they host the World… February 6, 2018 In "Sports" Fans trooped into the Maracana Stadium in Brazil in the colours of the teams they were supporting to lift the diadem. Argentine fans were huge in number. They are Brazilian neighbours and that was expected. But their soccer rivalry with Brazil is such that Brazilians rooted for Germany and reduced… July 15, 2014 In "Sports"