By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  House of Representatives, on Thursday, took a decision to drag Mr. Godswill Akpabio before a Court of law, for making indicting comment against it. Sundiata Post recalls that Senator Godwill Akpabio on Monday indicted the House of Representatives of having benefited 60 percent of the contracts from the  Ministry of Niger Delta. While appearing before the House Committee on Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) probing the alleged financial recklessness on Monday, Akpabio had told the Committee that about 60% of total contracts at the NDDC were awarded to Members of the National Assembly. Irked by the comment, the Lawmakers passed a resolution the next day, giving Akpabio 48 hours to make public, the names and details of such lawmakers who were beneficiaries of the contacts. At the expiration of the 48-hour ultimatum, Speaker of the House, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, in his opening speech at the plenary, ordered that the Minister be sued for making such “indicting” comment, which he has failed to substantiate. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has given the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio, 48 hours to name the lawmakers who received contracts from the Niger Delta Development Commission. Akpabio had said before a House committee on Monday said that 60 per cent of the… July 21, 2020 In "News" The Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio, today July 20, disclosed that most of the contracts in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) are given to members of the National Assembly. He said this when he appeared before the house of representatives committee probing the commission. “We all know… July 20, 2020 In "News" According to a report by The Nation, the House of Representatives has summoned Minister of Niger Delta Affairs Senator Godswill Akpabio and the Acting Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). They are to appear unfailingly before the investigative Committee on Monday to answer questions on allegations against… July 17, 2020 In "News"