The seventh weekly virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday approved projects worth a total of N109,187,264,000 for Ministry of Works and Housing and the Ministry of Education. The meeting, presided over by President Muhammed Buhari, had received two memoranda from the Ministry of Works and Housing and one from Education. These were disclosed to State House Correspondents during a briefing addressed by five Ministers, including the Ministers of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola; Education, Adamu Adamu; Information, Lai Mohammed; Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyema; Special Duties, George Akume; and Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, Zubairu Dada. Fashola said his ministry submitted two memoranda for projects estimated to cost a total of N108.443Bn. According to him, the FEC approved an augmentation of existing contract by N25 billion for the completion of the Enugu – Lokponta section of the Enugu – Port Harcourt highway. “The Ministry of Works and Housing presented two memoranda. The first one was to aid the completion of the Enugu – Lokponta section of the Enugu – Port Harcourt highway, it was augmentation of existing contract by N25 billion, the council approved that augmentation. “The second memoranda was the award of three different roads. The first is Dikwa-Marte-Mungunu road for N60. 273 billion and the Numan road linking Borno and Adamawa for N15.527 billion and the third is for Gombi-Biu linking Adamawa and Borno also for N7.643 billion”, he said. The Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, said FEC approved an agreement between the Kaduna Polytechnic (KADPOLY) and an investor to renovate 18 blocks of student hostels. The contract, which is a 15-year concession at the cost of N744,264 million, is under a Renovate Operate, Maintain and Transfer (ROMT) arrangement. He said: “It will take one year to construct the hostels, after which the contractor will run it for 15 years within which they will recover what they have sunk into the project. “There are 18 blocks of hostels and each room in a block will house four students. The total number of students to be housed will be 4,032″, he said. The Nation By Bolaji Ogundele Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Presidency has expressed confidence that the recently approved dualization of the outstanding portion of the Calabar – Odukpani-Itu-Ikot Ekpene Expressway would positively impact on the economy of the South-South/South-East states. Giving the assurances in a statement made available to State House Correspondents… February 16, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari is currently presiding over this week’s virtual Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting at the State House in Abuja. The meeting, which kicked off at 10am in the Council Chambers of the State House, had the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo (SAN); the Secretary to the Government of… June 10, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Chijioke Okoronkwo Abuja - The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday approved the sum of N6.17 billion for augmentation of the contract for the construction of Ikot-Ekpene border-Aba-Owerri Road, Section 1, Phase 1. Alh. Suleiman Zarma, the Minister of State for Power, Works and Housing, disclosed this while briefing… April 3, 2019 In "News"