Manchester (UK) -.  Manchester City’s David Silva says his trophy-laden career with the English Premier League (EPL) club has exceeded his wildest dreams. The 34-year-old Spaniard said this on Saturday as he was preparing for his final league game against Norwich City on Sunday. He has won 11 trophies in 10 seasons with Manchester City, including four Premier League titles, since arriving from Valencia in 2010. Silva, who has scored 60 goals in 308 league appearances, will depart the Etihad Stadium when his contract expires at the end of the season. “When I look back at everything, I can never in my wildest dreams have imagined what I will achieve,” he said. “When you are young, you don’t dream about all of this,” “You dream about becoming a footballer, a professional footballer, and you dream of playing in the top flight, but you never think about all the things that you can possibly achieve.” Silva has won the Premier League’s Player of the Month award just once in spite of being one of Manchester City’s most consistent players. But he is unconcerned with the lack of personal accolades. “I will like to be remembered as a good guy, who enjoys football. I hope the people enjoyed my football as well. It’s simple,” the Spaniard said.(Reuters/NAN) Spain playmaker David Silva has signed a new five-year deal with Premier League champions, Manchester City. The 28-year-old joined City for £24m from Valencia in July 2010. "From the moment I joined the club four years ago it has felt like a second home to me," said Silva, who has… August 12, 2014 In "Sports" London - Raheem Sterling scored a hat-trick as Manchester City crushed Watford 6-0 in the English FA Cup final match on Saturday at Wembley. They have now become the first team to win the English treble of league championship and both domestic cups in spectacular style. The victory matched the… May 18, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool striker Luis Suarez insists he is staying at Anfield amid reported interest in his services from Spanish giants Real Madrid. The Uruguayan’s incredible goal-scoring record this season has seen him linked to various clubs, most notably Los Blancos, yet the 27-year-old says he has no intention of leaving the… May 2, 2014 In "Sports"