The Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee (CEONCPC) ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has settled for in-direct mode of primary for the Ondo State Governorship Primary slated for July 20. Screening of the 12 aspirants also began at an undisclosed hotel in Utako suburb area of the Federal Capital, Abuja on Wednesday with six of the aspirants screened so far. The remaining six contenders will appear before the Tijjani Tumusa led Screening Committee today (Thursday). A senior party official, who spoke in confidence said that the Caretaker Committee of the party have resolved to stick to the mode of primary adopted and conveyed to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) by the former National Working Committee of the party led by former National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomole. It was relablly gathered that decision to stick to the mode of primary was reached by CEONCPC on Sunday at a meeting in Asokoro, Abuja, where it was resolved that the party should stick to the mode earlier adopted. A source at the meeting said that the Caretaker Committee had it’s hand tied due to the constitutional provision that mandates political parties to notify INEC of mode of primary 21 days before the conduct of the party primary. “The Caretaker Committee had to settle for the indirect primary in view of the time. Already from Sunday when the Caretaker met, the party have less than 21 days to the July 20 primary and in order not to fall short of INEC’s rule, the Caretaker Committee resolved to adopt the mode earlier conveyed to INECby the former NWC”. Another competent source in the Caretaker Committee confirmed the mode of primary in Ondo State on Wednesday in a phone call, the source simply said, “We have adopted the letter Oshiomhole earlier written to the INEC. The caretaker committee does not want to tamper with that arrangement.” The Nation however gathered that 11 of the 12 aspirants called for direct mode of primary for the July 20 Ondo State Governorship Primary of the party. It will be recalled that during the submission of expression of interest and nomination forms, a frontline aspirant, Chief Olusola Oke told newsmen why the party cannot adopt indirect primary. According to him, “There is no way indirect primaries can take place in Ondo state today. Article 13 of the APC is cleared on it that if you want to do an indirect primaries, you must convey a special congress to constitute electoral college to elect the delegates. “But because of time constraint, the only option open for our party is to do direct primaries like we have just had in Edo state which we went peacefully,” he said. Meanwhile, Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, the incumbent governor led the pack of contenders screened by the Tumusa led Screening Committee. Akeredolu who posted on his Facebook page after been screened, commended the execrise and the committee members. According to the governor’s post, “I have just undergone screening by my party @OfficialAPCNg. Members of the committee were thorough, scrutinizing all documents amongst other questions. I believe the party made excellent choices of the committee members. Very professional and courteous”. Other aspirants screened on Wednesday include Amb. Joseoh Olusola Iji, Chief Odimayo Okunjimi, Chief Olayide Owolabi Adelaml mni, Chief Issacs Kekemeke Duerlminl and Chief Olusola Oke. Those billed for screening today are lfeoluwa Olusola 0yedele, Olajumoke Olubusola Anifowoshe, Awodeyi Akinsehinwa Akinola Colinus, Olubukola Olarogba Okunola Adetula, Dr.Abraham Olusegun Michael and Dr. Nathaniel Olumugwa Adojutelegan. The Nation By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The adopted Mode of primaries by the All Progressives Congress may further split the party members in some state as governor of Imo state,  Rochas Okorocha, Senator Magnus Abe and other stakeholders kicked against the decision of the party national working committee.   … September 26, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Governor Mai Mala Buni-led Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress APC has written the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC introducing the 13-member committee to the Commission and also slating its Ondo Governorship Primary Election for July 20. The letter which was dated… June 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The National Working Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has endorsed the result of the party’s gubernatorial primaries in Edo where Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged as governorship candidate of the party. The Chairman of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Gov. Atiku Bagudu confirmed this… June 25, 2020 In "Politics"