By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  –  President Muhammadu Buhari has joined the All Progressives Congress (APC) in grief over the passing of former member of the National Working Committee, Alhaji Inuwa Abdulkadir, who served as Vice Chairman, North West. Buhari, in a statement by his spokesman, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Monday, condoled with family members, friends and political associates of the party stalwart, who served the country as Minister of Sports and Youth Development. Late Abdulkadir also played a prominent role in the creation and sustenance of the party. According to the president, Abdulkadir’s humility, maturity and penchant for facilitating reconciliation among members will be sorely missed at a time the APC is rebuilding and repositioning to deliver on its promises. He urged members to always remember and project same legacies of putting the country first. Buhari prayed that the almighty God would receive the soul of the departed and comfort his family. (NAN) Kano - A former ‎ Senator under the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Sen. Basheer Lado has decamped to All Progressives Congress(APC) with over 5,000 supporters in a grand reception in Kano. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the event took place at the popular Sani Abacha stadium before… January 28, 2018 In "Politics" Babachir Lawal, Nigeria's former Secretary to the Government to the Federation, SGF, has criticized the leadership of the All Progressives Congress under Adams Oshiomhole saying the party has become a 'funny organization. Lawal made the remark while lamenting that APC members are not being carried along by Oshiomhole. Addressing journalists… February 17, 2020 In "News" Kaduna   -  The All Progressives Congress (APC), Kaduna State chapter, said on Wednesday that Sen. Shehu Sani remained suspended from activities of the party for 11 months. The spokesperson of the APC in the state, Salisu Wusono, said this while addressing journalists in Kaduna. Wusono urged the public and… January 13, 2016 In "Top Stories"