•The late Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile ABUJA – The Nigerian Air Force on Friday stated that it was investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of its Flying Officer, Tolulope Arotile, in a road accident, adding that two persons were being held. The NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, stated these in an interview with our correspondent, saying at the end of the investigation, “whatever information needs to go out will go out.” The NAF spokesman later in a release on Friday noted that Arotile would be buried Thursday, July 23, at the National Military Cemetery, Abuja, with full military honours. The NAF noted that it would continue to support female pilots’ training as 11 were currently undergoing training within and outside Nigeria. The country was thrown into mourning on Tuesday when the NAF first announced that Arotile, Nigeria’s first female combat helicopter pilot, died at the NAF base in Kaduna State from a road traffic accident. The air force said the female officer sustained head injuries from the accident when she was “inadvertently hit by the reversing vehicle of an excited former Air Force secondary school classmate while trying to greet her.” Arotile, a member of the Nigerian Defence Academy Regular Course 64, hailed from Iffe in the Ijumu Local Government Area of Kogi State, and contributed to the efforts to rid the North-Central states of bandits and other criminal elements by flying combat missions. She was particularly a squadron leader in Operation Gama Aiki in Minna Niger State. Notable Nigerians, including President Muhammadu Buhari, had since Wednesday expressed shock over her death. •Saturday PUNCH By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) says the remains of late Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, the Service’s first female combat helicopter pilot, who died on Tuesday, will be buried on July 23 at the National Military Cemetery in Abuja. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of… July 17, 2020 In "News" ABUJA - More details have emerged about the death of Nigeria’s first female combat pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile, who died at the Nigerian Air Force Base in Kaduna State on Tuesday. The 24-year-old was said to have been hit by a car driven by a former classmate who wanted… July 15, 2020 In "News" The Nigerian Air Force has lost its first female combat helicopter pilot, Flying Officer Tolulope Arotile. She died in an auto crash on Tuesday. The young officer was killed by a reversing car inside the Air Force base in Kaduna. The car was driven by her old schoolmate. The deceased… July 16, 2020 In "News"