Wanlov the Kubolor has in an interview on the Afro Joint Show on Kingdom 101.9 Fm disclosed that he named his first child Manpi because he didn’t cum during the intercourse that produced her. On the show with seasoned host Fiifi Pratt, the musician of the famous FOKN Boys band, explained that he accepted to father a kid that was not his because he didn’t cum during his intercourse with the mother. According to him, his daughter named Akosua Manpi’s mum showed up the next morning after they made love to break the news of her pregnancy to him. The eccentric artiste added that he has 7 biological kids by 5 women. Also, he added that he is father to two more kids by two of his baby mama’s who already had children with other men when he met them. The musician, known for his aberrant behavior with bandmate Mensa, is arguably one of the few artistes championing the Ghanaian Traditional Folk music genre. WATCH VIDEO BELOW: They have to an extent succeeded in taking our beautiful Traditional folk music to the world touring in Europe on a couple of occasions. Ghpage By Mike Mbonye Pretoria  -   A Nigerian Hip Pop artiste, “Fakia Lafarge’’, says he is working hard to break into the South African music scene. The musician, born Ifeanyi Nwadiulu, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Pretoria, South Africa, that his brand of music was accepted… July 6, 2017 In "Entertainment" Music legend, Alhaja Hawawu Alake Aminulahi, popularly known as Iya Aladuke Abolodefeloju, speaks to TUNDE OYEKOLA about her experience as a musician, her life and music genre, Senwele You are popularly known as Iya Aladuke, how was the name derived? My name is Alhaja Hawawu Alake Aminulahi. My husband is… April 5, 2020 In "Entertainment" As kids, we all fantasized about growing up and becoming rich and famous. Talent surely has no age barrier as long as you are willing to showcase such talent to the world. Such was the case of these 6 Nigerian children-celebrities who have created a niche for themselves in the… October 12, 2019 In "Entertainment"