By Monday Ijeh Abuja –   The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the posting and redeployment of senior police officers in line with the recent presidential approval for the re-organisation of the force.The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Abuja. He said the presidential approval included the creation of an additional Department, the Directorate of Intelligence, expansion of the police zonal structure from 12 to 17 and the creation of two additional FCID annexes.According to Mba, the Assistant Inspectors General of Police (AIGs) affected by the posting and redeployment are Mr Adeleye Oyebade, Head, Department of Research and Planning and Mr Ibrahim Lamorde, Head, Directorate of Intelligence, Force Headquarters. He said prior to the posting, Oyebade, was a Directing Staff at the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies, Jos while Lamorde, was the AIG in-charge of Force Intelligence.The FPRO said the I-G had also ordered the positing of five senior police officers to the newly created zonal commands.Mba said the AIGs affected by the posting are Dan-Mallam Mohammed, Zone 13, Awka; Rabiu Yusuf, Zone 14, Katsina; Lawal Ado, Zone 15, Maiduguri; Austine Agbonlahor, Zone 16, Yenagoa; and David Folawiyo, Zone 17 Akure.“Mr Asuquo Amba, former Commissioner of Police (CP), Ekiti Command, takes charge as AIG of the new FCID Annex Gombe.“Mr Olafimihan Adeoye, former CP Federal-SARS takes charge as the AIG, FCID Annex Enugu while Mr Uche Anozie, former CP Cross River takes charge as AIG, FCID Annex Lagos,” he said.​Mba said the I-G urged the affected officers to bring their wealth of experience to bear in their new places of assignment.He enjoined them to bring policing closer to the people and work with relevant stakeholders to tackle crime and improve on policing services across the country.He said the postings and re-deployments were with immediate effect. (NAN) By Joseph Edeh Abuja - The acting Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mr Mohammed Adamu has ordered the posting of the newly promoted Assistant Inspectors-General of Police (AIGs). A statement by the Force Spokesman, ACP Frank Mba disclosed this on Wednesday in Abuja, He said AIGs Wilson Inalegwu was posted to… February 6, 2019 In "Metro" ABUJA - The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Suleiman Abba, on Tuesday ordered the redeployment of 28 Assistant Inspectors-General to various Departments, Zonal Commands and Formations across the[pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] country. This is contained in a statement issued by the force spokesman, Mr Emmanuel Ojukwu, on Tuesday in Abuja. Abba said that… January 20, 2015 In "News" By Monday Ijeh Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Mr Mohammed Adamu has ordered the redeployment of the recently promoted Commissioners of Police to the rank of Assistant Inspectors General (AIG). The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO),  DCP Frank Mba disclosed this in a statement on Saturday in Abuja.… November 9, 2019 In "News"