The remains of late founding President of the Newspaper Proprietors Association of Nigeria (NPAN) and former Managing Director of the Democrat Newspapers, Mallam Ismaila Isa Funtua, were interred on Tuesday at the Gudu Cemetery at Abuja. The late elderstatesman died of cardiac arrest on Monday night at 78. Isa Funtua was President Muhammadu Buhari’s political associate and in-law. The Salat-al- Janazah was held before his burial at the Shehu Shagari Central Mosque, Area 1, Garki, Abuja. It was preformed by the Chief Imam Area 1 Mosque, Sheikh Abdulahi Bala Yau. Prayers were offered at his grave by the Chief Imam of National Mosque, Abuja, Dr Kabir. Some of the dignitaries at the Janazah prayer and the burial include nephew of President Muhammadu Buhari, Mamman Daura; former Ogun Governor Senator Ibikunle Amosun; FCT Minister Mohammed Musa Bello; Senator Tunde Ogheha; Yobe Governor, Mai Mala Buni; Former S.A. to President Buhari on Foreign Affairs Ambassador Yahaha Lawal; former Zamfara Governor Mahmoud Shinkafi and former Chairman of National Hajj Commission of Nigeria (NAHCON ), Abdulahi Mohammed. Others were former EFCC Chairman Nuhu Ribadu and Chairman of THISDAY /ARISE TV, Chief Nduka Obaigbena. Those at the burial were the Publisher Abuja Enquirer Dan Akpovwa; Publisher Leadership Newspaper Noah Isaiah and Mohammed Idris of Blueprint Newspaper. The Nation Abuja- The Chief Imam of Abuja National Mosque, late Sheikh Musa Muhammad, was on Sunday buried at the Gudu Cemetery in FCT amid tears and prayers from families and well wishers. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the burial, which was conducted under tight security, was attended by… May 3, 2015 In "News" As hundreds of dignitaries and other Nigerians gather in Kano for the burial of late Yusuf Maitama Sule,  has learnt that his body will no longer arrive at the Kano international airport. The presidential jet carrying the remains of the Dan Masini Kano will now land at the Nigeria Air… July 4, 2017 In "News" By Zubairu Idris/Shehu Danjuma Katsina -  The remains of the former Inspector-General of Police and Chairman, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Alhaji Ibrahim Coomassie was buried in Rimin-Badawa cemetery, Katsina on Friday . The funeral prayer which took place 2.06 p.m shortly after Juma’at service, was led by Sheikh Samu Adam,… July 20, 2018 In "News"