By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta  –  Two persons have been confirmed dead on Tuesday while one other sustained injuries in an accident involving a Mitsubishi Lancer loaded with Pepper and a moving truck around Christopher University on the Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Spokesperson, Ogun Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abeokuta. According to him, the accident occurred about 7: 44 a.m. Akinbiyi said that the Mitsubishi Lancer marked AJW 465 AA rammed into a moving truck from the back, saying that the driver immediately ran away with the truck. ”According to eyewitness, the Mitsubishi lancer loaded with pepper, rammed into a moving truck inbound Lagos from behind with two of the three passengers on board, including the driver killed on the spot. “The cause of the accident cannot be immediately ascertained for now but we suspect it could be as a result of brake failure before losing control due to excessive speed,” he said. The TRACE spokesman explained that the deceased were deposited at Fakoya private morgue in Sagamu while the injured was taken to Famobis Hospital in Lotto, Mowe. (NAN) By Abiodun Lawal   Abeokuta   -     Eight persons died on Tuesday in an accident involving a white Toyota Hiace bus and a blue Mack truck opposite Wichtech Roofing and Pipes on Lagos-Ibadan expressway. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, Public Relations Officer, Ogun Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), confirmed… June 12, 2018 In "Metro" Two people have died in an accident on the Lagos Ibadan Expressway. The Public Relations Officer, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps (TRACE), Babatunde Akinbiyi, who confirmed the incident to NAN, said that the accident, which occurred around 9:30 a.m., was caused by reckless driving and wrongful overtaking on the part… April 22, 2020 In "News" Abeokuta -  An auto crash involving a white Mazda bus and a Mack truck in Ogun has claimed the life of at least 10 persons, including two months old baby and the mother. Mr Babatunde Akinbiyi, the Public Relations Officer, Ogun Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Agency (TRACE), confirmed the incident… July 6, 2017 In "News"