The Ohaneze Youth Council (OYC), a front line Igbo youth socio-cultural organisation, has lent its voice to call for a United Nations supervised referendum for Nigeria. It described the call as democratic and way forward for the country. Addressing the newsmen over the weekend in Owerri, Imo State capital, the President of the Council, Comrade Igboayaka O Igboayaka, maintained its within the tenet of democracy for people to pursue for self-determination. He said the council “is in full support of any democratic move to dissect the numerous issues surrounding the make up of Nigeria federation.” “Pro Biafra groups are legally qualified to call for a restructural referendum having housed a good number of views of the Igbo Nation in a struggle for a fair share in the Nigerian federation against the clear marginalization of the Igbo race evidenced in lopsided federal key appointments especially the service chiefs,” he stressed. According to him, the call for United Nations to play a coordinating and supervisory role in the proposed Referendum is a right step in the right direction geared towards ensuring fundamental human rights especially freedom of expression, freedom of assembly and freedom association. He called on Nigerian authorities to heed to the call to settle the dusts of secession, marginalisation, self rule agitations, proscription and overheating the polity. The Nation The Igbo socio-political group, Ohaneze Ndigbo, on Thursday endorsed the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party PDP, Atiku Abubakar. Mr Abubakar, a former vice president, has as his running mate, Peter Obi, a former governor of Anambra State. The President General of Ohaneze, John Nwodo, announced the endorsement in… January 25, 2019 In "Politics" Awka - The Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) has lauded the decision of Ohaneze Ndigbo to endorse the Atiku-Obi presidential ticket. Mr Oseloka Obaze, Chairman of the Atiku/Obi Presidential Campaign Council, Anambra chapter made the commendation in Awka on Friday. Ohaneze, the Igbo Socio-Cultural organisation announced its endorsement of the PDP… January 25, 2019 In "News" ABUJA - Following vitriolic attacks on the Igbo and deep animosity expressed by Arewa youths in their recent letter to the Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, asking him to allow the Igbo to exit the Nigerian federation, the Ohanaeze Youth Council Worldwide (OYC) has petitioned the United Nations (UN), demanding… June 21, 2017 In "Top Stories"