A 27-year-old man, Friday Asuquo, allegedly shot his friend, identified as Kingsley Araino, with a pump-action gun over N1,000 debt. According to report, the incident happened on Friday after a disagreement ensued over the debt Araino owed him. The incident happened at Amawbia, Awka South Local Government Area of Anambra State on Friday afternoon. According to SP Haruna Mohammed, the state police command’s spokesperson, the culprit was immediately arrested, while the victim is already receiving treatment at Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital. Haruna said, “On the 17/7/2020 at about 11:45am, police operatives attached to the Command Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) arrested one Friday Asuquo ‘m’ aged 27 years of Oron but resides at Enu-Orji village, Amawbia in Anambra State. “Suspect had a misunderstanding with one Kingsley Araino ‘m’ aged 27 years of same address over one thousand naira debt. “Following the altercation, the suspect quickly rushed inside one city of restoration church Amawbia, brought out a pump-action gun loaded with four live cartridges and allegedly shot the victim at his back. “Scene of the incident was visited by Police detectives and the victim rushed to Amaku General Hospital Awka for medical attention and he is responding to treatment.” Haruna said the pump action gun used in perpetrating the crime and three live cartridges and one expended cartridge were recovered as exhibits. “Suspect also confessed to the offence voluntarily while an investigation is ongoing after which he would be brought to book.” The Nation Chinonso Ugochukwu and Sunday Eyim, two Anambra paedophiles arrested by the police The Nigerian police in Anambra state have arrested two paedophiles in Awka South and Ihiala LGAs, who raped two pre-school girls aged 5 and four years, PM News reports. One of the sexual predators, 27 year-old Chinonso Ugochukwu,… July 18, 2020 In "Metro" Anambra State Police Command, has arrested a 28-year-old man for allegedly, raping a 36 year old woman twice with ‘improvised’ gun. The incident took place on Friday at Okpuno, Awka South local government area, close to Nnamdi Azikiwe University Unizik temporary site. The suspect, one Emeka Okeke was said to… May 9, 2020 In "News" Daily Post reports that a 45-year-old man identified as Onyebuchi Ashiema has been allegedly beaten to death for parking his car wrongly in a street at Igboukwu community of Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State. Ashiema was said to have been attacked by a 36-year-old man, one Evans Obuneme… February 21, 2020 In "News"