Moscow  – A public relations adviser to the head of the Russian space agency Roscosmos has been detained on suspicion of treason, the Russian news agency Interfax reported on Tuesday. “Ivan Safronov, a former journalist at the prominent Russian newspapers Kommersant and Vedomosti, had become the information policy adviser to Roscosmos chief Dmitry Rogozin just two months ago. “The case could be connected with his previous journalism work and publications about the military,’’ the report said. Roscosmos said the case was not related to Safronov’s position at the space agency. Treason is punishable in Russia by up to 20 years in prison. Safronov was forced to leave the Kommersant newspaper 2019 after authoring an article that claimed the speaker of Russia’s upper house of parliament, Valentina Matviyenko, would soon leave her post for a sort of pre-retirement job as the head of Russia’s pension fund. Eleven other journalists left the newspaper at that time as a protest in solidarity with Safronov and Editor Maxim Ivanov, who had also been dismissed. Report says Matviyenko remains the upper house’s speaker. (dpa/NAN) Moscow - Russian President Vladimir Putin’s human rights council on Tuesday said that it was “seriously concerned” about troubles at a major business-focused newspaper, Kommersant. The newspaper has reportedly severed relations with two employees over an article that cited undisclosed sources as saying the speaker of the upper house of… May 21, 2019 In "Foreign" Moscow - Yuri Gagarin, the first person to go into space, was honoured in Moscow on Saturday on what would have been the Soviet cosmonaut’s 85th birthday. Gagarin, hailed as a national icon, earned his title as space-travel pioneer on April 12, 1961, when he spent 108 minutes in space.… March 9, 2019 In "Foreign" Moscow -  Russia and the U.S. will hold a joint four-month experiment imitating a flight to the lunar orbital station Deep Space Gateway in 2019 in Moscow, Russian Institute of Science said. The press service of the Institute of Biomedical Problems of the Russian Academy of Science (IBMP) said this… March 17, 2018 In "Foreign"