By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has sent his condolences to the family, friends and political associates of Pa Ayorinde Fasanmi, the leader of Yoruba socio-cultural and political association who died on Wednesday at the age of 94 years. Lawan also commiserated with the government and people of Ekiti State and the Yoruba people in general over the demise of a leader who throughout his life was committed to the cause of his people and Nigeria. The condolence message was contained in a statement signed by the Special Adviser (Media)to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi made available to Sundiata Post. The Senate President said the late elder statesman made immense contributions to nation-building as a two-time parliamentarian, public office holder and political party leader. Lawan said Nigerians will miss Pa Fasanmi’s forthrightness, consistency, wise counsel and wealth of experience. The Senate President prayed God to grant the soul of the deceased perfect peace and grant those that he left behind the fortitude to bear his loss.    By Chibuike Nwabuko  Abuja – (Sundiata Post) -   President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has expressed grief over the demise of former Oyo State Governor, Abiola Ajimobi. Lawan reinded that late Senator Ajimobi served with merit at the upper legislative chamber between 2003 and 2007 during which time he was… June 26, 2020 In "News" Ado-Ekiti - The Leaders and members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in the South West on Thursday described the death of Senator Ayo Fasanmi, as a huge loss to the Progressives family in Nigeria. The South West Zonal Publicity Secretary of APC, Chief Karounwi Oladapo said this in statement… July 30, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has commiserated with the family of former Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Chief Richard Akinjide, who died on Tuesday. Lawan also condoled with the government and people of Oyo State over the loss, said… April 22, 2020 In "News"