Gunmen on Friday evening kidnapped three persons along Isinbode-Ode road in Isinbode-Ekiti in Ekiti East Local Government Area of Ekiti State. The Nation gathered the gun-wielding assailants invaded a sawmill located along the route and dispossessed the workers of their personal belongings before abducting two at the scene. The source, who confided in our reporter, revealed after the operation, the kidnappers numbering 10, waylaid a Hilux Van conveying a top government official and rained bullet it before leaving with one of the occupants. “The hoodlums stormed a sawmill in the area where they dispossessed traders and workers of their money and valuables while two persons, a man and a woman were abducted. “While the criminals were fleeing the community, a Hilux van conveying a senior officer of a government agency was attacked in which the driver was shot. “The driver of the Hilux was hit by bullets forcing him to wait on the highway. This led to the kidnap of the unknown top government’s functionary,” the source stated. When contacted, the Ekiti State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Sunday Abutu, confirmed the incident, disclosing that one out of the abductors had escaped from captivity. Abutu said the kidnappers are left with two persons, including the senior civil servant. The police spokeperson added police were on the trail of the criminals, promising that the captives shall be freed unhurt. Abutu disclosed that the shot driver has been rescued to an hospital where he is receiving medical treatment. The Nation Akinde was abducted at Ita-Ogbolu, Akure north local government area of Ondo state when he was conveying nine passengers to Onitsha in Anambra state. He had picked up the passengers at Ado-Ekiti in Ekiti state and was heading to his destination when the attackers struck around 6am. See Gunmen ‘Abduct… June 27, 2019 In "News" MINNA - Armed bandits numbering about 30, on Sunday morning, killed four soldiers, injuring three others in an ambush in Sarkin Power, in Munda Local Government of Niger State. The four soldiers were a captain, who led the soldiers in the operation, a staff sergeant, and two corporals. Some civilians… January 6, 2020 In "Top Stories" Esit Eket (Akwa Ibom)  - No fewer than 10 unknown gunmen on Friday night kidnapped the pregnant wife of Ubong Assam, the paramount ruler of Esit Eket in Akwa Ibom. The gunmen also abducted the four children of the traditional ruler. Chief Asuquo Abia, the Secretary, Traditional Rulers Council, Esit… April 30, 2016 In "Metro"