Akuapem Poloo nude scandal became the trending news item across all traditional media and social media platforms over the last week. Ghanaians did not take it lightly at all. The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of Ghana even invited Akuapem Poloo for questioning following a petition by child rights international. She indeed was/is in hot waters after she ‘doltishly’ posed naked with son on social media. In light of this brouhaha, Afia Schwarzenegger has claimed she was the one who advised Akuapem Poloo on what to say after the photo went viral. According to Afia Schwarzenegger, as soon as the nude photo of Poloo fast circulated she called her on phone advising her to come out and apologize to Ghanaians because already we(Ghanaians) all know she’s not mentally sound. Akuapem Poloo refused to pay heed to her solid advice as she took her own direction that has landed her into serious trouble. Afia, speaking to a blogger during a shop opening in Accra further added that she was ready to give her lawyer to Akuapem Poloo to honour the Police invitation and help grant bail if she is charged with an offence and arrested. Ghpage An actress, Rosemond Alade Brown, popularly known as Akuapem Poloo has shocked fans after posting a naked photo in a squatting position with her son on his seventh birthday. The son was also semi clad. However, the photo has attracted attention from social media users. Akuapem Poloo while sharing the… June 30, 2020 In "Social Media Feeds" Controversial Ghanaian actress, Akuapem Poloo has said sorry after sharing an unclad photo with her son. According to her, the photo was supposed to be artistic and not porn. Recall that the actress was bashed online after she shared a photo of her squatted unclad in front of her 7-year-old… July 1, 2020 In "Entertainment" Nigerians have reprimanded Nollywood Actress, Anita Joseph for rebuking Ghanaian actress, Rosemond Alade Brown, aka Akuapem Poloo who yesterday shared an unclad photo with her 7 year-old son. Anita had taken to social media to condemn Poloo’s action and asked her to go for proper psychological evaluation. Her advice didn’t… July 1, 2020 In "Entertainment"