By Rita Iliya Minna  –  The Niger state House of Assembly Deputy Speaker and member representing Bida I, Alhaji Bako Alfa, had resigned his leadership position as the deputy speaker of the house. This followed a notification letter read by the Speaker, Alhaji Abdullahi Wuse, during Thursday’s plenary. Alfa appreciated the leadership of the house for the opportunity given to him to serve as the deputy speaker of the house. The Clark of the House, Alhaji Abdullahi Kagara, thereafter called for the nomination of a new deputy speaker. Alhaji Suleiman Gambo, member representing Paikoro nominated Jibrin Ndagi Baba, representing Lavun costituecy, for the position and was seconded by Ibrahim Salihu, member representing Kontagora II. There was no other nomination and Baba emerged by unanimous vote. In his acceptance speech, Baba said that his nomination came as a great surprise, and appreciated the lawmakers for the opportunity given to him to serve. “It’s a great surprise to me, because I am ‘too small’ for the position, that is because there are many of my colleague here that are bigger than I, but still went ahead to nominate me, ” he said. He gave assurance to work towards the welfare and development of the house. In his remarks, Wuse, congratulated the new deputy speaker and prayed for God’s guidance in the discharge of duties. (NAN) By Amen Gajira Minna - The Niger House of Assembly on Tuesday elected Alhaji Abdullahi Wuse (APC), member representing Tafa Constituency, as the speaker of the 9th Assembly in the state. Wuse was declared speaker following his nomination by member representing Chachanga, Ahmed Marafa (APC),  the immediate past speaker of… June 11, 2019 In "News" By Peter Uwumarogie Gombe - Mr Abubakar Ibrahim, the lawmaker representing Yamaltu West in Gombe House of Assembly,on Friday, emerged the Speaker of the state’s sixth Assembly. Ibrahim was nominated by Mr Musa Buba, representing Balanga North Constituency and seconded by Abdullahi Abubakar ofAkko West Constituency at the inaugural sitting… June 14, 2019 In "News" By Rita Iliya Minna - The Niger State House of Assembly has impeached its Majority Leader, Alhaji Suleiman Nasko and Deputy Majority Leader, Mr Andrew Jagaba. This followed the adoption of a motion by Alhaji Ndagi Baba, representing Lavun constituency and seconded by Alhaji Saidu Tama, representing Edati constituency during… July 16, 2020 In "Politics"