A 20-year-old Black woman was found hanging dead in her white roommate’s garage and the police department has ruled it a suicide, yet, friends and family speculate otherwise. The McKinney Police Department has declared the death of 20-year-old Gloria Bambo, a McKinney, Texas, resident, a suicide after she was found dead in the garage on July 12. Facebook user Jamilla Arnold posted this statement on her page: She wrote: “Gloria Bambo, a South African citizen, and a resident of McKinney, Texas, was found hung inside her garage. Gloria resided with her roommate, a white male who found her in the garage Sunday July 12, 2020. Gloria went missing Thursday and supposedly died in that garage the same day July 9. Gloria’s body was in that garage 3 days, where people resided, and repairs were made. No one has heard anything about this Why? We need to know what happened to Gloria?” There have been speculations that Gloria did not commit suicide and the McKinney Police Department posted a statement on its Facebook page to refute the speculation. “The McKinney Police Department typically does not comment on suicides, including naming the deceased, but due to the public nature of this case we feel the need to clarify some inaccuracies. “A number of posts on social media have speculated about the death of Gloria Bambo, a 20-year-old Black female. Ms. Bambo’s body was discovered by her 19-year-old male housemate who has fully cooperated during the investigation. “All evidence in the case so far leads investigators to believe it was suicide. The Medical Examiner’s findings are still pending but the preliminary examination of the body has not uncovered any evidence to contradict what was discovered at the residence. “This case is still under investigation and is not closed at this time. We are committed to a complete, thorough investigation of Ms. Bambo’s tragic death and we grieve the tragic loss of this promising, young life.” The local NAACP chapter states they are looking forward to the results of the autopsy. Source A 22-year-old man committed suicide on Facebook after his girlfriend left him for another man. Shyam Sikarwar, also known as 'Raj', posted shocking footage on social media in which he hanged himself inside a temple in the village of Raybha near Agra. According to the Times of India, Sikarwar left… July 22, 2019 In "Metro" By Lisa Maria Garza DALLAS  - At least one sniper in Dallas killed five police officers and wounded seven more in a coordinated attack that ended when police used a bomb to kill a shooter who told them he wanted to kill white officers, authorities said Friday. The attack came… July 8, 2016 In "Foreign" By Ernest Scheyder and Marice Richter DALLAS   - A U.S. Army reservist who served in Afghanistan, embraced militant black nationalism and professed a desire to "kill white people" has been named by authorities as the lone gunman in a sniper attack on police in Dallas that left five officers… July 9, 2016 In "Foreign"