BENIN CITY – DESPITE the resignations in the administration of Governor Godwin Obaseki, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Edo Central senatorial district, Elder Mathew Emiohe, Tuesday said the PDP is not perturbed by the actions of some aides of the governor describing them as moles and that the party is excited over their exit from the government. Emiohe who is a grass-root politician is a board member of the state-owned Ambrose Alli University, AAU, Ekpoma, spoke to newsmen in Benin City. He said the PDP is ready to vote massively for Obaseki whom he said has many visible projects in his kitty. He alleged that the opposition party is only interested in perpetrating and instigating violence in the state to gain relevance. Emiohe said “Those that are leaving are the ones we don’t want in the PDP because we don’t want to have betrayals and moles among us, they don’t have any political relevance and cannot win their units or wards. Nobody is going anywhere with them. “However, in any elections, it is normal, people must decamp and resigned. PDP have equally received large numbers of APC supporters too. So, we are not bothered at all, we are also gaining more. “As a political party, we are very prepared for the September governorship election while the other party is preaching violence. This only tells you that they are not ready. We are interested in peace and victory because of the level of our preparedness. “The fact that Obaseki has performed and with all the things Oshiomhole did to him only generated sympathy for the governor. The disqualification meted to him was uncalled for. For instance, I am an Esan man, our people are not happy because Obaseki is the only governor that has given us hope. “When he was disqualified, all Esan people felt disqualified, the Esan agenda was disqualified. The momentum to vote Obaseki today is very high and we have never seen this before. Victory for Obaseki is sure”. Vanguard News Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will be allowed to run with his deputy, Philip Shaibu, on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party if he (Obaseki) emerges winner at the PDP primary slated for Tuesday, June 23, in Benin, Edo State, Saturday PUNCH has learnt. It was gathered that this… June 20, 2020 In "Features" A chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo State, Okharedia Ihimekpen, has cautioned leaders and members of his party not to underrate the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. Ihimekpen, Monday at an interactive session with reporters in Benin, expressed… July 6, 2020 In "Politics" BENIN CITY – SEVEN elected councillors out of 12 in Oredo local government area, the home area of Governor Godwin Obaseki Tuesday pledged their support for the election of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. Among the seven councillors included the one representing Ward 4 where the governor hails. Also in Uhunmwonde local… July 28, 2020 In "Politics"