By Maureen Okon Abuja -.  President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday in Abuja commended the contributions of Nigerians in Diaspora to the social-economic development of the country. Buhari said this at the maiden Virtual National Diaspora Day celebration held via Webinar with the theme for the event was “Leverage the Diaspora Resources for National Development.” He said that over the past three years, Nigerians in diaspora had brought in over 25 billion dollars as home remittances to the Nigerians economy annually through official and non-formal channels. “This is about six per cent of our GDP and upwards of 80 per cent of our annual budget. This has impacted on the livelihoods of Nigerians in terms of education, health, housing and estate development, industry, trade and investments. “Agriculture and technology/skills transfer. In terms of diaspora home remittances, Nigeria is rated as number one in sub-saharan Africa and this is still growing, especially with the advocacy and mobilisation programmes of the newly established Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NiDCOM). “The Nigerians in Diaspora are also known to be engaged in skill transfer in ICT and industry. They are also active in our Universities as lecturers and in carrying out Medical Missions. “It is therefore my sincere hope that even with the depressed economy of the 2020 due to the corona virus pandemic, Nigerians in the diaspora will rise up to the occasion of not abandoning their country of origin, Nigeria. “But be active in our Post COVID-19 economic recovery efforts. My three point agenda for Nigerians in Diaspora remains the same and it is relevant at this auspicious occasion and I repeat them as follows: “You are our ambassador-at-large by your actions, comportment and character in your host countries. In whatever endeavor you do, you must excel and be the best, and lastly, do not forget home, Nigeria by giving back and engaging in its development,’’ he said. The President added that in his interactions with Nigerians in the Diaspora at the town hall meetings, he had been impressed with their support and contributions to the socio-economic development of Nigeria. (NAN) ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - ‎President Muhammadu Buhari has given reasons Nigerians in the Diaspora will still not be able to vote in Nigeria's elections from their bases abroad. One of the reasons he gave is that it would require a lot of logistics to be put in place first before… August 25, 2015 In "News" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has said that his administration is building a new Nigeria and that the effort requires the support and participation of its citizens both at home and abroad. The President said this on Tuesday at the Diaspora Day 2015 celebration with the theme ``Diaspora and Nigeria… August 25, 2015 In "News" By Kate Obande-Okewu Abuja -   The Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, has lauded the contributions of Nigerians in Diaspora to national development. Mustapha applauded them at the 2018 Diaspora Day titled, “Effective Engagement for National Development,’’ on Wednesday in Abuja. The event was organised… July 25, 2018 In "News"