Geneva  –  An advance team from the World Health Organisation (WHO) has left for China to organise an investigation into the origins of the novel coronavirus which sparked the global pandemic, a spokeswoman said on Friday. The virus is believed to have emerged in a wholesale market in the central Chinese city of Wuhan late 2019, since then closed, after jumping the species barrier from the animal kingdom to infect humans. “The two WHO experts, specialists in animal health and epidemiology, will work with Chinese scientists to determine the scope and itinerary of the investigation,’’ WHO spokeswoman Margaret Harris said, declining to name them. She told a briefing that they have gone, they are in the air now, they are the advance party that is to work out the scope. “This would involve negotiations on issues including the composition of the fuller team. “One of the big issues that everybody is interested in, and of course that’s why we’re sending an animal health expert, is to look at whether or not it jumped from species to a human and what species it jumped from. “We know it’s very, very similar to the virus in the bat, but did it go through an intermediate species? This is a question we all need answered,” Harris said. U.S. President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Michael Pompeo have said it may have originated in a laboratory in Wuhan, although they have presented no evidence for this and China strongly denies it. Scientists and U.S. intelligence agencies have said it emerged in nature. According to Lawrence Gostin, a professor at Georgetown Law in Washington, D.C., if there was wrongdoing and we may never know that for sure, it will be very hard to uncover. “The wet market was closed immediately. “There is no independent record, evaluation or investigation of a potential zoonotic source, so it will be very hard to go back and piece together,” he said. (Reuters/NAN) By Ifeanyi Nwoko Abuja - The People’s Republic of China says it is ready to step up collaboration with other countries and the World Health Organisation (WHO) toward tackling the spread of the coronavirus. It said that it was ready to deploy a team of experts to Italy to assist… March 11, 2020 In "Health" •An aerial view shows the P4 laboratory at the Wuhan Institute of Virology in Wuhan in China’s central Hubei province on April 17, 2020. Hector RETAMAL / AFP  Nestled in the hilly outskirts of Wuhan, the city at the heart of the coronavirus crisis, a Chinese high-security biosafety laboratory is… April 17, 2020 In "Foreign" ABUJA - Nigeria’s Consul General in Shanghai  Ayo Otepola has said that the decision of Team Nigeria to withdraw from the Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing, China, is in the ``best interest’’ of the country. Nigerian athletes, who are in China for the Youth Olympics, have been quarantined and barred… August 14, 2014 In "Sports"