Some traditional worshipers and Islamic leaders in a community clashed on Tuesday over the ownership of the corpse of a man who committed suicide in the Sagamu area of Ogun state. The deceased, Muhammed Jamiu, an electrician and father of one, reportedly killed himself in his room on Yakubu Habibu Street, Agura, Sabo, Sagamu, on Monday night. Reports have it that although the deceased was a Muslim, some traditionalists attempted to take possession of his remains shortly after the news filtered out. The traditionalists reportedly insisted that a ritual must be performed to avoid any repercussion of the death in the area. The Imam of Aduragbemi Mosque in Agura Sabo, where the deceased prayed before his death, Nurain Ilyas, said his members were shocked by Jamiu’s death. He noted that they became more worried when the traditional worshipers attempted to take over his corpse. Ilyas Said; “His name is Muhammadu Jamiu. He was 32 years of age. He was an electrician. He was married with one kid, but divorced many years ago. He was an easygoing person. He used to pray in my mosque and I always admonished him to make his faith stronger. I think he hanged himself. “The police came to inspect the scene after it happened on Monday night.” Ilyas said no suicide note was found around the scene of the incident. On the clash between the two religious groups, another Islamic leader, Imam Sonubi Dauda, said the matter was later taken to the palace of the traditional ruler in the area. According to him, representatives of the traditional worshipers requested contributions for a ritual to be performed. “They asked for about N150,000 before they reduced it to N25,000; but we refused and did not give them a dime. “We collected the key to the room where the man hanged himself from them. I don’t know their problem since the police had ordered that the corpse should be buried,” he added. Dauda said the man was later buried according to Islamic rites. Source By Abdul Razaq Ibrahim, Abeokuta An 82-year-old market women leader, Alhaja Saidat Elewuju, popularly referred to as Iyaloja General of Ijebuland in the Ogun east senatorial district has been assassinated by unknown assailants, who arrived her house located in OGD Estate at Itorin-Sabo in Ijebu-Ode. Iya Elewuju, who was said to… July 9, 2015 In "News" A Kogi University lecturer identified as Dr Jamiu Abdullahi, has been confirmed dead after he slumped at a hospital while awaiting his test result. The Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies’ lecturer who last collected his salary in February 2019, was reportedly unable to seek medical treatment for the High… July 5, 2019 In "Metro" By Abdul Razaq Ibrahim Operatives of the Special Anti Robbery Squad of the Ogun State Police Command have arrested an alleged Islamic cleric, Toafeek Ajisomo, 50; and two others for kidnapping a 11-year old, Aminat Ishola and later killed her after eight days in captivity. Sundiata Post gathered that the kidnappers… June 10, 2015 In "News"