Yvonne Orji earned herself her first-ever Emmy nomination for her role as Molly Carter in the series Insecure. The American-Nigerian actress was nominated in the category of outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series. After her nomination on Tuesday, July 28, she called her parents to inform them of the good news. “Mummy, daddy, I have good news.” Yvonne Orji began in Igbo. She went on to tell them that she had been nominated and shared her parents’ reaction with the world. She also happily told them that her co-star, Issa Rae was nominated for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series. The actress/comedian became emotional when her parents told her that they are proud of her. Three Hollywood actors of Nigerian descent got nominated for the Emmys 2020. Apart from Yvonne Orji, Uzo Aduba and Jovan Adepo were also nominated. Uzo Aduba was nominated for her role in Mrs America and Jovan Adepo was nominated for his role in Watchmen. Uzo Aduba has been nominated three other times for her work on Netflix’s “Orange Is The New Black”, and she won twice. Below is a video of Yvonne sharing the good news with her parents; @yvonneorji got her first-ever Emmy nomination and she filmed the moment she shared the good news with her parents. . The American-Nigerian actress spoke her native language, Igbo, as she informed her parents of her nomination. . She became emotional after her parents told her how proud they are. A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on Jul 29, 2020 at 2:44am PDT Source Nigerian-American actress Uzoamaka Nwaneka Aduba,33, definitely the rave-of-the-moment thespian picked up a plaque at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards. The actress who stars in hit series “Orange Is The New black” as ‘Crazy eyes’ bagged the Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series at the pre-Emmy award ceremony… August 19, 2014 In "Style" By Anita Eboigbe Abuja - Asian-American actress, Nora Lum aka Awkwafina and actor, Tom Hanks were among performers who made award history at the 77th Golden Globes. The Golden Globe Awards are accolades bestowed by the 93 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association beginning in January 1944, recognizing excellence in… January 6, 2020 In "Foreign" Max Von Sydows, a Swedish-French actor who appeared in more than 100 European and American tv series has died at the age of 90. The Swedish born actor, well known for his role as the three-eyed raven in Game of Thrones, died in France. Sydow previously married a Swedish actress… March 10, 2020 In "Foreign"