London  -Johnny Depp begins legal action against a British tabloid, on Tuesday, in a case that is likely to delve into the private lives of the Hollywood star, his ex-wife actress Amber Heard and a number of other well-known figures. Depp, the 57-year-old star of the “Pirates of the Caribbean” films, is suing the Sun’s publisher, News Group Newspapers and its Executive Editor, Dan Wootton, for libel over an article Wootton wrote in 2018, calling him a ‘wife beater’. The case, which will be heard at London’s High Court, is set to last for three weeks and both actors are expected to give evidence. The couple met on the set of the 2011 film “The Rum Diary” and married in February 2015. But she filed for divorce after just 15 months and days later obtained a restraining order against him. She accused him of physical abuse during their relationship, allegations he denies. Their divorce was finalised in 2017 when the restraining order was dismissed and Depp agreed to pay her a previously announced sum of $7 million. Last week, the Sun failed in a bid to have the libel case thrown out in spite of the judge concluding that Depp had not fully complied with a court order by not supplying details of mobile phone texts to his assistant, which the paper’s legal team said referred to obtaining drugs for the actor. The judge, Andrew Nicol, has also ruled that Heard, who is expected to attend the trial, can be in court to hear her ex-husband testify. In his judgements, Nicol has said the Sun would rely on witness statements from Heard and others, arguing that its stories were true. “In those articles, it is said, the defendants accused the claimant of multiple acts of physical violence against Ms Heard, some of which, it is alleged the articles said, put Ms Heard in fear of her life,’’ Nicol said. (Reuters/NAN) Australia -  An Australian Court let off the actress wife of Hollywood star, Johnny Depp, with a good behaviour bond on Monday after she pleaded guilty to falsifying travel documents. Amber Heard had falsified the travel documents to sneak two pet dogs into the country. Depp accompanied his wife, Heard,… April 18, 2016 In "Foreign" Los Angeles  -   Fox's "X-Men: Apocalypse" and Disney's "Alice Through the Looking Glass" squared off over Memorial Day weekend, but both blockbuster hopefuls emerged bruised from this box office clash of the titans. The latest X-Men adventure easily topped the weekend, earning an estimated 65 million dollars. It was… June 2, 2016 In "Foreign" The year began with rap making history at the Grammys as Childish Gambino’s “This is America” became the first hip hop track to win the ceremony’s top record and song of the year accolade. At the Oscars, “Green Book” took best film while Briton Olivia Colman beat presumed favourite Glenn… December 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"