Windhoek –   The Chinese government on Wednesday handed-over the second batch of medical supplies to aid Namibia combat the COVID-19 epidemic. The donation to Namibia’s Health Ministry, valued at 4.3 million Namibia dollars (260,000 dollars), included 5,000 disposable medical protective clothing, 15,000 face masks for medical use and 150,000 surgical masks. Others are 7,000 medical protective goggles, 7,000 disposable surgical gloves, and 3,000 shoe covers. Namibian Health Minister Kalumbi Shangula thanked China for the donation and for its technical support and capacity-building assistance. “Obtaining these supplies from the outside market has been very challenging due to travel bans and restrictions worldwide,” he said at a ceremony in Windhoek. Shangula said health workers and other frontline cadres are the most valuable assets in the fight and the technical support, capacity-building, and donations from China are highly appreciated. Chinese Ambassador to Namibia, Zhang Yiming, hopes the donated supplies will play an important role in Namibia’s fight against the epidemic at this critical moment. In April, Namibia received COVID-19 aid from the Chinese government and from the Jack Ma Foundation. Namibia has so far reported 960 confirmed cases of COVID-19, with two deaths and 31 recoveries. (Xinhua/NAN) By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The Federal Government will ensure proper distribution of the medical supplies brought by the team from China, in the fight to contain the spread of Coronavirus( COVID-19). NAN reports that the Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health On Wednesday received equipment and… April 9, 2020 In "Health" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The 18-member team of Chinese experts will be arriving soon with “globally scarce supplies” in the fight against the Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health, disclosed this on Monday in Abuja, at the Presidential Taskforce (PTF), briefing on COVID-19 in the country.… April 6, 2020 In "Health" The Consul General of the Consulate General of the Peoples’ Republic of China in Nigeria, Chu Maoming has disclosed that China is ever ready to work with Nigeria, including other African countries for the final victory over coronavirus, which to him, answers the question behind the arrival of his country’s… April 15, 2020 In "News"