Lusaka  –  Three lawmakers have tested positive for COVIID-19 at the country’s National Assembly, a senior official has said on Saturday. Cecilia Mbewe, Clerk of the National Assembly, said the three lawmakers were among 16 other staff and non-staff members who tested positive during testing conducted at the testing centre situated within the National Assembly premises. This brings the total number of lawmakers who tested positive to 19. She said in a statement that the National Assembly will continue to operate under strict guidelines as recommended by the ministry of health in order to manage the current situation and prevent the further spread of the virus. The assembly is implementing COVID-19 preventive measures with the sitting arrangement having been changed to ensure social distancing while members of the public are not being allowed to attend parliamentary sessions. Zambia has not been spared from the COVID-19 pandemic with the southern African nation so far recording 2,283 cases and 84 deaths. (Xinhua/NAN) No Nigerian senator has tested positive to the fast- spreading Coronavirus, an official has said. Ibrahim Oloriegbe, the chairman of the Senate Committee on Health (Secondary and Tertiary), made this known to journalists during a press briefing on Tuesday. This was in reaction to reports that some senators and members… March 24, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - House of Representatives has debunked the debunked news making rounds that over 50 Lawmakers tested positive to Coronavirus. The House of Reps described the report as "fake news" and "gross misinformation" and called on the public to disregard the baseless rumour. Recall that… July 8, 2020 In "News" By DEUKU JOEL DAMATURU - A member of Yobe State House of Assembly who is suspected to have tested positive for COVID-19 has refused to be isolated at the state isolation facility. A hospital source informed that the member was rushed to the General Sani Abacha Specialist Hospital and was… May 5, 2020 In "News"