Pretoria –   A total of 7,021 South African police officers have tested positive to COVID-19 while 53 have passed away, the Police Minister, Bheki Cele, said on Wednesday. Cele said at a news conference, on plans to combat COVID-19 and compliance, in Pretoria that 4,949 police officers have been quarantined while 150 have been hospitalised. “This pandemic is indiscriminate, no one is immune; it even attacks those entrusted with protecting us. “A number of justice, crime prevention and security cluster officials have tested positive. “The good news is that many of them have fully recovered and are back in the front line serving their communities,’’ he said. The minister mentioned that 3,688 cases of COVID-19 have been recorded in South African jails including the 1,485 inmates and 2,203 prison warders. Among them, 15 inmates and 31 officials have died of COVID-19. He called for all to cooperate to flatten the COVID-19 curve. “It is the same for all of us South Africans; if we are responsible, if we do respect one another, if we work with those serving us during this pandemic, we will overcome it. “We will break its transmission. “As the president has told us, the answer is in our hands,’’ Cele said. He said the Police would intensify patrols, roadblocks, stop and search to ensure compliance with social distancing and other lockdown regulations. A total of 298,292 cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in South Africa. Government has imposed further measures including reinstating curfew to flatten the curve of the pandemic. (Xinhua/NAN) South Sudan’s Vice President, Riek Machar and his wife Angelina Teny, who is the defence minister have both tested positive for COVID-19. The announcement was made on Monday by Dr Machar who said that he and his wife had contracted the virus after interacting with infected members of the High-Level… May 19, 2020 In "Foreign" Moscow - The wave of mass protests against racism and police violence has not resulted in a significant increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in the U.S., media reported, citing preliminary studies.In Minnesota, which is the epicentre of the protests, 1.8 per cent of 3,200 protesters, who tested for… June 19, 2020 In "Foreign" The Nation reports that one of the four suspects arraigned for killing Mrs Funke Olakunrin, daughter of Pa Fasoranti, has tested positive for COVID-19. The four suspects were arraigned last Friday and remanded to a Correctional facility in Owo. Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, who confirmed this in a tweet… April 26, 2020 In "News"