By Rita Iliya Minna  –  Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger says government has noticed with dismay that people no longer follow established safety protocols against COVID-19, especially wearing of face mask in public places, which he says is unacceptable. He made the observation during a news briefing after meeting with the state’s Task Force Committee on COVID-19 in Minna. According to him, there shall be reinforced strict adherence to safety protocols of wearing face mask, hand-washing, use of sanitisers and maintenance of physical distancing. He said “all forms of mass gathering occasioned by the ease of lockdown are hereby proscribed, and there shall be reinvigorated curfew from 10 p.m. till 4 a.m.” He directed the state’s ministries of Information, Health and relevant MDAs to embark on sensitisation on the need to observe the protocols to curtail spread of the virus. He said there should be caution, especially in markets, motor parks, places of worship and other public places. He directed that all access to government house and other government offices should be restricted except for those on essential services. The governor directed security agencies to strictly enforce compliance, adding that violators of the directives would be prosecuted by mobile courts. The governor directed the Ministry of Health to ensure that all deaths were tested for COVID-19 at the nearest health facility for burial protocol. He disclosed that the state recorded 166 cases of COVID-19, discharged 113, with nine deaths. He said the 11 affected local government areas include; Bida, Borgu, Bosso, Chanchaga, Kontagora, Mariga. (NAN) By Isaiah Eka Uyo -The Akwa Ibom Government says 52 persons with active cases of coronavirus are currently in isolation centres across the state.Dr Emmanuel Ekuwem, the Secretary to the State Government and Chairman of the COVID-19 Committee, made this known on Tuesday in Uyo. Ekuwem said that the state… July 22, 2020 In "Health" By Chidi Opara Owerri - The Chairman of Imo State TaskForce on COVID-19, Prof. Maurice Iwu, says it is criminal for people not to wear face mask considering the way COVID-19 pandemic is spreading recently. Iwu made the assertion on Tuesday in Owerri while briefing newsmen on the recent activities… July 14, 2020 In "News" By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - The Lagos State Government says it will start charging face mask defaulters to court from next week, as the period of grace was over. Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu said this while briefing newsmen on the update of the COVID-19 management in the state on Friday. Sanwo-Olu… July 4, 2020 In "News"