A pro-Governor Godwin Obaseki group, the Concerned Edo Citizens Forum (CECF), has kicked against conducting the June 22 governorship primary election of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) using direct method that will involve voting by all members of the party in the eighteen local government areas of the state. The group, on Friday in Benin, through its Convener, Roy Oribhabor, and the Secretary, Osamwonyi Ibude, cited the possibility of the spread of the deadly Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) as the reason for kicking against direct primary in Edo APC. The National Working Committee (NWC) of APC, led by Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, a former Edo governor, revealed in Abuja on Thursday that direct governorship primary would be considered in Edo, in order to give all members of the party a sense of belonging and to also allow them to exercise their franchise. The forum said: “As concerned citizens, we are seriously worried about the political activities in Edo State, because of the coronavirus pandemic. It is on record that the deadly virus has no respect for status and positions, hence our worries. “We hereby call on all political parties in Nigeria contesting the governorship election in Edo State to consider mode of primary that will help reduce the spread and potency of coronavirus pandemic in the state. “We are first Edo people before election. Therefore, direct method of primary election is not advisable at this time of COVID-19 pandemic.” The pro-Obaseki group also hailed President Muhammadu Buhari for the mechanism employed so far to arrest the killer virus on rampage and ravaging the entire World without reliable cure and vaccine for now. It will be recalled that Obaseki, of APC, is seeking re-election, while some chieftains of the party in Edo have also indicated interest to be part of the governorship primary battle, ahead of the September 19 election, while the governor’s first tenure will end on November 12 this year. The Nation By Patrick Ochoga Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The seeming quest for peace among the warring factions of Edo All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, following President Muhammadu Buhari’s intervention, appears to be hanging on the cliff. What would have been a major political calamity in the ruling All Progressives… March 22, 2020 In "Politics" As the fallout between Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State and his predecessor Adams Oshiomhole deepens, the latest move from the Oshiomhole camp is said to involve a plot to impeach Obaseki. Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is said to have intimated to some of… July 10, 2019 In "Politics" The count down to the showdown has reached the stage of “to be or not to be” as the protracted battle between Governor Godwin Obaseki and the national chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, for the soul of Edo State intensifies. Governor Obaseki has vowed to take charge… January 8, 2020 In "Politics"