One of the governorship aspirant in Ondo state, Mrs Jumoke Ajasin-Anifowose has distanced herself from a publication that stated that some aspirants in the Unity Forum have agreed to cede the governorship to Ondo North senatorial district. The Unity Forum headed Alhaji Alli Olanusi has vowed to unseat Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu but the forum has been unable to agree on a consensus aspirant as over 12 APC chieftains in the forum have indicated interest to contest. Dr Segun Abraham who is one of the governorship aspirant had in a statement he signed alongside nine aspirants under the Unity Forum said they agreed to support aspirant from Ondo North. But Mrs Anifowose whose name appeared as one of the signatories in the statement expressed surprise that her name could be used as signatory without her consent. Anifowose condemned the act and called for immediate rejoinder of the publication. Her words, “I didn’t participate in the decision of the meeting as published. If I didn’t, I wonder why my name should be included as a signatory to same “Whoever is responsible for this, should please go back to the press and make necessary correction. Exactly what you blamed Dr Abraham for is what you have resorted to. “I am for a strong and peaceful APC of which the Stakeholders in the unity forum are part and parcel”. Mrs Anifowose however called for a common front at ensuring victory for the APC in the October 10, 2020 date as announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). The Nation A supposed formidable group of the All Progressives Congress in Ondo State that is bent on stopping the second term re-election of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has been enmeshed in crisis over where to zone the governorship seat to. Over 12 governorship aspirants in the Unity Forum are either from Ondo… May 7, 2020 In "Politics" By Aderemi Bamgbose Igbokoda (Ondo State) - Mr Banji Okunomo, a former Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, has emerged the sole governorship aspirant from Ilaje Local Government Area of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the development is ahead of… May 7, 2020 In "Politics" By Aderemi Bamgbose Okitipupa (Ondo State) - Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District at the National Assembly, has predicted that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) would defeat the current All Progressives Congress (APC) admistration in the state 2020 gubernatorial election. Sen. Tofowomo in a statement by his media… December 31, 2019 In "Politics"