According to Daily Trust, the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Idi Aba, Abeokuta, Ogun State, was thrown into panic on Saturday after a pregnant woman was said to have died from Covid-19 complications at the hospital. It was gathered that the deceased, who was tested for COVID – 19 alongside two others – a male and a female, died while awaiting result of the test. A reliable source said when results of the trio returned, two tested positive, a male and the expectant mother who died, while the other female reportedly tested negative. Daily Trust gathered that the pregnant woman who had visited the obstetrics and gynaecology unit of the facility, was said to have been moved from one ward to the other before her death. The other patient had been reportedly transferred to Ogun COVID – 19 isolation centre at Ikenne, while the deceased’s body was said to have been deposited at the FMC mortuary. It was further that the development thrown the facility into panic as no fewer four medical personnel had contact with the victims. “As of now, no medical personnel has been quarantined but at least four of them had contact with the victims,” the source said. When contacted, the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the FMC, Segun Orisajo, said, via SMS, “I am not in the position presently to confirm or otherwise of your request. Kindly hold on till tomorrow when the Management will make known its official response after due observance of laid down protocols on such a matter.” On her part, the State Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker while responding to enquiry, said, “I am aware of the unfortunate demise of an obstetric patient at FMC. However, I am yet to receive a report from the clinical team at FMC.” Source The management of the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital has accused a professor of medicine on its staff of conniving to conceal from his colleagues vital information on a suspected case of COVID-19 who died at the hospital last week. The federal facility said the suspected case had been on… April 5, 2020 In "News" Sun News reports that a patient who was recently discharged at the Federal Medical Centre, Owo in Ondo State has tested positive for COVID 19. It was gathered that the result conducted for her was released after she had been discharged from the hospital. The patient, according to a reliance… April 29, 2020 In "Metro" By Sunday John Lafia - The Nasarawa State Government has advised residents not to panic over suspected cases of coronavirus reported at the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Keffi. Ahmed Yahaya, the State Commissioner for Health, gave the advice while briefing newsmen on Friday in Lafia. According to him, the advice… March 20, 2020 In "News"