Dr. Ya’u Usman Idris has been appointed as the Director-General of Nigeria Nuclear Regulatory Authority (NNRC) by President Muhammadu Buhari. Minister of State for Petroleum (HMSP) Timipre Sylva announced the appointment of Dr. Idris in a statement signed by Garba Deen Muhammad, Group General Manager and SA Media to the Minister. Sylva congratulated the new DG even as he urged him to work hard. Confirming his appointment on his Twitter page, the Minister wrote: “The Honourable Minister of State for Petroleum (HMSP) H.E. Timipre Sylva has today, 28/05/2020, disclosed the appointment of Dr. Ya’u Usman Idris as the Director-General of Nigeria Nuclear Regulatory Authority (NNRC). “In a letter conveying the approval of President Muhammadu Buhari for the appointment, the HMSP congratulated the new DG and urged him to work hard to justify the confidence reposed in him. “The appointment is with effect from 19th February 2019.” Source PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - The appointment of Dr. Dakuku Peterside, the Rivers APC flag-bearer in the 2015 general elections, as the new Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime and Safety Agency (NIMASA) has been hailed by the Rivers State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), which described it as… March 11, 2016 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Dr. Gambo Gumel Aliyu as the Director-General, National Agency for the Control of Aids (NACA). The appointment is for an initial term of four years in line with the provision of Section 8, Sub-Section (4) of National Agency… July 2, 2019 In "Top Stories" L-R: Hon. Chudi Offodile, new Executive Director, Finance and Administration; Outgoing Executive Director Operations, Engr. Rotimi Fashakin; Shehu Ahmed, new Executive Director, Operations; Outgoing Director General Dr Dakuku Peterside; new Director General, NIMASA, Dr Bashir Jamoh; Outgoing Executive Director, Cabotage Services, Ahmed Gambo; and new Executive Director, Cabortage Services; Hon.… March 10, 2020 In "NIMASA & Maritime"