It has been reported that the Montenegrin police recently detained a Serbian Orthodox bishop and seven priests suspected of violating lockdown measures against the novel coronavirus. The religious leaders reportedly violated the lockdown order by organising a procession, prosecutors said Wednesday. According to the Agence France Presse, AFP, several thousand people took part in the procession held Tuesday evening in the northwestern town of Niksic to celebrate Saint Basil, an important local Orthodox saint. Police detained Niksic Bishop Joanikije and seven priests who were remanded in custody for 72 hours. They are accused of “failing to comply with health regulations to combat a dangerous infectious disease,” a prosecutors’ statement said. The eight “violated the ban on public gatherings and organized a religious service in the streets of Niksic, attended by a large number of citizens,” the statement said. If found guilty they face up to 12 years in jail. Lockdown measures were eased this week in the Balkan nation allowing mass to be held in churches. Believers have to respect social distancing measures and wear facial masks. The country of 620,000 people has recorded a total of 324 people infected with the disease and nine deaths. The Serbian Orthodox Church, whose seat is in Belgrade, is Montenegro’s main religious body although the country split from Serbia in 2006 after nearly 90 years. Ties between the SPC and the authorities led by President Milo Djukanovic, who has been in power for nearly three decades, became strained after the adoption of a controversial religious freedom law in December. The law could see a large number of monasteries held by the SPC become state property. Source •This photo taken and handout by the Vatican Media on April 11, 2020 shows Pope Francis holding the Holy Book of Prayers during Easter’s Holy Saturday Vigil held behind closed doors at St. Peter’s Basilica in the Vatican on April 11, 2020 during the lockdown aimed at curbing the spread… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" No less than 39 persons at a strip club who violated the lockdown order in Lagos state, have been arrested by the Police in the state. In a statement on Sunday, Bala Elkana, Lagos police public relations officer, said those who violated the lockdown order were arrested between April 21… April 27, 2020 In "News" Following the arrest of over 30 footballers in Kano over breach of lockdown order, the Kano State Police Command has also apprehended 15 Imams for disobeying the order. Kano Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Abdullahi Haruna confirmed the arrest to the Nation on phone, he said that they were arrested… April 22, 2020 In "News"