The real reason why President Muhammadu Buhari refused to approve the N15 billion request by the Kano State governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, to fight Coronavirus in the state has been revealed. Recall that the president had in March approved N10billion and N5billion to Lagos and Ogun states respectively to support the fight against Coronavirus. However, Ganduje had requested for similar financial support to the tune of N15billion from the Federal Government to fight the spread of the virus in the state a few days after the state started recording coronavirus cases which was turned down. Giving reasons for the refusal of the request, senior presidential adviser on media and publicity, Femi Adesina speaking on a Wazobia FM’s live Radio chat, ‘As E Dey Hot’, monitored in Kano on Thursday, said the President turned down governors request for simply prioritising money over preliminary proactive logistics. According to him, the Federal Government decided to offer Lagos and Ogun financial assistance after having been convinced that these states had rolled out plans and mobilized their resources to fight the virus. He added that Lagos State only requested for technical, manpower and facility support from the Federal Government, not financial support. Thus, according to him, the Buhari government felt obliged to lend a financial hand not because it asked for, but because it was convinced it should. Mr Adesina further explained that all the governors directly asking for money at the start of their COVID-19 crisis may not get it. “They said it didn’t take 30 days for Lagos to get support, no! It was the work that Lagos was doing that the Federal Government saw and said this state needs help and then helped Lagos State [with N10billion]. “Any other state that is also doing its work and is not grumbling, is not complaining and is not saying ‘bring money, bring money’, the Federal Government will do all that is necessary to assist [that state with the same financial support as Lagos State]. “Technical support is very important and Lagos State brought technical support before it got financial support. “That was why the president sent technical support to Kano State, which the government felt was what the state needed most at that material time.” Source •Kano State Governor Abdullahi Ganduje By William Clowes and Mustapha Adamu •Presidential task force pins extra deaths on coronavirus Rising cases of unexplained deaths have put Kano at the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak in Nigeria. Local news reports citing cemetery workers that emerged last month revealed a spike in… May 6, 2020 In "Features" Kano State Governor, Umar Ganduje, has called for compliance with the lockdown in state two days after asking the Federal Government to ease the restriction, The PUNCH reports. President Buhari had in a nationwide broadcast on Monday ordered a total lockdown in the state as part of measures to curb… May 3, 2020 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday sent a team to Kano State as part of efforts to contain COVID-19 cases in the state, The PUNCH reports. The team met with state Governor, Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, on the directive of Buhari. The Chief Press Secretary to Governor, Abba Anwar, in a statement,… April 29, 2020 In "News"