Bisi Alimi has slammed Simi for being homophobic Nigerian LGBT activist, Bisi Alimi is not happy with musician, Simi and has taken to social media to slam her for preaching against hate while being homophobic. Simi had taken to her Twitter page to condemn hate crimes among blacks, stating that it is one thing to hate someone for being different than you but wondered how one does not value someone else who is like them. She wrote: “And we have our own people killing us in the streets and it has become so normal now. It’s almost more abhorrent. As fucked as it is, it is one thing for people to be intimidated by and hate you for being different, but how do you not value someone the exact same as you?” This didn’t go down well with Bisi Alimi who responded that Simi is a hypocrite for sympathising with abroad blackness while ‘promoting local homophobic violence against their own’. He wrote: “There is a name you call the #Nigeria middle/upper class elites that sympathise with abroad blackness but promote local homophobic violence against there own #LGBT; hypocrites. The @SympLySimi of this world. You are a disgrace.” Source Ekiti state - Governor kayode Fayemi of Ekiti state, alongside his wife have taken to social media to gush about each other over the anniversary of their marriage.   Ekiti governor Kayode Fayemi paid homage to his wife, Bisi on Twitter today. The couple has been together for 30 years. “‘Labisi,… September 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" Perri Shakes-Drayton, the wife of Big Brother Naija housemate, Mike has reacted after Tacha rained insults on her husband. The drama occurred just after the Saturday night party in the Big Brother House. While they were in the changing room, Tacha picked on Mike and other guys for getting drunk… July 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" Controversies trailing the incarceration of Nigerian street music rapper, Azeez Fashola, a.k.a Naira Marley, following a Federal High Court’s order to remand him in prison pending the consideration of his bail application on May 30, 2019, are beginning to get messy as a fan has threatened to assassinate Ruggedman and… May 23, 2019 In "News"