A Nigerian born again Christian has shared a “revelation” she got from God about use of perfumes and deodorants. According to the Mugechi Monika, people get tormented by demons when they use perfumes and there is a spirit of pride in people who use perfumes and deodorants because some of the items are dedicated to the demons after production. Her lengthy post reads; Grace,peace and mercy unto you all my brethren who are reading this post. I once said that I will share a revelation,that God gave to me concerning the use of perfumes and deodorants. I delayed in sharing the dream as I was waiting for the Lord to give me a confirmation in His word. In my dream, I was sleeping and a demon came upon my shoulder and started irritating me. I tried to rebuke it in the name of Jesus Christ but it would not leave. I tried to quote scripture but it would not stop irritating me and it even started irritating my armpit. The Lord gave me understanding that the demon was tormenting me because of the deodorant I use. Then in my mind I made up my mind to stop using deodorants and then my dream ended. Let’s examine the scriptures; And it shall come to pass that in stead of sweet smell there shall be a stink and instead of a girdle a rent and instead of well set hair baldness and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth and burning instead of beauty.(Isaiah 3;24) Here we see that,the Lord is angry with the sweet smell coming from perfumes that the women of Jerusalem are using. I have heard of testimonies from former members of the occult who were married to mermaids. Each one of them testifies that on summoning the mermaids their presence would be detected by the smell of perfume. There’s a spirit of pride in people who use perfumes and deodorants and even some types of lotions as some of these things after manufacturing are dedicated to demons. From my personal experience when I used to use deodorants,I had a sensation of pride. In Exodus 30;22-31 God tells Moses to make a sacred annointing oil and the pure sweet-smelling incense mixed like perfume. After the the instruction God warned Moses never to make any other like it and that it should not be poured upon any man’s flesh because it is Holy and it’s only consecrated to the Lord. Upon man’s flesh shall it not be poured neither shall ye make any other like it,after the composition of it,it is Holy and it shall be holy unto you.(Exodus 30;32) In Proverbs 7;17 talks about the prostitute and how she uses perfume to seduce men. And that’s the purpose of perfumes,deodrants and some lotions for a seductive spirit is attached to them. As Christians we should be clean and neat but we are warned to abstain from things that defile us,things sacrifficed to idols. If you doubt this truth,go boldly before the throne and ask God to reveal it to you. Source By Our Reporters   Abakaliki   -      Some prominent Nigerians on Tuesday appealed to Nigerians to continue to live in peace and tolerance as Christians celebrates Christmas. In their separate statements, they advised the people to be their brothers’ keepers so that the country would witness giant strides in all fields… December 25, 2018 In "News" "How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, Morning Star, Son of the Dawn! How art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations!"- Isaiah 14.12. On 4th May 2018 Mr. Layefa Walter wrote the following: "Please don't forget that it was under Buhari’s watch that Nigeria… May 12, 2018 In "Opinion" The General Overseer, Divine Hand of God Prophetic Ministries International, Prophet Emmanuel Omale has allayed fears by some Nigerians over the possibility of the country breaking up or going into another civil war. Speaking in Abuja, the prophecy claimed that Jesus Christ told him “one-on-one” that Nigeria will not only… September 23, 2017 In "Top Stories"