A federal high court in Abuja has ruled that the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) acted unlawfully by collecting import duty on items that are meant for personal use. This was the judgement delivered by John Tsoho, chief judge of the federal high court, on Wednesday in a suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/1113/2019. Kehinde Ogunwumiju, a senior advocate of Nigeria (SAN), instituted the suit after officers of the NSC demanded and collected import duty and other related charges from him in respect of his personal effect (a Louis Vuitton laptop bag) found in his baggage at Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport, Abuja on June 24, 2019. Ogunwumiju, through his lawyer Tunde Adejumo, argued that pursuant to the provisions of section 8 of the Customs, Excise Tariff, etc. (Consolidation) Act and the 2nd Schedule to the Customs, Excise Tariff, etc. (Consolidation) Act, it was unlawful for the NCS to have collected N156, 955. 20k as import duty on his personal items. Delivering judgment, the judge held that the customs ought not to charge import duty on goods contained in a passenger’s baggage, provided that the said goods are not intended for sale, barter or exchange, and that they are personal and household effects. The judge held that the plaintiff (Ogunwumiju) established evidence to show that the items found in his baggage by the officers of the NCS were meant for his personal use. He said: “The defendants having failed to establish via evidence that the said bag found in the Plaintiff’s baggage was meant for sale, exchange or barter, there was no legal basis upon which the officers of the Nigerian Customs Service demanded and collected import duty and other related charges from the plaintiff in respect of the said bag.” The judge, therefore, ordered the NCS to refund the N156, 955. 20k collected as import duty to Ogunwumiju. He also ordered the NSC to pay N5 million as exemplary damages to the plaintiff. Source Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The absence of Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke on Monday stalled hearing of a suit by MTN Nigeria against the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) challenging the legality of N242 billion and $1.3 billion import duties and withholding tax assessment. Hearing of pending applications in the suit could… December 3, 2018 In "Top Stories" LAGOS - The National Association of Government Approved Freight Forwarders (NAGAFF) on Tuesday said the Federal Government and port operators lost about N40 billion to the 11-day strike which crippled Apapa Port in last month. This is contained in a statement made available to newsmen in Lagos by the Public… December 2, 2014 In "Business" By Aisha Cole Lagos - The Apapa Area 1 Command of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) generated N404 billion in 2018, up from the N350.9 billion it generated during the same period in 2017. The Customs Area Controller of the command, Comptroller Bashir Abubakar, made this known while briefing newsmen… February 8, 2019 In "News"