A Nigerian immigration lawyer. Titi Adeyemo has died of the COVID-19 coronavirus after days of hospitalisation in a London hospital. Ovation magazine publisher, Dele Momodu, expressed shock over the death in social media posts on Saturday. “Rest in Peace BARRISTER TITI ADEYEMO… I’m just speechless!” the celebrity journalist wrote along with a picture of him and the deceased. Rest in Peace BARRISTER TITI ADEYEMO… I'm just speechless! A post shared by  CHIEF DR DELE MOMODU (@delemomoduovation) on May 2, 2020 at 7:56am PDT A member of the Nigerian community in the UK, Dayo Olomu who is a motivational speaker, also paid tribute to the dead. “Barrister Titi Adeyemo, a leading immigration lawyer in UK and one of my big sisters in the community who helped me to retrieve my British passport when I discovered that a crook has stolen my identity and obtained a British passport in my name, died of COVID-19 yesterday. “I am so shocked and devastated. May the Lord grant her eternal rest and grant her family the fortitude to bear the loss,” Mr Olomu wrote in a Facebook post on Saturday. Source A prominent Nigerian doctor in the United Kingdom, UK, Dr Alfa Saadu has died of Coronavirus after treating many patients suffering from the disease. Dr Alfa Saadu’s death was announced on Facebook by former Senate President, Bukola Saraki. The Facebook post shared by Saraki to mourn Dr Saadu reads: “Inalilahi… April 1, 2020 In "News" •Mohammed Babandede ABUJA - The Comptroller-General of Immigration, Muhammed Babandede, has tested positive for coronavirus. The CG, who disclosed this in a WhatsApp message to Punch correspondent this morning (Sunday), explained that he is already on self-isolation since he returned from the United Kingdom on March 22. The PUNCH later… March 29, 2020 In "Top Stories" People who are able to go to the hospital on time stand a better chance of surviving, but the thing is that they are asking people to self-quarantine because since it’s a virus, it will run its course and go by itself. Where it becomes complicated for many people is… April 5, 2020 In "Health"