Late April 2020, over 600 people died mysteriously in Kano state, now over 100 people are said to have died within the last ten days in Hadejia Local Government Area of Jigawa state. This was made known by the Special Assistant to the Local Council Chairman on Media, Sani Kakabori on Channels Television. According to the Special Assistant, an average of ten people mostly above the ages of fifty dies everyday for the last ten days, in the local government. The cause of death remains unknown, leading the state government to establish a five man committee to investigate the issue and recommend appropriate actions. The deaths have led to widespread fears that there might be community spread of the coronavirus in the state. Just recently, the leader of the Presidential Task Force committee on coronavirus (COVID-19) has revealed that the mysterious deaths in Kano state was caused by the virus. Dr Nasiru Sani Gwarzo who spoke on Sunday, said the recent deaths from the test carried out established that Coronavirus (COVID-19) was the cause. tori.ng  •Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, Governor of Kano State • Undertakers express concern• Families of victims speak• We’re investigating – Health commissioner• Nothing like mass deaths – COVID-19 task force• ‘Burials not unusual’ KANO - the Over 150 people who reportedly died in Kano between Friday and Saturday last week have been… April 22, 2020 In "News" Former Kano state governor, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has written to President Muhammadu Buhari following the rising number of mysterious deaths in Kano state. He titled the letter: ‘COVID-19 and the rising incidences of mysterious deaths in Kano state: a call on the federal government for urgent action to save… April 27, 2020 In "News" According to Punch Metro, Kano State has continued to witness a rise in unusual deaths as over 12 persons were confirmed dead on Saturday. The deceased include professors, a newspaper editor, and other professionals. They were buried at different cemeteries within and outside the metropolis. Within the past eight days… April 26, 2020 In "News"