Many persons were reportedly killed during a communal conflict in Tigno town in Lamurde local government area of Adamawa state. NAN quoted residents as saying the violence, which began on Friday, followed a misunderstanding between two warring groups in the area. It was not immediately clear the cause of the misunderstanding but it was learnt that an accident in the area had pitched one of the tribes against some residents. Many houses, shops including a filling station were also burnt down during the clash, according to residents. Sulaiman Nguroje, spokesman of Adamawa police command, confirmed the attacks, saying about 30 residents have been rescued from the area. He told NAN that though Ahmadu Fintiri, governor of the state, visited the community on Friday, they were unable to access the affected area as a result of heavy gunshots. “Even though, the governor and security chiefs convoy did not enter the town due to the heavy gunshots they were at the area for almost three hours,” Nguroje was quoted as saying. “We rescued about 30 people to Lafiya internally displaced persons camp and the number of casualties is yet to be ascertained.” He said normalcy has been restored in the community after the commissioner of police deployed some security personnel in the area.  Barely 24 hours after suspected members of Boko Haram sect dislodged the National Police Mobile Training Camp in Limankara village of Gwoza Local Government Area of Borno state, another set of heavy terrorists stormed Pulka village of Gwoza and sacked the whole community before hoisting their black and white flags… August 23, 2014 In "News" This article is part of my periodic evaluation of the Boko Haram war in Nigeria as a Political Scientist and I will be focusing on the successes and struggles of the Nigerian soldiers this year, 2020 based on secondary sources of data. It should be noted that Boko Haram began… January 20, 2020 In "News" Garkida, a community in Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State is currently under attack by the Boko Haram sect. Sources say scores have been killed in the attack which started at about 5pm Nigerian time. Many residents have gone into hiding, while whereabouts of hundreds of others is yet… July 27, 2014 In "News"