LAGOS – Lagos State is considering the full re-opening of the critical sectors of its economy, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu revealed on Sunday. But the move will not be pushed in a hurry. In the coming days, Sanwo-Olu said the State Government would be rolling out Register-to-Open initiative as part of the plans that would enable it assess the level of readiness of the players in the identified sectors for supervised operations. The governor spoke at a briefing after the State’s Security Council meeting held at the State House in Marina. Sanwo-Olu said officials from the Lagos State Safety Commission and Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency will be visiting restaurants, companies, religious houses to assess their level of readiness. With the size of the State’s economy and numbers of businesses that operate in its domain, the Governor said the Government could not afford to keep people and businesses on lockdown permanently. He said: “We are at a level where we are reviewing the other arms of the economy. “In the coming days, we will be starting what we call Register-to-Open, which means all players in the restaurant business, event centres, entertainment, malls and cinemas will go through a form of re-registration and space management. “There is a regulation that will be introduced to supervise this move. “We will be coming to their facilities to assess their level of readiness for a future opening. “I don’t know when that opening will happen in the weeks ahead, but we want these businesses to begin to tune themselves to the reality of COVID-19 with respect to how their work spaces need to look like. “For us, it is not to say they should re-open fully tomorrow or any time; there has be a process guiding the re-opening. “We will be mandating LASEPA and Safety Commission to begin the enumeration process and the agencies will be communicating with all relevant businesses and houses in the days ahead. “I must, however, caution that this should not be misinterpreted as a licence for full opening; it is certainly not. “The State’s economy is not ready for that now.” Sanwo-Olu said the Government agencies also would be visiting places of worship to evaluate their level of preparedness ahead of full reopening.(TheEagleonline) L-R: Director, Centre for International Advanced and Professional Studies, Prof. Anthony Kila; Special Adviser to the Governor on Works and Infrastructure, Engr. Aramide Adeyoye; Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Member House of Representatives, Epe Federal Constituency, Hon. Wale Raji; Deputy General Manager, Lagos State Infrastructure Maintenance and Regulatory Agency (LASIMRA), Engr. Bisoye… January 15, 2020 In "News" By Egbogota Clara     Lagos    -         The All Progressives Congress (APC) Governorship Candidate, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu has promised to run an all-inclusive government if elected, by carrying everyone along. Sanwo-Olu made the promise on Sunday at a special prayer session organised by the Nasrul-Lahil-il-Fath… December 9, 2018 In "News" Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Monday issued a strong warning to those bent on attacking law enforcement agents. Harsh punishment, Sanwo-Olu vowed, awaits anyone who attacks men of the State’s law enforcement agencies in the line of duty. The Governor sent the warning on Monday at the residence… December 2, 2019 In "News"