Berlin  – Timo Werner is becoming a more complete player and is now tougher to defend against, RB Leipzig coach Julian Nagelsmann said on Sunday. His coments came after the forward’s hat-trick in a 5-0 romp at Mainz. It was the 24-year-old Germany forward’s second hat-trick in a row against Mainz, having also netted a treble in an 8-0 home win in November. His 24 goals in the Bundesliga this season are his highest tally, following the 21 he scored in the 2016/2017 campaign. “Timo Werner now feels comfortable not only on the wing but also in the number 10 position. “Coupled with his speed, this makes him more dynamic and even harder to mark for his opponents,” Nagelsmann told a news conference after Werner’s third league hat-trick of the season. Werner has a contract with RB Leipzig until 2023, but media reports say he can leave for 60 million euros (65.8 million dollars) in the next window. Bayern Munich were interested in him last year but a deal never materialized, as the German champions turned their focus to Germany winger Leroy Sane of Manchester City. English Premier League leaders Liverpool and Chelsea are among European clubs also said to be after him, and Werner said this month that a move abroad was more likely. RB Leipzig, who moved back up to third with the thumping win over Mainz, still think they can keep him. He impressed in the UEFA Champions League last 16 win over Tottenham Hotspur as the Red Bulls made the quarter-finals for the first time. They now look well-placed to return to Europe’s top competition next season having got over three draws in a row. “We played very well from the first minute and kept the pressure on the whole game,” Werner said. “We wanted to secure the important three points —- which helps for UEFA Champions League qualification next season,” Werner added, seemingly playing down the chances of a late title charge with leaders Bayern Munich seven points ahead with seven games left. (dpa/NAN) The reigning champions have opted against taking a Premier League title winner with them to Russia, but Manuel Neuer is included after injury issues Reigning champions Germany have made the stunning decision to leave Manchester City winger Leroy Sane out of their squad for World Cup 2018. The 22-year-old is… June 4, 2018 In "Sports" Goretzka Fires Germany to The Final June 30, 2017 In "Sports" Berlin - Bayern Munich recovered from a goal down to demolish Werder Bremen 6-1 on Saturday, as they arrested a form slump which had seen them lose their last two league games. They looked ragged for most of the first half and went behind when Werder Bremen’s Milot Rashica turned… December 14, 2019 In "Sports"