Los Angeles  –  “Full House” actress Lori Loughlin and her husband have agreed to plead guilty to U.S. charges they conspired to fraudulently secure their daughter’s admission to the University of Southern California, federal prosecutors said on Thursday. Loughlin, 55, and her husband, fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli, 56, have agreed to serve two months and five months in prison, respectively, under plea agreements filed in federal court in Boston. They are expected to plead guilty on Friday to conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud. Loughlin and Giannulli also agreed to pay fines of $150,000 and $250,000, respectively. U.S. Attorney Andrew Lelling in a statement said the plea deals ensure “these defendants will serve prison terms reflecting their respective roles in a conspiracy to corrupt the college admissions process.” Their lawyers declined to comment. Loughlin and Giannulli are among 53 people charged with participating in a scheme where wealthy parents conspired with a California college admissions consultant to use bribery and fraud to secure their children’s admission to top schools. The consultant, William “Rick” Singer, pleaded guilty last year to facilitating cheating on college entrance exams and using bribery to secure the admission of parents’ children to schools as fake athletic recruits. Prosecutors allege Loughlin and Giannulli agreed with Singer to pay $500,000 in bribes to have their two daughters named as fake University of Southern California rowing team recruits. The couple had been scheduled to face trial in October alongside other parents. Their lawyers previously contended they believed their money was being used for university donations. By Friday, 24 of the 36 parents charged will have pleaded guilty, including “Desperate Housewives” star Felicity Huffman, who received a 14-day prison sentence. The longest sentence a parent has received was the nine-month term imposed on Douglas Hodge, the former chief executive of investment firm Pimco. (Reuters/NAN) New York   -    Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein pleaded not guilty on Tuesday to charges of rape and sexual assaults, his lawyer said, in the first cases involving the disgraced producer to be tested in criminal court since scores of accusers emerged last year. More than 70 women have accused the… June 6, 2018 In "Foreign" The year began with rap making history at the Grammys as Childish Gambino’s “This is America” became the first hip hop track to win the ceremony’s top record and song of the year accolade. At the Oscars, “Green Book” took best film while Briton Olivia Colman beat presumed favourite Glenn… December 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" Washington   -       A judge will decide on Tuesday whether former national security adviser Michael Flynn should be sent to prison. He is to be sentenced for lying to FBI in a case stemming from the investigation into possible collusion between President Donald Trump’s campaign team and Russia in 2016 election-run-up.… December 18, 2018 In "Foreign"