By Georgina Bode  Paris  –  The French League (LFP) will take out a state guaranteed loan to pay clubs in its top two tiers. The loan was money they would have received from television broadcasts, if the season had not been abandoned due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it said on Monday. The LFP decided to end the 2019-20 season on Thursday, with Paris St Germain being awarded the Ligue 1 title and Lorient crowned Ligue 2 champions. PSG had a comfortable 12-point lead over second-placed Olympique de Marseille when professional soccer was suspended in March with 10 games left, as part of the French government’s measures to contain the spread of the novel Coronavirus. “At a meeting on May 4, the LFP’s general assembly adopted a resolution allowing the LFP to contract a state guaranteed loan (PGE) from its banking establishment. “Thanks to this loan, the LFP will be able to pay Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 clubs all of the sums still to be collected for audiovisual rights for the 2019/2020 season. “These sums cover the last two instalments of audiovisual rights for the 2019/2020 season, respectively, initially scheduled for April 5 and June 5, 2020, and will help support the cash flow of Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 clubs,” the LFP said. The decision to end the campaign has angered some clubs, with Olympique Lyonnais,, saying they will seek millions of euros in damages as they faced being deprived of European competition for the first time in a quarter of a century. Amiens, who were relegated from the top flight, said they would study the reasons behind the decision before planning any legal challenge. (Reuters/NAN) Former Marseille president Pape Diouf has died aged 68 after contracting coronavirus, the club have announced, according to BBC. The Senegalese was president between 2005 and 2009 when Marseille finished second in Ligue 1 twice and reached two French Cup finals. They went on to win a first French league… April 1, 2020 In "Sports" •Pape Diouf Being the only black president of a top-tier European club was "a painful observation", Pape Diouf once remarked. Anne-Christine Poujoulat, AFP Former Marseille president Pape Diouf has died aged 68 after contracting the new coronavirus, the football club and a family source said on Tuesday. Diouf, who was… April 1, 2020 In "News" Vincent Enyeama lost out to PSG's Salvatore Sirigu for Goalkeeper of the Year award voted by players in the French League. Both men were running neck and neck all season but Sirigu notched up 35 saves to Enyeama's 28, and conceded 23 goals, two less than Enyeama. PSG striker Zlatan… May 12, 2014 In "Sports"