By Victor Nwachukwu Owerri  – Gov. Hope Uzodinma of Imo, on Sunday, announced that three patients, who tested positive to COVID-19 in the state, had been discharged after treatment.The governor made the announcement through a statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Oguwike Nwachuku, in Owerri.The governor said that of the six cases undergoing treatment in the state’s Isolation Centre, two were discharged at the weekend while the index case was discharged earlier, bringing the total to three.He explained that the three discharged cases, tested negative twice in line with regulations of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC).” Three COVID-19 patients have been discharged. The number of cases currently under treatment in Imo as at today is four,” the governor stated.He, however, said that no new cases of COVID-19 had been recorded in the state.He appealed to the people to abide by the directives already given by the government and the COVID-19 Taskforce in Imo on safety, reiterating his resolve to do all within his constitutional powers to protect the lives of Imo residents. (NAN) •Governor Hope Uzodinma OWERRI (SundiataPost) - The Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodimma on Saturday hinted that three patients who tested positive to the Covid-19 pandemic in the state have been discharged. Addressing newsmen at Government House, Owerri, Governor Uzodimma informed that of the six cases undergoing treatment in… May 16, 2020 In "News" Not less than 35 of the Almajirai infected by COVID-19 in Kaduna State have been discharged. Governor Nasir Ahmad El-Rufa’i who disclosed this on his Twitter handle said, Kaduna State now has 47 active Covid-19 cases following the treatment and discharge of the 35 almajirai. According to El-Rufai, “35 more… May 15, 2020 In "News" KANO - Three persons who earlier tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) in Kano State have recovered from the disease. The State Ministry of Health disclosed this via its Twitter handle in an early-morning post on Thursday. According to the tweet, the recovered patients have been discharged from the government’s facility… May 7, 2020 In "Health"