Washington  –   U.S. federal authorities on Wednesday warned that China-linked hackers were targeting U.S. research organisations to steal data on vaccines and treatments for the new coronavirus.The FBI and Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) said health care, pharmaceutical and research institutions working on a pandemic response should all be aware they were the prime targets of this activity.The agencies said that the institutions were to take the necessary steps to protect their systems.“China’s efforts to target these sectors pose a significant threat to our nation’s response to COVID-19,’’ the agencies said.The potential theft of this information “jeopardises the delivery of secure, effective, and efficient treatment options.”According to the advisory, organisations should partner with CISA to help protect their efforts, while those suspecting suspicious activity should alert the FBI.“More details on the threat will be released in the coming days,’’ the agencies said.The warning is the latest in a series of efforts by President Donald Trump’s administration to blame China for being the source of the pandemic and exploiting its aftermath.Secretary of State Mike Pompeo recently accused Beijing of being responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths and the economic downturn.Pompeo has also continued to pursue a theory that the virus came from a Chinese laboratory, in spite of presenting no evidence. (dpa/NAN) (Reuters) - US The Federal Bureau of Investigation has warned U.S. businesses to be on the alert for a sophisticated Iranian hacking operation whose targets include defense contractors, energy firms and educational institutions, according to a confidential agency document. The operation is the same as one flagged last week by… December 13, 2014 In "Foreign" US security agencies are preparing to issue a warning that China’s most skilled hackers and spies are working to steal American research in the crash effort to develop vaccines and treatments for the coronavirus. The efforts are part of a surge in cybertheft and attacks by nations seeking advantage in… May 11, 2020 In "News" BOSTON - The FBI has warned that healthcare industry companies are being targeted by hackers, publicizing the issue following an attack on U.S. hospital group Community Health Systems Inc that resulted in the theft of millions of patient records. "The FBI has observed malicious actors targeting healthcare related systems, perhaps… August 21, 2014 In "News"