Lagos Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has warned Lagosians not to use the gradual easing of the lockdown to commence on Monday as a license to flood the streets. He said this on Sunday while giving an update on the management of COVID-19 in Lagos. “We are not going from zero to hundred. I would caution that we still remain at home, if we truly are able to continue to work remotely and away from the office. We should only be out, unless it is absolutely necessary to be out,” Sanwo-Olu said. He confirmed that the gradual and controlled easing of the lockdown will last for six weeks, in three phases of two weeks each. Sanwo-Olu said that the goal was to enable the State achieve a balance between the protection of lives and the sustenance of livelihoods. The Governor said that following each phase, the Federal and State Governments would review the situation and further adjust the response. He restated that starting Monday, for the next two weeks, there would be a curfew across the state from 8p.m. to 6a.m. daily. According to him, all movement in and out of Lagos is prohibited, except for people carrying out essential services or transporting essential products such as agro-products, petroleum products, relief items, construction materials and registered courier services. He added that all public servants in the entire Lagos State Public Service were to remain at home on Monday, May 4, 2020. Sanwo-Olu said that from Tuesday, May 5, 2020, only critical staff on Grade Levels 15 and above, and who had also been specifically adjudged as critical staff by their Accounting Officers would be expected to go to work. “Frontline workers across all levels are, however, expected to continue working. In the same vein, all staff of the local government and local council development area offices in the state are expected to remain at home at this time, unless directed by their LGA or LCDA chairmen. “All open markets and stores will be allowed to operate on alternate days between the hours of 9a.m. and 3p.m. Markets and stores selling food items will open on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, while markets and stores selling all other items, excluding food, will open on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. “Private sector companies and businesses will be permitted to operate within a limited framework. What this means is that any offices and businesses that choose to open are allowed to open only between 9a.m. and 3p.m. daily; and must limit the number of staff on the business premises to no more than 60 per cent of full capacity at any point in time,” he said. Sanwo-Olu encouraged companies to operate flexible systems such as combining a work-from-home policy with shifts for staff who had to be in the office. He urged banks to offer full complement of services to the public, manufacturing and construction companies to operate between 9a.m. and 6p.m, while such companies that had to operate outside these hours must obtain a waiver from the Lagos State Government. According to him, eateries and restaurants will be allowed to open between 9a.m. and 7p.m, but only for take-out and delivery services. No in-dining services will be permitted. “All places of worship, formal or informal, are to remain closed from any form of assemblage or congregational services, until further notice. All schools, at primary, secondary and tertiary levels, remain physically closed. Private school proprietors and parents/guardians are encouraged to have meaningful dialogue regarding the delivery of education through various online and digital channels. “All recreational parks, spas, salons, public gyms, swimming pools and sporting facilities shall continue to remain closed until further notice. Hotels are to remain closed till further notice. However, those hotels being used by the state government to accommodate frontline medical personnel, as well as those hotels designated and being used as quarantine and isolation centres are wholly exempted from this directive,” he stated. Sanwo-Olu said that commercial/commuter operations within Lagos State shall be between the hours of 6a.m. and 7p.m. daily. “This applies only to motor vehicles. All commercial motorcycle operations in Lagos State are hereby suspended until further notice. Tricycles operating in unrestricted areas must not carry more than two passengers per trip. “All of the above directives and restrictions I have outlined must be underlined and accompanied by the following mandatory practices of the use of face-masks everywhere in public and strict adherence to personal hygiene practices. Nose and mouth must be covered when sneezing or coughing; hands must be washed or sanitised regularly; and no handshakes or hugs. ”We are encouraging all Lagosians to be on the lookout for those who flout these orders and directives, and to report them to the Hotline, by calling or sending a text message to the following numbers: 09010513197 or 09010513198 or 09010513199,” he added. Source By Florence Onuegbu Lagos - Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has charged security agents to be friendly in enforcing the lockdown order announced on Sunday by President Muhammadu Buhari. Sanwo-Olu gave the charge on Monday, during a Security Council meeting held at the State House, Marina, with commanders of all… March 31, 2020 In "News" •Babajide Sanwo-Olu, Governor of Lagos State LAGOS - A number of policy decisions was released on Wednesday by Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, including the continued shutdown of all churches, mosques as well schools at primary, secondary and tertiary levels, as he reviews measures aimed at eradicating the COVID-19 disease,… April 29, 2020 In "News" Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has urged residents of Lagos state to dismiss speculations that the two-week Coronavirus lockdown has been suspended. He admonished the citizens to “think long term” and stay safe while the country is still combatting the ravaging pandemic. Governor Sanwo-Olu made this announcement while commemorating with… April 10, 2020 In "Politics"