A taxi driver, Trevor Belle, has died from coronavirus after a passenger who claimed he had the virus spat on him when they were fighting over £9 (N4,263.55) fare. The tragic incident happened in the UK. According to Daily Mail, the 61-year-old driver died from the illness in April at the Royal London Hospital after battling the virus. It should be noted that not more than 20 people were allowed at his funeral in order to follow strict social distancing rule. He is doing better than me – Nigerian actor says after finding out ex-classmate who is a bus driver has 1 house and 3 taxis for business His wife, Kelly Esqulant, who was married to him for 28 years, said that she could not just understand why any person would be so wicked to another in such a manner. The media also noted that the deceased up until his death was regarded as the driver with the cleanest car in his community and was always practising good hygiene. Belle, when reporting to a nearby police van, said that the attacker ran off after he spat on him. He kept off work after the incident before he started showing Covid-19 symptoms four days later. In explaining how generous her husband could be, Kelly said: “I know my Trevor, and he would have said if you can use that to do something that could help millions in the future, then do it.” •They’re looking for survival —Sarkin Hausawa •This is wrong time to repatriate Almajirai —Sarkin Fulani •We’ll continue to flush out illegal migrants —Osun govt By Olalekan Olabulo, Shola Adekola and Tunbosun Ogundare - Lagos SOUTH-WEST states have tightened security at their Northern boundaries amidst discoveries that Northern youths are hiding… May 2, 2020 In "Features" The daughter of a cab driver who died of Covid-19 believes he caught the killer disease off cash from one of his fares. Relatives of Spencer Kurash join families across the UK to speak of their horror a death toll passed 1,000. Cab driver Spencer, 56, died after bravely deciding… March 30, 2020 In "Foreign" The federal government is trying to trace most of the 155 passengers in the aircraft that brought to Nigeria the Italian confirmed with coronavirus disease (COVID-19). It was gathered that the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire revealed this yesterday while briefing newsmen in Abuja. He said 156 passengers were… March 3, 2020 In "Health"