By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –   Senate Tuesday received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari for the confirmation of Mr. Lamido Yuguda as the new Director-General of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Also to be screened and confirmed are three nominees as full-time Commissioners of the Commission. According to the statement signed by the Special Assistant (Press)to President of the Senate, Ezrel Tabiowo, the President’s request was contained in a letter read by the Senate President, Senator Ahmad Lawan, during plenary on Tuesday. The letter reads: “Pursuant to Section 3 and 5(1) of the Investment and Securities Act 2007, I write to request for confirmation by the Senate, the appointment of the following four nominees as Director General and Commissioners of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Their CVs are attached herewith. Others for confirmation are: Mr. Lamido A. Yuguda, Director General; Reginald C. karausa, full-time Commissioner; Ibrahim D. Boyi, full-time Commissioner; and Mr. Obi Joseph, full-time Commissioner. President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Mr Lamido Yuguda as the new substantive Director General of Nigeria’s apex capital market regulator, Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The appointment ends the uncertainties around the leadership of the Commission since the suspension of former Director General, Mr Mounir Gwarzo by former Minister of… May 19, 2020 In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has requested Senate’s confirmation of nominees into the Board of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The request was contained in a letter by President Buhari, dated Oct. 18 and read by the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan during Tuesday’s plenary.… October 29, 2019 In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja -   The Senate has confirmed the appointment of former Inspector-General of Police, Alhaji Musiliu Smith as the Chairman of the Police Service Commission (PSC). It also confirmed six others as members of the commission. Confirmation of their appointments followed the consideration of the report of… July 17, 2018 In "Metro"