A supposed formidable group of the All Progressives Congress in Ondo State that is bent on stopping the second term re-election of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has been enmeshed in crisis over where to zone the governorship seat to. Over 12 governorship aspirants in the Unity Forum are either from Ondo North or Ondo South senatorial districts Some members of Unity Forum had in a communique issued on Monday after a virtual meeting said all aspirants in the forum have resolved to cede the governorship mandate to Ondo North. The communique said they agreed to jointly present a credible consensus candidate who will tackle Governor Akeredolu who also hails from Ondo North Chairman of the governorship aspirants of the Unity Forum, Dr Olusegun Abraham, who presided over the virtual meeting confirmed the decision to present a consensus candidate from Ondo North. According to the communique, “We agreed to present only one aspirant that will contest the party gubernatorial primary election later this year.” But some governorship aspirants in another statement said the communique was issued without authourisation. The aspirants who confirmed the virtual meeting said they discussed on possible options of consensus aspirant for the Unity Forum and the need for smooth relationship between aspirants. In the statement signed by nine aspirants such as Chief Olúsolá Òkè and Engr. Ifeoluwa Oyedele, said they did not discuss or resolve on any of the grave allegations contained in the communique. According to the statement “The Aspirants Forum did not mandate any of its members to publish or make public the mutual dialogue that took place during the discussion which focused majorly on issues highlighted above and therefore could not have authourised the tissues of lies contained in the report which was deliberately published to misinform the public. “The undersigned aspirants wish to dissociate ourselves from the content and intent of the publication. In the Aspirants’ Forum, we discuss issues, principles and ideas and not frivolities as represented in the publication. It is not in our character to disparage our leaders. “Our colleague, Pastor Segun Abraham who unilaterally issued and sponsored the said publication should take full responsibility for his idea and actions without dragging other aspirants into public opprobrium. “We remain committed to Ondo state that is prosperous, developed and peaceful which is the focus of the revered Unity Forum.” The Nation By Ismaila Chafe Akure -  President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday in Akure, Ondo, lauded Ondo All Progressives Congress gubernatorial aspirants for their loyalty to the party and supporting Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, the party’s candidate for the Nov. 26 elections in the state. Speaking at a meeting with the gubernatorial aspirants, APC… November 19, 2016 In "Politics" By Ojo Oluwafemi Akure - Isaac Kekemeke, a governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, has promised to accept the decision of the reconciliation committee led by a chieftain of the party, Chief Bisi Akande. Kekemeke made this known on Saturday in an interview with the… February 22, 2020 In "Politics" Akure -  Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), a governorship aspirant of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State, says he was not imposed as the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) candidate in the state in 2012. Akeredolu, who was the ACN candidate in the 2012 governorship election in the state,… August 26, 2016 In "Politics"