The Senate has resolved to thoroughly investigate the proposed introduction of the 5 Generation Network (5G) to determine the status of the technology in Nigeria and its potential impact on the citizens. The Upper Chamber urged the Federal Government to stop the introduction of the 5G Network pending the report of its investigation. It directed its committees on Communications, Science & Technology, ICT & Cyber Crimes and Health to carry out the investigation and report back to the plenary in four weeks. These resolutions of the Senate followed a motion by Senator Uche Ekwunife (Anambra Central) titled: “The present status of 5th Generation (5G) Network in Nigeria”. Ekwunife, in her lead debate, urged the Senate to note with growing concern the ongoing discussion about the current status of the 5th Generation (5G Network) in Nigeria especially with regards to whether Nigeria is presently connected to the 5G Network. She said the Senate notes further the concerns by some scientists and medical experts that the emissions from the 5G Towers could adversely affect the health of citizens by causing allergies like damage to eyes, antibiotic resistance and physiological effects on the nervous and the immune systems. Ekwunife added: “Mindful of the recurrent health hazards which are usually associated with technological advancements such as the 5G Network and the need to conduct a thorough test prior to the deployment of new technology. “Acknowledges that 5G reportedly holds a lot of promise for mobile broadband services because of its faster speed and better capacity. “Further acknowledges that there is neither a conclusive proof nor has it been universally established that the deployment of 5G network is either harmful to the human body or is in any way linked to the global pandemic of COVID-19. “Concerned that they uncertainty surrounding whether or not the 5G Network has been launched in Nigeria will continue to fuel the speculations and rumours concerning the deployment of the 5G Network and its effects on the citizens of Nigeria. “Further concerned about the massive infrastructural upgrade as has never been seen before which will follow the launching of 5G Network in Nigeria. “Desirous of investigating the true status of 5G Network in Nigeria to ensure that Nigerian citizens are not exposed to an unreasonable risk of great bodily injury or harm.” Source In an appeal to the European Union, more than 180 scientists and doctors from 36 countries warn about the danger of 5G, which will lead to a massive increase in involuntary exposure to electromagnetic radiation. The scientists urge the EU to follow Resolution 1815 of the Council of Europe, asking… April 6, 2020 In "Foreign" A global raging controversy has been going on for some years now with respect to the deployment of Fifth Generation (5G) Mobile Technology Network in some countries of the world. Recently, this controversy has heightened for two main reasons. The first is the outbreak of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Wuhan,… April 15, 2020 In "Opinion" As clearly stated in its first part, this article is entirely a public policy advocacy. This means that both the facts and logic are meant to dissuade public policy makers from issuing licences to telecommunication operators for the deployment of 5G technology in Nigeria now and in the near future… April 17, 2020 In "Opinion"