By Ayinde Olaide Bauchi –  Dr Rilwanu Mohammed, Executive Chairman, Bauchi State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (BASPHCDA), said 41 persons had died of Lassa fever from January to date in the state. Mohammed, who disclosed this in Bauchi on Saturday, noted that lassa fever is more deadly than Coronavirus (COVID-19). The PHCDA boss explained that a case of Coronavirus reported early have greater chances to get treated and recovers. He added that most cases of lassa fever were reported late, hence the number of death of patients. “We just recorded another two deaths resulting from lassa fever. This has brought the total number of deaths as a result of lassa fever to forty-one. “Coronavirus has been with us since 23rd of March this year, however, we have only recorded three deaths as a result of the virus. “Most of Coronavirus cases reported early, have greater chances to recovery compare to lassa fever infested people,” he said. He expressed concern that lassa fever infested cases, always seek for medical attention late. According to him, until they have fever, they start bleeding from faeces, when it would have already been too late before they report. “Now we have 41 people who have lost their lives due to lassa fever contrast to three people who have lost their lives to Coronavirus,” he said. He said the state government has intensified training of staff on how to carry out effective fumigation and spraying. He added that the state government would be embarking on a massive spraying and decontamination of communities in order to combat lassa fever in the state. Mohammed, however, urged residents to also contribute their own quota by always reporting any suspected case of Lassa fever in the state as early diagnosis and treatment could help patients to recover. (NAN) By Jessica OnyegbulaAbuja - The Federal Government on Monday says there is a decline in number of new cases of Lassa fever in the country.Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, the Chief Executive Officer, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), disclosed this at a news conference in Abuja.Ihekeazu said that the country had… March 11, 2019 In "Health" By Hafsat Abdulhamid Abuja (Sundiata Post) - No fewer than 15 new cases of the dreaded Lassa fever infection have been discovered in Bauchi State, out of which 3 have been confirmed and are presently receiving treatment at the infectious diseases isolation centre of the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching… January 25, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Abujah Racheal Abuja - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), says it will continue to work closely with  states  affected by the Lassa fever outbreak in the midst of the novel coronavirus outbreak. It said the move was to ensure that the 95 confirmed cases of Lassa fever in some… February 1, 2020 In "Health"