By Harrison Arubu  New York  –   About 50 journalists working with Microsoft are set to lose their jobs, as the American multinational tech giant reportedly moves to replace them with robots. According to local media reports, those affected are contract employees working as curators for the company’s news website, MSN. They perform functions such as selection of stories, headlines, pictures and other contents from news organisations for the MSN site. The Seattle Times quoted unidentified insiders as saying the company has notified the affected workers that their services would no longer be needed beyond June 30. From then, artificial intelligence would be used to perform the news production tasks in what Microsoft calls “evaluation of its business”. “Like all companies, we evaluate our business on a regular basis. “This can result in increased investment in some places and, from time to time, re-deployment in others. “These decisions are not the result of the current pandemic,” the company said in a statement, according to the paper. According to the BBC, Microsoft, like some other tech companies, pays news organisations to use their contents on its website. “But, it employs journalists to decide which stories to display and how they are presented. “However, Microsoft will retain its full-time news producers, whose functions are similar to those of the contract employees being disengaged,” Seattle Times added. One of those leaving told the paper that their functions had been semi-automated for a few months now. “It is demoralising to think machines can replace us but there you go,” the unnamed employee said, according to the medium. (NAN) Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) said on Monday it will hand over its display advertising business to AOL Inc and sell some map-generating technology to ride-hailing app company Uber, as it slims down its money-losing online operations. The moves mean Microsoft will focus on its growing search advertising business based on its… June 30, 2015 In "News" BY BILL RIGBY SEATTLE - Microsoft Corp will close its Silicon Valley research-and-development operation as part of 2,100 layoffs announced on Thursday, as it moves toward its new CEO's goal of cutting 18,000 staff, or about 14 percent of its workforce. News of the closure of the Microsoft Research lab… September 19, 2014 In "News" By Austin Carr and Dina Bass The congratulatory texts and tweets started the last week of November. Microsoft had overtaken Apple to become the world’s most valuable company, a stunning climax in a year that also saw it pass Amazon and Google’s Alphabet Inc. Longtime employees, who’d grown accustomed to… May 8, 2019 In "Foreign"