By Grace Alegba  Lagos  –  A special adviser to Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State has charged people involved in research and development to team up to make inventions to tackle the novel coronavirus disease. Mrs Aramide Adeyoye, Special Adviser to Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Works and Infrastructure, made the call in Lagos on Thursday while inspecting inventions by two engineers to help curb the spread of COVID-19. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mr Ibrahim Aledu, a former Chairman of the Apapa Branch of the Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE) fabricated a respiratory machine, to assist COVID-19 patients. Aledu, a fellow of NSE and Nigerian Institution of Mechanical Engineers, is the Apapa Inspectorate Chief of Council for the Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria and Engineering Regulation and Monitoring. The other engineer, Mr Ahmed Ayinla, a serving National Youth Service Corps member in Oyo State, with two team members, fabricated a hand washing machine for public places. Ayinla, a civil engineer, is a graduate member of the Ikeja Branch of the NSE and has participated in the branch’s technology innovation competitions, organised for tertiary institutions. The special adviser, a fellow of the NSE, while observing a demonstration of the usage of the machines, charged the inventors to improve on their machines to become more user-friendly. According to her, a synergy by the nation’s research and development agencies will encourage interest in inventions for the prevention and management of COVID-19. She noted that such inventions would reposition Nigeria’s quest for development and industrialization. Adeyoye pledged the state government’s willingness to support more inventions, pledging that government would buy two of the machines to test-run their efficiency. “You are applying your engineering knowledge to provide a complete solution. The bus stops are breeding grounds for coronavirus transmission,’’ she stated. Adeyoye also called on governments at all levels and the private sector to support engineers for the nation’s overall growth and transformation. “Engineers should be solution providers. A nation that does not make engineers solution providers would end up churning out graduates who will not be able to think. “Any government that is desirous of sustainable growth would need to engage engineers.’’ Adeyeye prayed God to reward the engineers, who had used the COVID-19 lockdown to produce machines for the benefit of humanity. Demonstrating the usage of his fabrication, Ayinla said that different sizes of the machines would be useful in schools, offices, bus stops and other areas. Similarly, Aledu highlighted the features of his fabrication to include provision of different air pressures that make it possible to use one respirator for infants, children and adults simultaneously. The Chairman of the Ikeja Branch of NSE, Mrs Funmi Akingbagbohun, told NAN that Ayinla was a product of the continuous engineering mentoring programme of the branch. Akingbagbohun, the Deputy National Chairman of the Nigerian Institution of Mechanical Engineers, commended the inventors, saying that the engineering family would support them. The Chairman of the Apapa Branch of the NSE, Mr Sunny Ejeje, also lauded his colleagues for their inventions, calling on government to patronise local engineers and made in Nigeria goods. “COVID-19 has exposed what local engineers can do. We could still do more if we are encouraged and given the right support,’’ he said. Addressing the gathering later, Aledu thanked the President of NSE, Mr Babagana Mohammed, for encouraging him to overcome challenges that almost stalled the project. “The entire engineering family was supportive and my President, Engineer Babagana Mohammed, did not rest. He called several times daily to encourage and advise me. He was so excited and wanted this modification to succeed.’’ Also speaking, Ayinla said that members of his team, included Miss Simbiat Odeniyi and Mr Ibrahim Lawal, both serving corps members in different states. According to him, the COVID-19 lockdown in Lagos afforded them the opportunity to fabricate the hand washing machines. “The pandemic caught up with me in Lagos and I had to create a solution on how people can wash their hands with soap and water without touching the tap,” he said. NAN reports that the hand washing machine has an overhead tank, whose sizes could be varied; two foot-operated pedals to dispense either soap or water alternatively over a wash hand basin connected to a drum through various pipes. (NAN) LAGOS - Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Tuesday announced the discharge of nine more COVID-19 patients in the state. The announcement was revealed in a tweet by Sanwo-Olu’s special adviser on new media, Jubril Gawat. According to Jubril, the patients include five females and four males, and one Polish… April 21, 2020 In "News" Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and his wife, Joke, have tested negative for coronavirus, The PUNCH reports. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made this known early Friday morning. Before announcing the results, there had been fears over the status of the governor who was believed to… April 3, 2020 In "Politics" By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) says it will intensify screening of inbound and outbound passengers at the international airports. Mr Sam Adurogboye, General Manager, Public Relations, NCAA, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Friday that the authority has adequate screening… February 28, 2020 In "News"