Chattanooga  – German carmaker Volkswagen plans to resume production at its plant in the U.S. state of Tennessee, it said in a statement Wednesday. The company said it has implemented more than 90 new health and safety measures ahead of a gradual ramp-up of operations starting on May 17. Some 3,800 Volkswagen employees at the plant have not worked since it suspended operations on March 21 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Safety precautions include mandatory temperature checks on everyone who enters the factory. Anyone with a temperature above 38.1 degrees will not be allowed in. Masks, gloves and sanitising stations will be made available for all employees. Doors will be left open to avoid touchp oints, and all ice machines will be closed. The company will also stagger shift and break start times and will set up partitions in all break and work areas. Volkswagen has gradually resumed production at plants in Germany and Europe, including in the company’s home city of Wolfsburg. (dpa/NAN) Frankfurt - German automaker Volkswagen AG, said on Friday that it was ahead of schedule in producing electric cars. The company which announced new overall plans to produce 1.5 million electric cars by 2025, said that the previous strategic target of one million electric cars was expected to be reached… December 27, 2019 In "Foreign" Detroit -  Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) said on Monday it is investing $800 million to build a new electric vehicle at its plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee, as it shifts toward a zero emission vehicles. The German automaker, in an announcement at the Detroit Auto Show, said it is adding 1,000 new… January 14, 2019 In "Foreign" Ford Motor Co is joining other global automakers in stepping up efforts to roll out self-driving cars, company executives said on Tuesday. The U.S. automaker will expand advanced safety technology, including automatic braking, across its global vehicle lineup over the next five years, they said. Such systems, the precursors of… June 24, 2015 In "News"