By EDEKI IGAFE ASABA (SundiataPost) – The Police Command in Delta State has confirmed the death of a 60-year-old U.S. citizen in the state, due to suspected complications arising from COVID-19. The State Commissioner of Police, Hafiz Inuwa, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), in Warri on Sunday. NAN gathered that the 60-year-old woman was in Nigeria to visit her male friend. She was kept in a hotel in Warri for some time before relocating to another hotel around Orerokpe. “While they were together for about a week, the woman was coughing and having difficulty in breathing and stooling. “So, she was taken to a hospital on Saturday when her condition became worse and eventually died,” Inuwa said. He said the male friend is with the Police in Orerokpe. The Police Commissioner said that he had drawn the attention of the Commissioner for Health in Delta to the development, in order to contact the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), in view of the symptoms developed by the deceased. Inuwa, however, warned Policemen to be very careful with the manner they deal with the said male friend, so as not to get infected with the dreaded COVID-19. (NAN) Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A 24-year-old man, simply identified as Matthew, has been found dead near Polokor Market in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State. Cause of his death was still sketchy as of the time of this report. But the Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed… April 6, 2020 In "Top Stories" Elo Edremoda, Warri Fire on Monday gutted a part of the Sapele Correctional Centre in Delta state, during a protest by inmates in the facility. The Nation gathered that the inmates were protesting against a new policy that prevents them from receiving visitors. They were also said to be protesting… April 27, 2020 In "News" The Nigeria Police, Delta State Command, has confirmed the death of a 15-year-old boy, who drowned in a stagnant river in Osubi, Okpe Local Government Area of the state, NAN reports. The Commissioner of Police in Delta, Adeyinka Adeleke, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of Nigeria on Thursday… August 15, 2019 In "Metro"