25 Passengers On Flight From Kano To Beirut Test Positive For Coronavirus At least 25 passengers on a flight from Kano to Beirut on Wednesday have tested positive for COVID-19, Lebanon’s Ministry of Health has confirmed.The Middle East Airlines had been directed by the Lebanese government to evacuate its citizens from foreign countries in early April. The Ministry of Health in its statement on Wednesday, said 25 people tested positive for Coronavirus after a test was carried out on passengers on board a flight that left Kano on May 5. While the affected passengers will be taken to the hospital for treatment, those who tested negative will be quarantined and also re-examined if they show Coronavirus symptoms. The Statement Reads In Part; “The Ministry of Public Health announces that it has been confirmed that 25 positive cases with COVID-19 were recorded among the passengers on board the flight that arrived from Nigeria,” it said. “Accordingly, the affected cases will be transferred to the hospital with an emphasis on the application of strict domestic quarantine for negative cases, knowing that they will be followed up daily by the Ministry and whoever shows any symptoms will be referred to the hospital for re-examination.” Lebanon has recorded 784 confirmed cases of Coronavirus and 25 deaths so far. Source By Yunus Yusuf Lagos - A Nigerian major carrier, Air Peace, says it didn’t transport a passenger suspected of being infected with Coronavirus on its Lagos-Kano flight on Tuesday. The airline’s Chief Operating Officer, Mrs Toyin Olajide, made this known on Wednesday in Lagos. Olajide explained that a 13-year-old boy,… March 24, 2020 In "News" Nigeria’s capital, Abuja, has recorded three cases of COVID-19, The PUNCH can confirm. The PUNCH learnt that the index case is an official of the Federal Inland Revenue Service and was one of the passengers on the British Airways’ flight that landed on March 13, 2020. It was learnt that… March 21, 2020 In "News" Colombo - Sri Lanka said on Tuesday that it would ban all incoming flights for two weeks from 1830 GMT on Wednesday to combat the spread of the coronavirus. Flights already in the air will be allowed to land and passengers to disembark, said Mohan Samaranayake, a spokesman for President… March 17, 2020 In "Foreign"