By Razak Owolabi  Abuja  –  Prof. Razaq Abubakre, a former Vice-Chancellor, Al-Hikmah University, Ilorin, has thanked President Muhammadu Buhari for establishing a Federal College of Education at Iwo, Osun State. Abubakre, the immediate past Federal Commissioner of Public Complaints Commission for Osun State, expressed his gratitude in a statement in Abuja on Thursday. The statement was signed by Mr Sulayman El-Mavericky on behalf of Ileri-Oluwa Group in Iwoland, a group led by Abubakre. The don also thanked the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu, and Gov. Isiaka Oyetola of Osun for considering Iwo as the host city of one of the new federal colleges. Besides, Abubakre appreciated the Chairman, BOT of TETFUND, Alhaji Kashim Ibrahim-Imam. He congratulated sons and friends of Iwoland for making the dream of the people come true, noting that the new college will contribute to the educational, economic and social development of the town, state and indeed the nation. Among those congratulated are the Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Abdulrasheed Akanbi; Dr Oluremi Atanda; Mr Gbadegesin Adedeji; Alhaji Liad Tella, Mr Yunusa Amobi; the Executive Secretary, NEITI, Mr Waziri Adio; and Registrar of JAMB, Prof. Ishaq Oloyede. Others are Prof. Lai Olurode; Sen. Adelere Oriolowo; Dr Amidu Raheem, the state Commissioner for Water Resources and Energy; Mr Adam Adedimeji; Associate Professor Mahfouz Adedimeji, and Alhaji Semiu Okanlawon. Abubakre also appreciated the contributions of other individuals and organisations for their efforts in extricating Iwo from the grips of non-governmental presence that seems to be greatly challenging the ancient city. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the Federal Government on Monday announced the establishment and locations of six new colleges of education in the six geopolitical zones of the country, with Iwo, Osun chosen for the south-west. Other states where similar institutions had been approved are Edo, Ebonyi, Sokoto, Bauchi and Benue. At present, there are 152 colleges of education in Nigeria made up of 21 owned by the federal government, 82 by state governments and 49 owned by private individuals or institutions. (NAN) OSOGBO (Sundiata Post) - Governor Rauf Aregbesola of Ogun State has approved the appointment of Prince Rasheed Adewale Akanbi as the new Oluwo of Iwo. According to a statement made available to Sundiata Post and signed by Alhaji Moshood Adeoti, secretary to the Osun State Government, the appointment of Akanbi… November 9, 2015 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the establishment of six Colleges of Education in the country. The approval was announced on Thursday by the Personal Assistant to the President on New Media, Bashir Ahmed, via his Twitter handle. According to the statement, the colleges are to be spread across the six… May 15, 2020 In "Education" By Oluwakemi Oladipo/Joan Odafe   Lagos,   -       A WHO Consultant, Prof. Fola Tayo, has appealed to the Federal Government to meet the basic medical needs of Nigerians. Tayo, who is also the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman, Governing Council of Caleb University, Imota, Lagos, made the plea in an interview with the… June 24, 2018 In "News"