Veteran Nollywood actor, Richard Mofe Damijo (RMD) has unveiled his new look leaving tongues wagging. Sharing a picture of himself, the 58-year-old who has not been able to visit the barbing salon because of lockdown has given his fans a hint of what he looks like now. RMD captioned the picture: ”Finally, when the city gates opened, after what seemed like eternity, the Nazarene came out smiling! #theendisthebeginning #itsnotoveryet #socialdistancing #takeresponsibility #rmdsaysso #rmdtheactor” A fan said they preferred his old look. iamdonaldeke wrote: “We prefer the old version ” Richard Mofe Damijo remains one of the most sought after male celebrities despite his age. He has the perfect body for any type of outfit and also the most charming smile that soothes the heart. The movie Legend was the former Commissioner for Culture and Tourism in Delta State. Finally, when the city gates opened, after what seemed like eternity, the Nazarene came out smiling! #theendisthebeginning  #itsnotoveryet #socialdistancing  #takeresponsibility  #rmdsaysso  #rmdtheactor A post shared by  Richard Mofe-Damijo RMD (@mofedamijo) on May 5, 2020 at 12:17am PDT Source By Joshua Olomu Abuja - Veteran Nollywood actor, Richard Mofe-Damijo, popularly known as RMD, has advised against ‘butt enlargement’ and  ‘boob lift; and all such artificial body configurations , saying  they  cannot guarantee true happiness in life. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the thespian and Lawyer stated this… May 27, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja(SundiataPost) -Veteran Nollywood star, Richard Mofe-Damijo aka RMD has admonished his fan to desist from living fake live for attention online. The star, gave this advice in his new year massage shared on his Instagram page @mofedamijo, he charged young people to do better in 2019. RMD was reacting to the online buss… January 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja    -        Veteran Nollywood actor, Richard Mofe-Damijo aka RMD has advised his followers to desist from living ‘fake lives’ for online buzz. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that in his New Year message shared on his Instagram page @mofedamijo, he… January 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"