Former National Assembly member, Senator Duro Faseyi, has appealed to the national body of People’s Democratic Party to urgently intervene in the crisis besetting the Ekiti State chapter with a view to saving it from total collapse. Faseyi said the party would not survive if the crisis which had culminated in parallel ward executive councils across the state and the suit instituted to stop the party from recognizing the list allegedly generated by the Haruna Manu –led ward congresses committee were allowed to continue. The PDP chieftain told journalists in Ado Ekiti on that urgent intervention of the party’s National Working Committee to reconcile the groups and take steps to right the wrongs allegedly perpetrated in the state during the March ward congresses of the party were crucial. The former National Assembly member also clarified that the repositioning movement in Ekiti PDP was neither a faction nor platform for supremacy battle as being alleged in some quarters, saying, “Repositioning began as a step to move the party out of the shock of electoral defeats and chart a new course with the aim of righting the wrongs and restoring PDP to the path of victory”. The PDP chieftain, who said there was no leadership contest in Ekiti PDP with Chief Ayodele Fayose still around as a former governor, said, “He (Fayose) governed us for eight years, so it is clear he is the leader and he should play that role. He should not see himself as the leader of a PDP group. He should know how to bring everybody in the party together. That is my advice to him”. Faseyi said, “NWC’s intervention is necessary to restore peace to the party, unite the members and ensure the party ability’s return to power in Ekiti. It is necessary we put the house in order, jettison all divisible tendencies being fueled daily by selfish aggrandizement and unnecessary ego”. He said, “The Manu-led committee did not conduct congresses in some wards including those in Ilejemeje Local Government, where i come from, yet they came up with results. Constituting ward excos based on the list generated by the committee would only lead to chaos. It is unacceptable. For the National body to accept that list is the beginning of failure of the party. Faseyi said apart from Manu’s arrival in the state by past 3pm on the day of the congresses, he refused to listen to advice, adding, “He insisted on fresh congresses. We pleaded that that could only be done the following day considering the time, but he said ‘no’ and distributed the materials at about past 4pm for congresses in 177 wards. “Surprisingly, the officials did not go to some wards to conduct the congresses. None of them showed up at the wards in my local government. We waited for them in vain. Some of the so-called officials were even fake. They later converged at Petim Guest House where they entered names into the documents. The way to go is for PDP National to wade in. “The truth is that there won’t be any local government or state congresses until everything is resolved. The best thing in the present circumstance, which will be in the interest of PDP in Ekiti State, is for the national body to wade in, call the two sides and do the necessary thing. “If we continue the case, we don’t know when it will end because it is capable of getting to the Supreme Court. The implication is that there would not be local government and state congresses,” Faseyi said. The Nation By Edem Edem Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The crisis in People Democratic Party (PDP) Cross River State has taken dangerous dimension as some members of the National Assembly and some founding fathers of the party boycotted the ward and local government congresses. The ward and local congresses of the party… March 23, 2020 In "Politics" By Chimezie Anaso   The leadership crisis in the Anambra chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was thought to have been resolved after the state’s congress at the party headquarters in Awka on Dec.4, 2017. The congress was organised by the erstwhile Sen. Ahmed Makarfi-led interim National Caretaker Committee… May 17, 2018 In "Politics" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - The Senate Minority Leader, Mrs Abiodun Olujimi, on Tuesday said that the defeat of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti State in the last general elections was a temporary setback. Olujimi told newsmen in Ado Ekiti that  internal wrangling among PDP members and  manipulations… April 2, 2019 In "Politics"