London  –  Ten individuals from eight Championship clubs in England have tested positive for the novel coronavirus in the latest round of tests, the English Football League (EFL) confirmed on Saturday. In a statement, the EFL said 1,058 players and staff from England’s 24 second-tier clubs had been tested for the virus on Thursday and Friday. “Those players or club staff who have tested positive will now self-isolate in line with the guidelines provided by the EFL and only those who have tested negative will be permitted to enter training ground facilities,” the statement read. The EFL did not identify the individuals although Preston North End confirmed that striker Jayden Stockley had tested positive and was asymptomatic. As well as the 10 positive tests from Championship clubs, seven positive tests were recorded from fourth tier League Two clubs. The news came after the latest round of Premier League tests produced no new positive tests. In the three previous rounds of Premier League testing since players resumed training, there were 12 positive tests. Championship clubs have unanimously agreed to try to complete the season, while League Two clubs are in favour of curtailing the campaign. Clubs in League One (third tier) have so far failed to reach an agreement on how to end the season. (Reuters/NAN) SkySports reports that the Premier League and EFL have postponed all fixtures until April 4 and 3 respectively at the earliest due to the threat of the coronavirus. The Football Association has also postponed England's international friendly matches against Italy and Denmark, scheduled for March 27 and 31 respectively, while… March 13, 2020 In "Sports" London - The Premier League in England said on Tuesday that six people from three different clubs had tested positive for COVID-19 out of a sample of 748 individuals. The novel coronavirus tests were taken on Sunday and Monday ahead of the return to small group training. “Players or club… May 19, 2020 In "Sports" London - The planned June 17 restart of the 2019/2020 English Premier League (EPL) received a further boost on Saturday when the latest batch of novel coronavirus tests produced no positive results. The tests were carried out on Thursday and Friday. “The Premier League can today (Saturday) confirm that on… May 31, 2020 In "Sports"