The Delta State Government has confirmed a new case of COVID-19 in the state as at 9.00am on May 15, 2020 bringing the total confirmed case in the state to 23. The new case is a fruit seller in Agbor in Ika South local government area of Delta state. According to the information gathered, the fruit vendor who is 29 years old, is in a stable condition and has been moved to FMC treatment and Isolation Centre at Asaba. Also, the COVID-19 team has commenced the tracing of the new case contacts. Since the index case was reported on April 7, 2020, the Delta state has recorded 23 cases The State Commissioner for Information, Mr Charles Aniagwu confirmed this new development on his Facebook page on Friday May 15, 2020. With this new case of COVID-19, Delta State has now recorded 23 cases with 4 death, 6 discharged and 13 active cases of COVID-19. Also, on Thursday, the Delta State University Teaching Hospital, Oghara Treatment and Isolation Center discharged COVID-19 index patient in Delta and two other patients who have been isolated. The Chief Medical Director of the hospital, Dr Onome Ogueh while addressing the Delta State COVID-19 Case Management lead by Dr Ann Ojimba and the Delta State NCDC representative, Dr Otoh Daniel, expressed much delight for the successful discharge of the patients. According to a statement released by the Hospital Public Relations Officer, Mr Iteme Emmanuel on his Facebook page, the CMD Dr Ogueh, “thanked the DELSUTH COVID-19 response team for their commitment in the treatment and care of the patients’ even at the risk of been infected with the virus. He added that “the success would not have been possible but for the proactive approach of the Governor, Senator (Dr.) Ifeanyi Okowa and the support of the Commissioner for Health, Dr Ononye Mordi that helped a great deal in ensuring that DELSUTH was prepared for the COVID-19 pandemic when the first case arrived DELSUTH on the 7th April 2020. The CMD stated further that where the hospital was using was not purposely designed as an Isolation/Treatment Centre. “It was a facility for inpatient mental health services that requires modification to make it right.” Source As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa has confirmed the index case of Covid -19 in the state, saying it is not a death sentence. The governor in a radio and television broadcast in Asaba, warned that coronavirus pandemic was real, adding that the stay at home order was… April 8, 2020 In "News" A 45-year-old Nigerian who returned from India has died of coronavirus-related complications in Lagos State. Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made this known on his Twitter handle on Tuesday. He said, “No new case of #COVID-19 was confirmed in Lagos on 20th April, 2020. However, #COVID19 related deaths… April 21, 2020 In "News"