According to Saturday PUNCH, a truck driver, identified simply as Sheriff, Friday evening drowned in River Osun in Ogberin village, Ede, Osun State, when he slipped and fell into the river. The deceased, it was learnt, was at the river bank after he and his team had removed their truck that was stuck due to the bad state of the road while going to offload the content of the vehicle. It was further learnt that Sheriff and his men, having successfully removed the stuck truck and delivered the content, stopped at the bank of River Osun to clean up when the incident happened. One of those at the scene who preferred not to be named said the deceased while standing at the bank, was about to start bathing when he suddenly slipped and fell in the river. “He had not started bathing. He was about to bend and start bathing when he slipped and fell into the river,” the witness said. The source added that people at the scene, immediately the incident happened made effort to save Sheriff, but till Saturday afternoon, the body had not been recovered. When contacted, Police Public Relations Officer for Osun Command, Yemisi Opalola, said she had not been briefed on the matter. By Ijendu Iheaka Aba (Abia) - The Police Command in Abia has confirmed the arrest of a driver whose vehicle crushed a woman and her son to death on Friday evening in Aba. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, SP Geoffrey Ogbonna said the driver was taken into… June 23, 2019 In "Metro" Pandemonium struck Sunday evening when a commercial driver identified as Oluwagbeminija Oluwasanya Rhodes drowned at Ogun river in Abeokuta, the Ogun state capital while he was trying so save his son, Gbeminiyi from drowning inside the river.The late driver until his untimely death was a member of the MAPOLY Shuttle… August 27, 2014 In "News" In what will come across as a really shocking development, a man has stripped himself n*ked before jumping into the Osun river.  Scene of the suspected suicide at Osun River in Osogbo on Thursday evening. Photo: Bola Bamigbola According to a report by Punch Metro, a man, whose identity could not… August 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"