Berlin  –  German Interior Minister Horst Seehofer has expressed disappointment over the performance of the new European Commission with particular reference to migration.Seehofer said this in an interview with Der Spiegel news magazine published on Friday.“I was full of hope on the new European Commission. Today I am, to put it mildly, disappointed.“I’m expected to worry about the rescues at sea and about the children in refugee camps in Greece. I’m expected to concern myself with a joint asylum policy.“But these are all tasks for the EU,’’ Seehofer said.The new European Commission under former German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen took office in December.Seehofer expressed further disillusionment at the fact that the drive for a European investment programme to alleviate the effects of the novel coronavirus pandemic had to come from Berlin and Paris, rather than Brussels.The interior minister also showed little understanding for von der Leyen’s announcement of possible legal proceedings against Germany for breach of EU treaties.With regard to the ruling at the beginning of May by the German Constitutional Court against government bond purchases by the European Central Bank (ECB).“I’ve noticed that the EU raises treaty infringement proceedings and complaints against its member states unusually frequently.“I would like to query how increased European unity is advanced by this means,’’ Seehofer said. (dpa/NAN) Helsinki - EU interior ministers are due on Thursday to take a new stab at efforts to reform the bloc’s migration policy, with the issue mired in disagreement over who should take responsibility for new arrivals to the bloc. Ahead of the meeting, German Interior Minister, Horst Seehofer said he… July 18, 2019 In "Foreign" Chancellor Angela Merkel once said she wished "for nothing more than a free-trade agreement between the USA and the EU".To the dismay of many in Brussels and Washington, Germans are now taking a very different view. That is putting Europe's biggest exporter in the unusual situation of becoming one of… July 15, 2014 In "Health" Berlin -   German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the perspective on the migration between Hungary and Germany is very different. Merkel made the remarks on Thursday at a joint news conference after a meeting with visiting Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban. As the sharpest critic of Merkel’s migration policy… July 5, 2018 In "Foreign"