The Chairman of the Kogi State branch of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Dr Kabir Zubair has said that testing for the Coronavirus disease remains a challenge in the state. The state NMA chairman stated this on Thursday, in a reaction to the report by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), that only one testing sample has so far been sent in for checking by Kogi. The test result returned negative. He stated that the challenge had led to agitation from members of the Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), being that they are in the first line to attend to suspected cases, a number of which cases have been received at the Federal Medical Centre (FMC) Lokoja, in recent times. According to him: “Although, no confirmed case has been reported in Kogi State, till date, but a number of suspected cases have been attended to at FMC Lokoja, and members of the ARD are among the first to attend to these patients, and as such, they might be exposed to the highly contagious COVID-19. “ARD is an affiliate of the Nigeria Medical Association, and they are among the most exposed healthcare workers to patients with suspected COVID-19 in the hospital settings. “The NMA is aware that they have become agitated and apprehensive in the last few months, due to community spread of COVID-19 in Nigeria.” He said that the FMC Lokoja is the only functional tertiary health institution in Kogi State, and as such, the institution attends to a wide range of patients, and the ever present danger of being exposed to patients with COVID-19 is major source of worry. “As a clinician, standard practice demands that the moment you have clinical suspicion of an infectious diseases, the ideal thing is to carryout laboratory confirmation. “COVID-19 is a highly contagious infectious disease, responsible for the ongoing global pandemic. In Nigeria, new cases are reported daily and community spread is accelerating. This is the reason why members of ARD are agitated as testing for COVID-19 has remained a challenge in the state,” he added. The Nation LAGOS - Doctor under the aegis of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) have provided reasons why Nigerians should prepare for worst-case scenario on the COVID-19 fight. President NMA, Dr. Francis Adedayo Faduyile, on Saturday, told journalists that after reviewing the policies, programmes and activities implemented so far in the management… May 10, 2020 In "Health" The Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, has rejected plans by the Federal Government to invite and 18-member Chinese medical team to help Nigeria in her fight against the deadly coronavirus. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said on Friday that gifts of medical supplies were being expected from China, organised… April 6, 2020 In "Health" The Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Keffi, has confirmed that it isolated a family of five with symptoms suspected to be Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nasarawa State. Dr Adamu Yahaya, Chief Medical Director (CMD) of the hospital, who confirmed this to newsmen, explained that the family members who arrived Keffi from Ogun… March 20, 2020 In "News"