By Amina Ahmed  Bauchi  –  ‘Child is Gold’, a Non Governmental Organisation (NGO), in Partnership with Ikra Foundation for Women and Youths Development (IFWYD) on Monday distributed handwashing items to public places in Bauchi to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the items were donated to the Police Command, Primary Healthcare Centres, Correctional Centres, Bauchi State High Court, markets and some communities. The items include water tanks, bowls and detergents as well as food items such as Rice, Beans and seasoning. Miss Elizabeth James, Founder of ‘Chikd is Gold’, while presenting the items on behalf of the organisations said they were to be used as preventive measures against spread of COVID-19 in the state. She said the organisations also distributed food items to indigent persons in some selected communities in the state. According to her, the exercise was part of the organisations’ contribution to the global fight against the spread of the virus. She called on community members to adhere to the social distancing guidelines, avoid hand shaking among other directives by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the World Health Organisation(WHO). “Handwashing is key in the guidelines provided by the WHO and other health experts. “The items were provided in public places to ensure handwashing practices were adhered to. “The food items also will serve as palliative to cushion the effort of the hardship the vulnerable households in our communities are going through”, she said. Mr Philip Maku, Commissioner of Police in Bauchi, commended the organisations for the role toward curtailing the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Similarly, Mr Saad Sambuwal, Chief Registrar, Bauchi High court, described the gesture as a giant stride toward the fight against the Coronavirus. Also, Mr Suleiman Shanunu, officer in charge of the Correctional Centre in Bauchi, lauded the effort of the NGOs for extending the gesture to inmates in the state. (NAN) By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - An Abuja-based Indian firm, Tulsi Chanrai Foundation, has donated 1,000 cartons of noodles to the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) to support its efforts to cushion the effect of sit-at-home on the vulnerable. Chief Executive Officer of the firm, Mr Shravan Kumar, presented the items… April 10, 2020 In "News" By Ahmed UbandomaAbuja - The First Lady, Mrs Aisha Buhari, has donated medical items to support the fight against the spread of the deadly Coronavirus (COVID-19) disease.A statement made available to newsmen on Saturday in Abuja by her Special Assistant on Media, Mr Aliyu Abdullahi, said the first lady was… April 25, 2020 In "News" By Yinusa Ishola Offa (Kwara) - Few hours to the commencement of Kwara Government’s 14-day total lockdown directive in Offa, residents are rushing to stock their homes with foodstuff and other household goods. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) who monitored the situation on Wednesday reports that… April 8, 2020 In "Metro"