Munich  –   Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski ended a personal jinx when he opened his account against Fortuna Duesseldorf by scoring twice in a 5-0 win on Saturday. The win ensured the title-holders moved closer to a record-extending 30th Bundesliga title. The thumping victory left leaders Bayern Munich, who are chasing an eighth successive league title, top of the standings on 67 points from 29 games. They are 10 points ahead of second-placed Borussia Dortmund who visit bottom team Paderborn on Sunday. Lewandowski snapped his goal drought versus Fortuna Duesseldorf when he scored for the first time against them to give Bayern Munich a 3-0 lead in the first half. That was after a Mathias Joergensen own goal and a Benjamin Pavard header had opened the floodgates. It also meant the Pole had netted against every current Bundesliga team. He had failed to score in five league meetings versus Fortuna Duesseldorf, either with Bayern Munich or his previous club Borussia Dortmund. The prolific striker’s brace took his season’s tally in all competitions to 43 goals and equalled his personal best, which was set in the 2016/2017 campaign. Bayern Munich coach Hansi Flick thus became the club’s first coach to win 22 of his opening 25 games in charge, and surpassed Pep Guardiola’s record of 21. The coach however stressed he only cared about filling the trophy cabinet. “I am not interested in statistics. It’s about being successful and it was important for us after the Borussia Dortmund game not to let up,” he said, referring to Bayern Munich’s 1-0 win at their closest rivals on Tuesday. Left-back Alphonso Davies, who also got on the scoresheet with the fifth goal, added: “After our game with Borussia Dortmund we wanted to go out and show the same attitude.” France defender Pavard took centre stage when his scuffed shot led to Joergensen’s own goal after 15 minutes, before he made it 2-0 just before the half-hour with a header. It was a header which goalkeeper Florian Kastenmeier got a hand to but could not keep out. It was Lewandowski’s turn to shine as he capped a flowing move with a clinical finish. That was from the heart of the penalty area in the 43rd minute, after a flowing move through the middle. The Poland international made it 4-0 five minutes after the break with another predatory finish. He steered the ball in at the near post with a superb back-heel from Serge Gnabry’s low cross. Davies completed the rout two minutes later after weaving his way through three defenders and firing past Kastenmaier. But the goalkeeper made several fine second half saves to keep the score down. Bayern Munich became the first Bundesliga side to score 86 goals after 29 matches, breaking their own record of 84 in 1973/1974. The result left Fortuna Duesseldorf in 16th place —- the relegation playoff spot —– with 27 points. They are one point behind Mainz 05 and two above Werder Bremen who have a game in hand. (Reuters/NAN) Sofia (Bulgaria) - Dimitar Berbatov has backed Bayern Munich to lift the Champions League’s trophy for a sixth time this season. Berbatov said the German club could have an advantage if the competition resumed after the COVID-19 stoppage due to the Bundesliga’s earlier re-start. “Looking at this year’s Champions League,… May 31, 2020 In "Sports" By Karolos Grohmann BERLIN - Bayern Munich secured a record fourth consecutive Bundesliga title, with a game to spare, on Saturday after a 2-1 victory at Ingolstadt 04 eased the disappointment of their midweek Champions League exit. The Bavarians clinched a 26th German league crown, and their first silverware of… May 8, 2016 In "Sports" Coach Pep Guardiola says he is pleasantly surprised by his Bayern Munich side after they went nine points clear at the top of the Bundesliga. Unbeaten Bayern, who defeated Augsburg 4-0 on Saturday, will be top going into the six-week break from 21 December. "I'm surprised by the mentality of… December 15, 2014 In "Sports"