By Aisha Cole  Lagos   –   The Lagos State Government would soon embark on the ‘Register-to-Open Initiative’ toward gradual reopening of the economy in the state.Director General, Lagos State Safety Commission, Lanre Mojola, told journalists in Ikeja on Sunday that the exercise was in compliance with Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s directives toward reopening of the economy, especially religious and social centres.He said that consultations were ongoing with all stakeholders in partnership with the Ministry of Home Affairs and Ministry of Tourism, Arts and Culture.He noted that upon registration, a verification process would be carried out to ensure adequate space management was put in place across the various centres.Mojola said that the processes would also guarantee that social distancing, hygiene and safety measures were maintained across all religious and social centres.“A committee has been set up by Gov. Sanwo-Olu, headed by the Hon. Commissioner for Special Duties and intergovernmental Relations, Mr Tayo Bamgbose-Martins, consisting of other ministries including, Ministry of Tourism, Arts & Culture, Home Affairs.“The other ministries are Physical Planning and Urban Renewal, Economic Planning and Budget to ensure that the process of reopening was done effortlessly.“The commission has met with various stakeholders in the hospitality and tourism sectors and will be engaging more stakeholders in the coming week on the best approach to the gradual reopening of the economy and registration of entities within the various sectors.“The process is not tedious and time consuming, it takes into account all religious centres, event centres, gyms, night clubs, bars, lounges, spars, cinemas, restaurants, etc,” Mojola said.He appealed for collective effort by all stakeholders to beat the COVID-19 pandemic and urged residents to cooperate with the government in adhering to all safety guidelines. (NAN). Lagos State government has revealed that businesses and worship centres will soon reopen if they meet certain conditions. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, raised the hope on Sunday. Sanwo-Olu said pending when those conditions are met, “the status quo will remain.” The state, which is the epicenter of the virus in the… May 18, 2020 In "News" •Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State LAGOS - Lagos State is considering the full re-opening of the critical sectors of its economy, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu revealed on Sunday. But the move will not be pushed in a hurry. In the coming days, Sanwo-Olu said the State Government would be rolling… May 17, 2020 In "News" Like all crowd-pulling places and events, educational institutions are high-risk areas for coronavirus (COVID-19) infections. But the worrying question is: for how long should educational institutions be on a lockdown given the continuing increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 infections in the country. For example, "Nigeria on Saturday… June 1, 2020 In "Opinion"