By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus  Ilorin  –  Prof. Mohammed Akanbi, the new Vice-Chancellor, Kwara State University (KWASU) Malete, has reaffirmed his commitment to produce world class students that would shape the world, solve problems and generate employment. A statement from the institution’s Acting Director, University Relations, Mrs Hamidat Yusuf, quoted Akanbi making the pledge during a familiarisation tour of the institution. The statement said that all hands must be on deck to produce world class leaders from the university, stressing that no stone will be left unturned to achieve the feat. It said this would be achieved by consolidating on the legacies of Akanbi’s predecessors. ”We are going to work so hard for the next three years and by the fourth year KWASU will be on autopilot. The dream is to build a first class university, it is possible. ”My ambition is to ensure that the kind of students KWASU will produce will be problem solvers, those that will not be asking their parents for jobs, but rather to be job creators. “I already have that foundation in KWASU, it is for me to build on what I met,” the statement quoted Akanbi saying. It noted that Akanbi had used the lockdown period to meet with stakeholders and study documents relating to the institution. According to the statement, the vice-chancellor expressed satisfaction at some of the structures in the school, while promising to maintain them. (NAN) By Bushrah Yusuf-Badmus Ilorin - The Kwara State University (KWASU) has expressed shock over the death of Prof. Pius Adesanmi, in the Ethiopian Airbus 737 Maz 8 that crashed in Addis Ababa on March 10. NAN reports that Adesanmi was the Deputy Director of KWASU’s Abiola Irele School of Theory… March 12, 2019 In "News" Ilorin - The Management and academic staff of the Kwara State University (KWASU), Malete are at loggerhead over the inauguration of the local branch of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). The News Agency of Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the academic staff members have inaugurated a branch… August 24, 2015 In "News" The Kwara State University (KWASU) has expressed shock over the death of Prof. Pius Adesanmi, in the Ethiopian Airbus 737 Maz 8 that crashed in Addis Ababa on March 10. Adesanmi was the Deputy Director of KWASU’s Abiola Irele School of Theory and Criticism, which runs every summer on KWASU… March 12, 2019 In "News"