Coronavirus infections in South Africa surged past 20,000 with close to 400 deaths, Health Minister Zweli Mkhize said on Friday. In a statement the ministry reported 20,125 coronavirus positive cases, and a total of 397 deaths countrywide. The continent’s most industrialised nation has the highest number of coronavirus infections, with the coastal province of the Western Cape accounting for 64 percent of infections. A modelling consortium this week projected that more than a million people in South Africa could be infected by coronavirus, causing at least 40,000 deaths, by the time the disease reaches a likely peak in the country in November. President Cyril Ramaphosa has given the go-ahead for the country to ease lockdown restrictions later this month, having gone into a strict five-tier lockdown on March 27. So far 10,104 people are considered to have recovered since the first case was announced on March 5. The government is staggering the easing of confinement measures to strike a balance between curbing the spread of COVID-19 and safeguarding the economy. Despite a military patrolled lockdown, the government has struggled to keep civilians indoors, particularly in historically overcrowded townships, where many depend on informal trade to survive. With 543,032 tests conducted so far, the country has developed an aggressive COVID-19 screening and testing approach modelled on years of experience fighting tuberculosis and HIV. But government has come in for strong criticism for “draconian” bans on freedoms like purchasing cigarettes and alcohol. The World Health Organisation (WHO) announced on Friday that more than 100,000 cases, including 3,100 deaths, have so far been reported on the African continent. •A police officer keeps watch as people wearing protective face masks queue to receive food aid amid the spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak, at the Itireleng informal settlement, near Laudium suburb in Pretoria, South Africa, May 20, 2020. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa could see up… May 21, 2020 In "Foreign" •A queue of cars are seen at the Maseru Bridge border post between Lesotho and South Africa on March 24, 2020.  Molise Molise / AFP.  South Africa is ramping up its coronavirus screening and testing programmes, officials said on Monday, as the number of COVID-19 cases in the country rose… April 14, 2020 In "Foreign" Mumbai - The number of confirmed new coronavirus cases in South Asia neared 6,000 on Saturday, even as authorities in some cities tightened restrictions on movement and warned lockdowns could be extended in a bid to rein in the pandemic. “If people don’t obey the rules seriously and cases continue… April 4, 2020 In "News"