Rio de Janeiro  –   The Rio de Janeiro government criticised Brazilian champions Flamengo for returning to training on Wednesday. The city’s health secretary said clubs were not yet permitted to restart ball work or physical drills. Flamengo, who won the league and the Copa Libertadores in 2019, recalled their players on Monday after a two-month break caused by the coronavirus pandemic. The city’s health secretary said officials met with the club doctor on Wednesday to reaffirm the regulations. “Flamengo were informed that non-essential activities (which were) suspended (will) remain suspended until May 25,” the health secretary said in a statement. The statement said the club could evaluate and test players for the coronavirus but that training was not permitted, although it did not say if any action would be taken. Flamengo refused to comment on the notification. Brazil’s state championships were suspended in mid-March and none have restarted. Only a few top clubs have recalled their players for training and no date has been set for a restart of the season. Brazil reported another 889 deaths on Wednesday, taking the overall total to 18,860, the highest in South America. (Reuters/NAN) By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - FIFA has joined forces with the UN and World Health Organisation (WHO) in supporting the ‘BeActive’ campaign to encourage people to keep fit and fight the Coronavirus (COVID-19). The WHO said this in a statement posted on its website. According to the statement, the campaign… April 6, 2020 In "Sports" Abuja-The Secretary-General of the Athletics Federation of Nigeria (AFN), Olumide Baminduro on Wednesday announced that athletes would resume camping ahead of the 2016 Rio Olympics on Jan. 2. Baminduro told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that the board of AFN had decided to change the plan in… December 31, 2015 In "Sports" Lisbon - Nine stadiums have passed inspections and been declared ready to host matches when the Portuguese league restarts after the coronavirus stoppage, the league said on Wednesday. A further six need improvements and would be subjected to a second inspection by the government’s DGS health directorate, the league added.… May 21, 2020 In "Sports"