Seoul  – The Seoul city government on Friday ordered all coin-operated karaoke rooms in the city to suspend business ahead of the weekend, in its latest effort to contain the new coronavirus. Under the administrative order which has taken effect, 569 “coin noraebang” will be banned from hosting guests until further notice. The city government, however, said it planned to file compensation suits against businesses where infections occur. According to the city government, those who visit such facilities and later test positive will also have to pay for medical treatment. In a press release, it noted it has issued the administrative order ahead of the weekend “given that coin noraebang are frequently visited by students and that infections have occurred at such facilities.” A number of infections have been reported at coin-operated karaoke facilities in Seoul and surrounding areas. The infection has however put health authorities on alert over additional infections in closed venues, such as bars and internet cafes that are popular among the younger generation. On Thursday, the city government of Incheon, west of Seoul, also ordered a two-week closure of such facilities after infections were reported. The city government said businesses and visitors that breach the order may face fines of up to 3 million won (2,420 dollars). “City authorities and police are scheduled to conduct on-site inspections of the karaoke facilities between May 25 and 31. “The city issues the no-assembly administrative order since it is difficult to manage these facilities under quarantine guidelines,” it added. According to Mayor Park Won-soon, there are many cases in which coin noraebang are operated unmanned and are hard to ventilate. Park also urged other karaoke facilities to strictly follow quarantine guidelines even though they were excluded from Friday’s measure. Of the country’s 11,142 cases of COVID-19 infections, 27.9 per cent involve patients in their twenties. A coin noraebang is a type of karaoke room where people pay per song using coins. (Yonhap/NAN) Seoul - South Korea on Thursday reported 29 more coronavirus cases following cluster infections linked to clubs and bars in Seoul, putting health authorities on edge amid growing concerns over further virus spread. The new cases of COVID-19, with 26 of them being local infections, brought the nation’s total number… May 14, 2020 In "Foreign" Seoul - South Korea will take legal action against some Protestant Churches violating the government’s guidelines for preventing the massive spread of the new coronavirus, its Prime Minister said on Monday. As part of the government’s drive for stricter social distancing, health authorities had advised Churches to follow quarantine measures.… March 23, 2020 In "Foreign" Seoul - The number of coronavirus infections in South Korea passed the 10,000 mark, health authorities said on Friday, with 86 new cases recorded since the previous day. The total number of infections increased to 10,062 and the death toll rose by five to 174, according to the Korea Centers… April 3, 2020 In "Foreign"