There was pandemonium at Olujoda area of Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State capital on Thursday night when the corpse of a 7-year -old girl, Olagoke Morire, was found dead inside a vehicle owned by a co-tenant. The Nation gathered that Morire and his twin sister, Olagoke Mokore were with their cousin in their apartment before they went out to buy biscuits. The mother of the deceased Kehinde Ajayi said her daughter got missing around 1:15pm after Mokore left her in the compound to search for her money she forgot in the room. Ajayi said the deceased’s twin sister and her neighbors raised the alarm when she could not be found and the situation prompted them to conduct a search for the boy around the compound, which proved abortive until 8pm when her corpse was found inside a co-tenant’s vehicle that was parked in their compound. “When we woke up in the morning I took care of my children as usual. They are twins. I gave them money to buy biscuits and left them in the house with my cousin. “Suddenly, I received a distress call from one of my neighbors around 3pm that Morire was missing and that they have searched everywhere but they couldn’t find her. I quickly left what I was doing and rushed home. We searched everywhere to look for her yet we didn’t find her. We reported the incident to Ologede Police Division and we were told to wait for 24hrs before they could take any action. “It was later around 8pm that someone discovered her corpse inside a vehicle parked in our compound with her body peeled off,” she said. When contacted, the Ekiti State Police Public Relation Officer, Abutu Sunday confirmed the incident, describing it as unfortunate. “It was true that a teenager was declared missing and the parents reported the incident in our division at Ologede. So, all efforts to recover the little girl turned out unsuccessful until 8pm. She was found lifeless in one of the car parked within their compound”. He said the corpse of the deceased had been deposited in the Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital’s morgue in Ado-Ekiti, adding that autopsy would be conducted to unravel the cause of the teenager’s death. (The Nation) By Ariwodola Idowu Ado-Ekiti - A seven-year-old girl, Olagoke Morire, who was declared missing on Thursday in Ado Ekiti, was found dead inside a co-tenant’s vehicle. The mother of the deceased, Kehinde Ajayi, while narrating her ordeal on Friday, said the deceased was discovered to be missing at about 1:15pm… May 15, 2020 In "Metro" A five year old girl, Zainab Muritala is missing. She was discovered missing onJuly 19, 2019, when she didn’t return home at 1b Abikoye street, Amukoko, area of Lagos state, after going to buy biscuit, The Nation reports. Her father, Mr Ramon Muritala told The Nation that Zainab was noticed… August 5, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Amnesty International (AI) has accused the Nigerian military of mass slaughter of hundreds of men, women and children by soldiers in Zaria, saying that the attempted cover-up of the alleged crime demonstrates an utter contempt for human life and accountability, The global human rights watchdog… April 22, 2016 In "Top Stories"