South Korean football clubside FC Seoul have been handed a record £67,000 fine for filling their empty stands with sex dolls during their K-League match against Gwangju FC as the league resumed without fans due to the Coronavirus pandemic. Around 20 sex dolls (male and female) were placed in the stadium with some wearing face masks and the team’s jersey colours while others displayed t-shirts and placards with the logo of SoloS, a sex toy seller. According to the club, the sex toys were placed in the arena as a substitute for fans who are not currently allowed to attend games but the K-League authorities have handed a huge £67,000 fine to the club saying that even though the body recognised that the club had not intentionally ordered sex dolls, the club had enough time to realise a mistake had been made before Sunday evening’s kick-off,. They said the club should have know they were sex dolls given their appearance and characteristics. K-League rules state inappropriate or sexual advertisements are not permitted in stadiums. The club have since apologized to fans. ‘We are sincerely sorry for causing deep concern to fans,’ FC Seoul said in a statement to supporters. ‘We have confirmed from the very beginning that they had no connection to sex toys. ‘Our intention from the start was to provide even a small entertainment after it was decided that the games would be hosted behind closed doors due to coronavirus. ‘Regardless of that, we would like to apologise once again to everyone who loves and supports FC Seoul. We will be holding further discussions on how we can review potential problems in similar matters. We will put forth our due diligence to prevent such issues in the future.’ Source ABUJA - The Nigeria National League (NNL) on Wednesday in Abuja said it had suspended till further notice the team captain and secretary of Spotlight Football Club of Katsina. NNL Secretary, Lawrence Katken, who announced this further said the league organising body had also imposed a fine of N200,000 on… June 3, 2015 In "Sports" Seoul, - A South Korean court sentenced a K-pop musician to six years in prison on Friday for raping a woman and distributing a video capturing the act in a case that drew attention to the darker side of the country’s lucrative entertainment industry. Jung Joon-young, 30, was arrested in… November 29, 2019 In "Foreign" Abuja   - All matches involving FC Taraba in the Nigeria National League (NNL) have been placed on hold, the league secretariat said on Friday in Abuja. A statement from the NNL Media Officer, Amar Ignis, said the development was based on the club’s inability to settle its debts to its… May 27, 2016 In "Sports"