By Lydia Ngwakwe  Lagos  –  An NGO, Consumers Awareness and Financial Enlightenment Initiative (CAFEi) says it will carry out massive digital financial literacy campaign to educate customers on the use of digital tools for financial transactions. Its President, Mrs Debola Osibogun, stated this in a communique at the end of a Webinar Discourse in Lagos on Tuesday. Theme of the discourse was: “Going Digital: The New Normal for Financial Transactions”. CAFEi is a non-profit organisation, focussed on public enlightenment, advocacy and research. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the principal objective of the organisation is to aid consumers in making informed decisions on goods and services in all facets of life, including the banking and finance sector. Osibogun said that future of financial system was cashless through digital tools which had made payment systems to remain the most active digital financial platform. She pledged her organisation’s commitments to work with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to protect consumers’ rights through several policies of the apex bank. “Consumers have low level of awareness about their rights. “Consumers’ rights need to be protected in respect of the underlying risks in digital financial services as most users are not aware of the implications. “CAFEi and CBN have role to play in creating awareness in this regard,” she said. The CAFEi president also said the organisation would work with CBN on financial education through radio jingles, advertisements and infograhics for mass digital financial enlightenment. She urged the apex bank to renew efforts made so far in the enforcement of regulations and policies designed to protect users of banks’ services. Osibogun urged government to partner NCC and telecommunication companies to raise infrastructure funds to increase internet accessibility and create opportunity for people to generate income. She urged customers to be conscious and protect themselves from fraudulent activities, saying everybody has responsibility in self-regulation and self-learning. According to her, fraudsters are more digital savvy and some victims are tracked through their activities on the social media platforms. Osibogun said digital financial services would serve as preventive measure in the light of COVID-19 by reducing cash handling. She said it would also boost customers confidence and trust in the usage of digital platforms. Osibogun advised financial institutions to be holistic in their drive for digital financial services by integrating low-income earners into digital platforms. The CAFEi president advised that the digital equivalent of cash should be acceptable across board, especially in the payment system. She suggested that relevant technology tools should be adopted and adapted in line with Nigeria’s peculiarities in terms of languages, to meet the needs of Nigerians. Osibogun called for the building of a system that would integrate the current customers into digital financial services to avoid limiting the number of Nigerians that could access the digital platforms. The president said there was also need for the institutions to integrate customers’ experience and users’ interface in designing their products and services. She called for co-creation of financial products and services by the customers, financial service providers and other stakeholders to deliver more effective solutions. Osibogun also advised the sector to take responsibility for self-regulation so as to prevent customers from escalating disputes to regulators. She said the organisation would collaborate with the NCC to ensure reduction in the cost of data. According to her, this will make digital financial services affordable. (NAN) By Funmilola Gboteku Lagos -  Prof. Umar Danbatta , the Executive Vice Chairman, Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), on Friday called for adequate education to attain the required financial inclusion in the country. Danbatta made the call at the Vanguard Conference in Lagos on Friday. He was represented by the Deputy… September 28, 2018 In "News" By Franca Ofili Abuja - The Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare, says 500,000 youths will be equipped with digital skills to enable them to acquire digital tools to become entrepreneurs. Dare said this in Abuja on Monday during the singing of a Memorandum of Understanding with… January 20, 2020 In "News" By Oluwatope Lawason and Sandra Umeh Lagos - Prof. Patrick Utomi, a Director at Feedbackhall.com, on Saturday urged consumers to always read terms and conditions of digital products before purchase, to avoid complaints. Utomi made this known during a press briefing to mark 2019 World Consumer Rights Day in Lagos.… March 16, 2019 In "Business"