Kano State Governor, Umar Ganduje, has called for compliance with the lockdown in state two days after asking the Federal Government to ease the restriction, The PUNCH reports. President Buhari had in a nationwide broadcast on Monday ordered a total lockdown in the state as part of measures to curb the spread of coronavirus disease. But Ganduje asked the Federal Government to ease the 14-day total lockdown on Thursday, saying it would result in economic hardship in the state. The governor’s appeal, however, led to an outrage on social media, with many commenters asking him to prioritise the health of residents. On Friday, Kano recorded 92 new cases – the highest daily figure to be reported in any state in Nigeria within 24 hours. After the new cases recorded on Friday, the governor in a series of tweets on Saturday said the lockdown was necessary to curb the spread of the virus. He also urged residents to obey the lockdown order and maintain social distancing. He tweeted, “We’re working fast to deal with the spread of #COVID19 in our great state with the conversion of some facilities in the state to isolation centres. The Abubakar Imam Urology Hospital, Murtala Muhammed Library Complex, Hospitality and Tourism Institute formerly Daula Hotel. “Sports Institute at Karfi and the Nigerian Air Force Hospital will now house carriers of the pandemic going forward. The Murtala Muhammad Library Complex is expected to accommodate over 200 beds and also an estimated 300 beds will be provided at Karfi Sports Institute. “I reiterate my plea for all Kano citizens to adhere to the lockdown rule. We need to slow down the virus and this is only possible with social distancing. Please stay in your homes.” With the 92 new coronavirus cases recorded on Friday, confirmed infections in Kano have increased to 311. Data from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control’s website showed that Kano has recorded no recovery since Nigeria reported its first COVID-19 case on February 27. The breakdown of the cases recorded by states showed that Kano has recorded the second-highest number of infections with 311 cases in Nigeria. Lagos has the highest number of infections with 1,006 cases and Abuja third with 214 cases. Cases in Lagos, Kano, and Abuja constitute over 70 per cent of the total cases recorded in Nigeria, The PUNCH reports. A further breakdown of the data revealed that Kano is the COVID-19 worst-hit state in the northern part of Nigeria. The NCDC said, “It tweeted, “On the 1st of May 2020, 238 new confirmed cases and ten deaths were recorded in Nigeria. No new state has reported a case in the last 24 hours. “Till date, 2,170 cases have been confirmed, 351 cases have been discharged and 68 deaths have been recorded in 34 states and the Federal Capital Territory. “The 238 new cases are reported from twenty-two states- Kano (92), FCT (36), Lagos (30), Gombe (16), Bauchi (10), Delta (8), Oyo (6), Zamfara (5), Sokoto (5), Ondo (4), Nasarawa (4), Kwara (3), Edo (3), Ekiti (3), Borno (3), Yobe (3), Adamawa (2), Niger (1), Imo (1), Ebonyi (1), Rivers (1), Enugu (1). Source There is serious pressure on Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari to relax restrictions as the lockdown declared in Lagos, Ogun and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to curb the spread of COVID-19 expires today even as confirmed cases of the virus continues to increase in the country. The Nigeria Labour Congress… April 27, 2020 In "Politics" KANO - Governor Abdullahi Ganduje said at a press briefing on Saturday that the lockdown imposed by the federal government on Kano will be eased to allow for free movement of people within certain periods. Ganduje said the decision to ease the lockdown was taken with the consent of President… May 2, 2020 In "News" By Ramatu Garba Kano - The Kano State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of 15 suspects for allegedly violating the lockdown order of the state government. DSP Abdullahi Haruna, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on… April 21, 2020 In "News"