From a historical lens, the infection-free record of Cross River State may be understandable. The state qualifies to be given the benefit of doubt for certain reasons. First, the governor, Prof. Ben Ayade appears to be operating from a point of view and strength of knowledge as an expert in environmental microbiology with a Ph.D from the University of Ibadan (Nigeria’s premier university). This explanatory factor or variable cannot just be dismissed with a wave of the hand, if we recall that one of the reasons why the Republic of Germany was reported to have performed better than other European countries in combating the COVID-19 disease is because its leader, Chancellor Angela Merkel is a scientist. The Homeland Security News Wire in a piece titled: The Secret to Germany’s COVID-19 Success: Angela Merkel is a Scientist, described Chancellor Merkel as Scientist-in-Chief. She was described as an effective leader who was relying on science and evidence-based reasoning in the fight against COVID-19. Again, she was said to be rigorous in collating information, honest in stating what is not yet known, and maintaining good composure, all of which paid off (See http://www.homelandsecuritynewswire.com/dr20200421-the-secret-to-germany-s-covid19-success-angela-merkel-is-a-scientist). In addition to this and for the purpose of this article, the Republic of Germany is a strong federation, where inter-governmental cooperation and collaboration are well institutionalised. This fact has also enhanced the verve of inter-governmental relations management towards the containment of COVID-19 pandemic across the country. For us again in this article, Prof. Ayade as a scientist and as an expert (like Chancellor Merkel also) has been deploying knowledge to its correct and full use right from the commencement of the fight against the coronavirus. His approach so far demonstrates the power of pro-active measures (preparedness and prevention) in the fight against COVID-19. More details on this thesis will drive the point home. First, Governor Ayade in his proactive approach was among the few governors that ordered the closure of their state borders earlier enough to prevent the transmission of the virus in his domain. As we would recall, the governor as early as the month of March, prevented 35 Americans from entering into the state (through an Air Peace flight) in line with his ban on cross-border movements on land, air and sea (See https://www.vanguardngr.com/2020/03/covid-19-why-we-refused-35-americans-entry-into-calabar-%E2%80%95-ayades-aide/). Secondly, ahead of other governors also, the governor on April 1, 2020, declared that ‘no resident of the state would be allowed to leave home without a face mask’. The order took effect on Wednesday April 3, 2020. As the Vanguard newspaper reported it: COVID-19: Ayade goes tough on residents, says no nose mask, no movement (see https://www.vanguardngr.com/2020/04/breaking-covid-19-ayade-goes-tough-on-residents-says-no-nose-mask-no-movement/). And in order to demonstrate the seriousness of his policy of no- mask, no-movement, the governor imposed a fine of N300,000 against any driver who carries passengers without wearing face masks. The driver’s vehicle would only be released after the fine is paid and after being quarantined for 14 days. Encouragingly, to give the policy a human face, the governor ordered that face masks should be distributed free of charge to everyone in the state, having brilliantly and commendably converted his government-established Garment factory in Calabar into a mask-making industry. There was definitely therefore no reason for anyone to refuse wearing a face mask in Cross River State. This again demonstrates the power of prevention in the fight against COVID-19, and more than anything else, exemplifies the full deployment of knowledge in fighting COVID-19. Thirdly, after setting up the COVID-19 Response Team (State Task Force on COVID-19), Governor Ayade released the sum of N500,000 and 20 vehicles to enable the team perform its task effectively. The Response Team has been doing a great job ever since then. Fourthly, in the area where many critics thought the governor was not doing well, the governor has made amends. This is because as critics began to appreciate his knowledge-driven style (though misunderstood and seen as out-rightly uncooperative and hostile towards the federal government health officials), the governor too adjusted his style of responding to criticisms on the management of COVID-19 in his state. For instance, in the area of lack of testing, samples are being sent out for such.  Again, his initial uncooperative and hostile attitude towards officials of NCDC who he had threatened to quarantine for 14 days if they visit the state for their official duties, he backed down, as the officials have actually visited and left the state satisfied with what they saw. As we can see from news reports below, the federal and Cross River state governments are now on the same page with respect to cooperation and collaboration in the management of COVID-19. As the governor’s efforts appeared to have yielded good results, the Federal Government through the  Minister of Health Dr. Esagie Ehanire, in turn has commended the governor. At the PTF on COVID-19 National Briefing on 21 May 2020, the minister announced that the fact finding team to Calabar was back and a report has been submitted. He commended Governor Ben Ayade for his proactive approach (our emphasis), and promised to work with the state teams to ensure a scale-up surveillance and contact tracing in the state.  He also promised to explore the possibility of upgrading laboratories in the state to ensure ease of testing when suspected cases are identified (See https://statehouse.gov.ng/covid19/2020/05/21/national-briefing-may-21-2020-remarks-by-minister-of-health/). But very interestingly, the leader of the NCDC delegation to Cross River State, Dr. Omobolanle Olowu, said that they have every reason to believe that COVID-19 has not spread to the state as a result of the swift response and proactive measures (also our emphasis) put in place by the state governor, Prof. Ben Ayade, to keep the ravaging virus away from the state. She further said that they were surprised at the level of work that has been put in place by the state government. Finally, she also said that all the people they saw were on face masks with different teams at various points in the state (see report by Bassey Inyang of THISDY newspaper, via https://allafrica.com/stories/202005190279.html). Looking back now on the dynamics and verve of the cooperation between the federal and Cross River State governments on the fight against COVID-19 so far, we can conclude that the adoption by Governor Ayade of a style of non-cooperation and non-collaboration with the Federal Government initially on the strength of knowledge and strategy, is quite different from also a hostile style by another governor driven unfortunately by ignorance, arrogance, outright deceit and self-delusion. In conclusion, we can say that since Governor Ayade’s state government preparedness and proactive response plan, has proved to be successful and commendable too, his critics can now (with hindsight) forgive the exuberance with which he initially handled his relationship with the Federal Government on the containment of COVID-19. In the last part (part 3) of this article, we will discuss further (by the special grace of God) the level of federal-state governments’ cooperation and collaboration on COVID-19 containment, with examples from few other states, on Friday, May 29, 2020. •Prof. Obasi, a public policy expert (& former columnist in the Daily Trust, Abuja, March 2003 to October 2006, & Daily Champion, Lagos, April 2005 to December 2008), is of the Department of Public Administration, University of Abuja. Email: nnamdizik@gmail.com •Prof Ben Ayade CALABAR: The Cross River State Government has received purchasing orders from the governments of Lagos and Kano States to supply nose masks. Governor Ben Ayade disclosed this on Monday while inspecting the production of masks at the state’s Garment Factory in Calabar. Lagos requested for one million… April 28, 2020 In "News" The chancellor’s rigor in collating information, her honesty in stating what is not yet known, and her composure are paying off BERLIN—Today, we face the global outbreak of a disease that has the potential to catalyze what the historian Eva Schlotheuber terms a “pandemic of the mind.” As misinformation proliferates… April 21, 2020 In "Foreign" •Top: President Muhammadu Buhari; Down from left: Governors Babajide Sanwo-Olu, Yahaya Bello and Ben Ayade of Lagos, Kogi and Cross River states respectively Federations all over the world (and there are not very many of them though), thrive on the verve of inter-governmental cooperation and collaboration. The Nigerian federation, despite… May 25, 2020 In "Opinion"