Engineer Muaz Magaji, the Kano State Commissioner for Works and Infrastructures Development who was sacked after being accused of “celebrating” the death of late Chief of staff to the President, Abba Kyari, has tested positive for Coronavirus. The Kano Commissioner for Information, Malam Muhammad Garba said Magaji was sacked over his “unguarded utterances against the person of the late Chief of Staff to the President, Malam Abba Kyari” who died from Coronavirus complications. In what seems to be a twist of event, Magaji has now announced the outcome of his Coronavirus test to his over 23,000 followers on Facebook. He further revealed that he has been moved to one of the isolation centres in the state. He wrote; This morning my NCDC test is out. I have been confirmed Covid-19 Positive And have been moved to one of the state facilities…pray for us! Going through a historical moment of our time… A time we will either live to remember or we will be remembered having lived in! Which ever applies Alhamdulillah! Thank you all! Its our collective fight! Those you know and many that you don’t know are in this…. But together we will come out stronger.. Insha Allah!  Magaji medical test was made public, hours after the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) confirmed 30 new cases of Coronavirus in Kano state. The state currently has 427 confirmed cases of Coronavirus. Source •Abba Kyari KANO - The Governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has sacked the Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, Mu’azu Magaji, over his comments on death of Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to the President Muhammadu Buhari. Magaji was said to have rejoiced publicly after the death of… April 18, 2020 In "News" Aisha Abba Kyari, the daughter of Late Chief of Staff to President Muhamadu Buhari, Abba Kyari, has reacted to criticism following her father's death. Abba Kyari died at the age of 67 as a result of coronavirus complications. Recall that since his death, many controversies have trailed Abba Kyari with… April 28, 2020 In "News" •Babagana Kingibe Three frontrunners have emerged in the race for a successor to Mallam Abba Kyari, erstwhile Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, who succumbed to Coronavirus on Friday and was buried yesterday in Abuja.  •Hammed Ali The three, according to informed sources, are Ambassador Babagana Kingibe, who was… April 19, 2020 In "Top Stories"