By Yakubu Uba Maiduguri  –  The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Saddique Abubakar, says the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) is to deploy more forces to Maiduguri in the ongoing fight against insurgency. Abubakar made this known during a working visit to the Air Task Force of “Operation Lafiya Dole” on Wednesday in Maiduguri. According to him, the deployment of more forces was to strengthen the task force. The CAS who inaugurated some projects including accommodation during the visit said it was meant to cater for the additional personnel to be deployed. “The security challenges faced by Nigeria are obstacles to development that can only be surmounted if we remain resolute in the fight against insurgency and other forms of criminality. “I, however, make bold to say that we have, so far, confronted these elements head-on, and for that, I am proud of you all gallant officers and men of the Nigerian Air Force. ”The NAF, through the Air Task Force Op LAFIYA DOLE, has continued to perform very critical roles in providing the much needed air support required for ground operations. “In pursuit of NAF constitutional roles, and in line with my vision for the force, I have constantly sought, not only to evolve strategies that will enable the Service adequately project air power to effectively and efficiently deal with prevalent security threats. ”But to also see to it that personnel welfare is given utmost priority,” the air staff chief said. He said that his administration would continue to do its best to ensure that accommodation problems are eradicated in the NAF. ”As we inaugurate these projects today, I urge you all to utilize the facilities with a high sense of responsibility. “It is my expectation that you will reciprocate by dealing with more effective punches against the remaining Boko Haram insurgents. ”I urge you not to relent as we have to continue fighting until the insurgents are completely eliminated,” Abubakar said. The CAS further cautioned officers and men on the challenge of COVID-19 and urged them to follow all precautionary measures directed by medical experts to remain safe from the pandemic. Earlier, the Air Task Force Commander, Air Commodore Precious Amadi, who briefed the CAS on activities of the command since January to date, said it flew for 1669 hours in 889 missions to deliver 1,075 sorties. Amadi lauded the support by CAS in areas of welfare and discharge of their assigned task. According to Amadi, apart from supporting ground troops, the command also engaged in humanitarian services to host communities to win their support and confidence. (NAN) By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - The Nigeria Air Force (NAF), says it has established an aircraft hangar at the 105 Composite Command, Maiduguri, to enhance its operations in the counter insurgency campaign in the northeast. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal, Sadique Abubakar, made the disclosure at the… March 2, 2020 In "News" By Rabiu Sani Maiduguri - Air Marshal Sadiq Abubakar, the Chief of Air Staff (CAS), on Saturday said Nigeria Air Force has would soon deploy two additional helicopter gunships to support the ongoing operations against the bandits in the North-West. Abubakar made the disclosure while speaking with newsmen in Maiduguri.… April 14, 2019 In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) says it has taken delivery of two new Agusta 109 Power attack helicopters. Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, made this known in a statement on Monday in Abuja. The helicopters are currently being assembled… April 23, 2019 In "News"