Nigerian striker Odion Ighalo’s future at Manchester United is reportedly shaky as his parent Chinese club, Shanghai Shenhua have ordered him to return for full training with the club at the end of this month, when his loan deal with Manchester United expires. Ighalo joined Manchester United on the last day of January, securing a loan move till the end of the season, and united were desperate to keep a hold of him following his good performances for the club but the Coronavirus imposed football break has changed the landscape of things. As it is now, unless United are willing to make full contract negotiations with Shanghai Shenhua, Ighalo will be forced to return to China for the start of the Chinese football league season. Although Ighalo wanted to stay at Manchester United despite receiving a lower salary than what he is used to at Shanghai, Shanghai Shenhua have rejected United’s requests to keep Ighalo at Old Trafford for another three months. According to Daily Mail UK, Shanghai have the final say and are determined to get Ighalo back, having offered the former Watford player a two-year contract extension until 2024 on improved terms of £400,000 a week. United paid a £3m loan fee for Ighalo at the end of January and have also been contributing £130,000 to his weekly wages, even though they haven’t played in two-and-a-half months. Having initially taken him on loan until May 31, they want to keep Ighalo until the end of August when the season is now expected to finish, but Shanghai haverefused to budge in negotiations. Source Manchester United have finally confirmed the £3million loan signing of Odion Ighalo from Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua, as United see him as a short-term fix to striker problems following Marcus Rashford’s injuries. Man Utd sealed the shock deal late on Friday evening on deadline day for the former Watford striker.… February 1, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United striker Odion Ighalo has yet to set foot in the club’s training ground since joining on loan from Shanghai Shenhua, British media reported on Thursday. Media reports said this was after he was told to stay away due to concerns over the coronavirus. The flu-like virus has killed… February 13, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United, Nigeria international, Odion Ighalo, has been rewarded with a hefty bonus of £92,000 (approximately N39m) after just making 8 appearances for his new club, excluding his weekly £120,000 wages. Since joining the Red Devils on loan from Shanghai Shenhua in the January transfer window, the 30-year-old has been… March 20, 2020 In "Sports"