A 52 year old woman known as Lisa Urso, has been found dead in her home in Illinois after she was mauled to death by her French bulldog. Lisa had recently adopted the dog, which authorities say was bred to fight, and she was found dead at the back of her Ingleside home on Saturday evening. According to reports, the dog had attacked her boyfriend on a previous occasion. Police authorities say the attack happened at her home, and Urso’s boyfriend was not home at the time of the attack. The rescue bulldog had been involved in dog fights in the past according to authorities. ‘It wasn’t the neck, most (bite marks) were (on) her legs and arms,’ Lake County Coroner Dr. Howard Cooper explained to WGN. ‘Some on her torso as well. Just a lot of bites. A lot of scratching, I hate to say it but unfortunately it was a vicious attack.’ ‘You don’t really think about it happening with a smaller dog breed but we forget animals can be powerful,’ Cooper said. ‘This animal has a lot of jaw strength.’ Before her death, Lisa was a huge animal rights activist, and was a member of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA). Source Ukrain - A woman has left people in serious shock after beheading her husband before feeding his manhood to a dog.  After suffering years of domestic abuse, a 48 year-old Ukrainian woman has strangled her husband, beheaded him and hacked off his p*nis, throwing it to her dog to eat… September 5, 2019 In "Metro" A Russian woman has survived being buried alive in a savage bear attack. Mother of two Natalya Pasternak, 55, was walking in a forest near Tynda, in the far-east Amur Region of Russia earlier this week. The bear attacked her and her dog, but a companion who was walking with… May 17, 2015 In "Foreign" Thieves stole a French bulldog puppy from a carer's home while she helped people with dementia in a gruelling shift during the coronavirus pandemic. Dion Taha, from Sheffield, Yorkshire, has put up a £1,000 reward for information which leads to the safe return of three-month-old Bella. The 46-year-old was out… April 1, 2020 In "News"