OWERRI – With a stroke pen, Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, on Friday, ended payment of pensions, allowances and gratuities to former his predecessors in office, their deputies as well as Speakers of the House of Assembly and their deputies. Uzodinma, did this when he accented to a Bill repealing the law that created the payments at the Sam Mbakwe the Exco Chambers, Government House, Owerri, the Imo State capital on Friday.The governor noted that repealing the law has become necessary because it runs contrary to the 1999 constitution as amended, which stipulates that a pensioner must have worked for at least 10 years and must be up to 45 years of age. Governor Uzodimma noted: “Apart from the inconsistency of such a law to the provisions of the grundnorm, which is the Constitution of 1999 (as amended), this has led for a very long time a precedence that does not encourage diligence and prudence in service delivery.’’ He regretted a situation where some of the beneficiaries of such payments equally get huge amount of money as salaries and allowances in other positions they occupied such as seating Senators or Members of the House of Representatives. While thanking the Imo State House of Assembly for rising to the occasion and embracing totally the desire of government to strengthen the internally generated revenue base of the State, Governor Uzodimma assured of his commitment and desire to grow an economy that will stand the test of time. Addressing newsmen at the end of the exercise, the Speaker of Imo State House of Assembly, Hon. Chiji Collins informed that they presented two Bills for the Governor’s accent: the Bill on Imo State University of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences and Bill on the repeal of Pensions and Gratuity. Collins said that the Bill on Pensions and Gratuity has long been repealed in many States of the Federation when it was discovered to run contrary to the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (as amended). The Bill on Imo State University of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences, the Speaker explained, is to ensure that the University is moved to where it belongs: the Imo State College of Agriculture Umuagwo where the National Universities Commission (NUC) visited for accreditation and not Aboh Mbaise as people are clamouring. Present at the signing of the Bill to repeal the Law on Pensions, Allowancesand Gratuities include the Deputy Governor of Imo State, Prof. Placid Njoku; the Deputy Speaker of Imo State House of Assembly, Hon. Amara Iwuanyanwu; the Majority Leader, Uche Ogbuagu and other members of Imo State House of Assembly, as well as some members of the State expanded Executive Council. (Whirlwindnews) Imo State House of Assembly has repealed the 2007 pension act which effectively stripped ex- governors , their deputies and ex- speakers of their pensions and privileges, Daily Sun reports. The executive bill is entitled, “A bill for a law to repeal the Imo State governors and Speakers Pension and… May 22, 2020 In "Politics" The payment of pension and gratuity to former governors and deputy governors has been nullified by the National Industrial Court for not being in consonance with what is fixed by the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission. The court gave the judgment on Thursday while ruling in a suit brought… January 4, 2020 In "News" By Thompson Yamput Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The National Industrial Court sitting in Jos on Monday dismissed a suit filed by Alhaji Garba Umar, former Deputy Governor of Taraba, seeking N236 million as gratuity and pension. Delivering judgment, Justice Kenneth Amadi, dismissed the suit for lacking in merit. News Agency… January 13, 2020 In "News"