LAGOS (SundiataPost) Three of the returnees recently evacuated from Dubai have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). The Commissioner for Health in Lagos State, Professor Akin Abayomi, announced this on Sunday via his Twitter handle. He said the evacuees tested positive following a test conducted on them and have been admitted to the COVID-19 care centre for appropriate treatment protocols. According to Professor Abayomi, the state government would continue to adhere strictly to quarantine protocols and enforce necessary precautionary measures in order to contain the spread of the pandemic. He appealed to the residents of the state, particularly those who recently returned to the country to cooperate with the government’s COVID-19 response team at all times. Read the tweets by the commissioner below: #COVID19Lagos Alert 3 of the returnees recently evacuated from Dubai have tested positive for #COVID19 infection following #COVID19 test conducted on them. Those affected have been admitted to @followlasg #COVID19 care centre for appropriate treatment protocols. pic.twitter.com/BTg9ELLjsz — Prof. Akin Abayomi (@ProfAkinAbayomi) May 17, 2020 I again urge Lagos residents and particularly those who recently returned to the country to cooperate with our #COVID19 response team as may be desirable at all times and in all circumstances. Let’s continue to #StaySafe #ForAGreaterLagos — Prof. Akin Abayomi (@ProfAkinAbayomi) May 17, 2020 More to follow… Lagos State government on Thursday night retracted its earlier claim that one of the returnees from Dubai, died of COVID-19, according to Nigerian Tribune. This happened after other returnees, quarantined at an isolation centre in Lekki, had protested in a viral video clip, accusing the Lagos State Health Commissioner of… May 15, 2020 In "News" By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos - Prof. Akin Abayomi, Lagos State Commissioner for Health, says 10 people associated with the Lagos State House in Marina have tested positive for COVID-19 pandemic. Abayomi made this known on Thursday through his Twitter handle. The commissioner also announced that Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu and his… May 7, 2020 In "Health" One of the 265 Nigerians airlifted back home from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) is dead, Lagos Health Commissioner Prof Akin Abayomi, has confirmed. The 265 were in the first batch of 678 Nigerians flown back into the country from the UAE, United Kingdom (UK) and United States (U.S.). Prof… May 13, 2020 In "News"