OWERRI (SundiataPost) – Former Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha, has approached the State High Court, Owerri, seeking an order to stop the State House of Assembly from investigating him over the alleged missing N19.63 billion. The fund was alleged to have fraudulently disappeared from the Local Governments (LG) Accounts between May  and  December 31st 2019. The former governor is praying the court to grant an  order of perpetual injunction restraining the house of Assembly from inviting him for an investigation into the alleged missing LG funds Respondents in the suit, instituted on May 5, are the speaker and the clerk of the State House of Assembly. The suit is also asking for an order of the court  to set aside any summon or invitation to Ihedioha by the State House of Assembly or its agents to appear before it for an investigation on the said LG funds The fund was declared missing after the release of an interim audit report by the state Auditor General for Local government and Chieftaincy affairs detailing how N19.63B fraudulently disappeared from the Local governments Accounts between May  and  December 31st 2019. (Daily Sun) •Ihedioha and Okorocha Okorocha's first daughter is married to Uche Nwosu, the Action Alliance 2019 candidate who came second in the last governorship election in the state, which Ihedioha won.  The immediate past governor of Imo State, Rochas Okorocha, has told his successor, Emeka Ihedioha, to order a member of… July 28, 2019 In "Top Stories" •Tanko Muhammad, Chief Justice of Nigeria •Hope Uzodinma and Emeka Ihedioha On Wednesday, January 15, 2020, former Vice President of Nigeria and presidential candidate of the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP)), Atiku Abubakar advised the sacked Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha to respect and abide the court ruling. It… February 17, 2020 In "Opinion" Imo State Governor Emeka Ihedioha has denied ordering the ongoing demolition of one of the Akachi towers, one of the monuments erected by his predecessor. The demolition is coming barely 24 hours after Ihedioha assumed office. Scores of Imo indigenes have condemned the action, stating the monument was constructed with… May 30, 2019 In "Top Stories"