Governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, has disowned a condolence letter circulating on the internet addressed to Comrade Emma Powerful, Media and Publicity Secretary of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB). The letter written on the Governor’s letterhead is purportedly signed by Governor Ikpeazu himself, conveying the condolences of the Abia State Government on the alleged death of IPOB Leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. Dated 2nd May, 2020, the letter is entitled CONDOLENCE MESSAGE ON THE DEATH OF MAZI NNAMDI KANU. The letter said that “The ASG has received with great shock, the news of the untimely death of its illustrious son, founder and leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu.” It said towards the end: “While the interment and other burial rites are being awaited, the Government enjoins all Abians and IPOB members to remain calm, peaceful, law abiding and go about their normal businesses.” However, approached for comments by News Express, Abia State Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, dismissed the letter as fake. “FAKE” he wrote in reply to News Express enquiries. facebook sharing button Sharetwitter sharing button Tweetlinkedin sharing button Sharewhatsapp sharing buttonemail sharing buttonpinterest sharing button Source The leadership of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under Mazi Okwudili Ezenachukwu have warned other pro-Biafra groups against taking actions inimical to ‎the Biafra struggle. This came at a time the IPOB under Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is engaging in war of words with Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State, … February 22, 2018 In "Top Stories" •IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu By Pamela Eboh, Awka  The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has insisted that former Deputy Senate president, Ike Ekweremadu, was among some Igbo elites that played active role in the plot to assassinate him and kill the dream of an… August 21, 2019 In "Top Stories" •Nnamdi Kanu A criminal complaint has been lodged against the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, at the International Criminal Court (ICC), in The Hague, Netherlands. The complaint dated September 2, 2019, was filed by one Thomas Carroll of GAYLORD POPP, LLC, acting on behalf of… September 9, 2019 In "Top Stories"