Nollywood actor, Kevin Ikeduba has claimed that God left Nigeria a long time ago. He made the assertion on IG live, saying God can answer individual prayers but as for Nigeria as a country, God has since left the country.Backing his opinion, he stated that Nigeria has the most influential pastors and Islamic clerics in the world, the country also has the biggest worship centers, so they do not need God. “God does not recognize Nigeria as a country, God recognizes the individuals. God left this country a long time ago. We have the richest pastors and alfas in the world. We are the country that goes to mosque Friday to Friday. We are the only country that goes to church Monday to Monday. Na we dey do fasting, na we dey do everything. But look at our country, so who have they been praying to you.” He also spoke about China which is the fastest developing country in the world having only 1% of Christians and Muslims. According to him, the rest of the nation consist of people who don’t believe in God yet they are successful. Watch the video below; Source Nollywood is about to experience a legal battle between two of her top actresses, in the persons of Toyin Abraham and Lizzy Anjorin. The two movie stars haven’t been best of friends for a while now and apparently, their fight has reached a legal climax. Recall, Lizzy Anjorin had earlier… September 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" •Pastor Olukoya LAGOS - The General  Overseer of the  Mountain of Fire & Miracles  Ministries Worldwide, Dr. Daniel Kolawole Olukoya, has urged Nigerians to live in peace and love one another in obedience to God's command.  The man of God, popularly called "DKO", who gave the advice in a message… October 1, 2019 In "Metro" Sundiata Post (Sundiata Post) - President Goodluck Jonathan on Wednesday took his 2015 presidential campaign to Benin, the Edo State, saying what the country needed for now was transformation and not change as being bandied by the All Progressive Congress (APC). [pro_ad_display_adzone id="10"] Speaking to a mammoth crowd at the… February 4, 2015 In "News"