By Ahmed Mohammed Kaigama Bauchi  –  The Police Command in Bauchi has arrested a 19-year-old suspected leader of a kidnap gang, Mohammed Jibrin alias Al-amin, with three others for kidnapping a 15-year-ol school boy. Mr Philip Maku, the Commissioner of Police in the state, disclosed this while parading the suspects on Thursday in Bauchi. He said the gang of four kidnappers were arrested for criminal conspiracy, kidnapping and culpable homicide. Maku said that the leader of suspects, Jibrin, was arrested with three other members of his gang after reportedly demanding N10 million from their victim. “Last month, one Dr Sulaiman Auwal of Ibrahim Bako, behind AYM Shafa filling station, Bauchi, reported that he received a phone call from an unknown person, saying they had kidnapped his son. “One Abubakar Sadiq Suleiman, 19, demanded the sum of N10 million as ransom. “Upon receipt of the report, the police detectives from the Anti-kidnapping Unit swung into action and arrested the suspects,” he said. The police boss said that the gang leader, Jibrin, confessed that on April 4, 2020, he and one Abdulrahman Sulaiman, 29, criminally conspired, killed and buried their victim, Abubakar Sadiq Suleiman, in their compound. “They used part of the ransom paid through his account to buy Mercedes E320 4matic at the cost of N1, 650, 000.He added that they also bought i-phone at the cost of N156, 000. The police boss also said that in a separate operation, the team arrested three other suspects in connection with the case of kidnapping and culpable homicide. He assured that all the suspects would be charged to court after investigation. Maku, however, enjoined members of the public to be vigilant and report any suspected persons to the police without delayed. (NAN) Lokoja - Police in Lokoja have arrested 27 persons for alleged kidnapping and armed robbery in different parts of the state. The Kogi State Police Commissioner, Mr Yakubu Usman, paraded the suspects before newsmen on Friday in Lokoja. Usman said that one of them led his gang to kidnap a… April 8, 2016 In "Metro" By Nabilu Balarabe Jalingo -   The Commissioner of Police in Taraba, Mr David Akinremi, on Tuesday in Jalingo announced the arrest of nine persons suspected to be kidnappers. Akinremi told newsmen that the command’s anti-kidnapping team had, on Feb. 22, arrested Jibrin Buba, Suleiman Ahmadu, Haruna Abdullahi and Usman… March 21, 2018 In "Metro" Bauchi- The police in Bauchi said on Tuesday that it arrested 12 suspects and recovered 14 stolen vehicles and motor cycles within one week. The Police Public Relations Officer in the State, DSP Haruna Muhammed, made this known when he brought the suspects before newsmen. Muhammed also said detectives attached… March 4, 2015 In "News"