Two persons lost their lives while twelve sustained varying degrees of injury in an auto crash on the Onitsha/Owerri Expressway, Anambra State. The crash which occured at about 7am involved a tipper without registration number and a commercial bus with registration number NEN59XQ. The Nation gathered that the accident was caused by excessive speeding, resulting in loss of control by the driver whose leg was cut off in the crash. An eyewitness said the tipper driver was negotiating into his house when the bus rammed into it. “It was caused by excessive speed by the driver who lost control and rammed in the lorry. “Again, the crash occurred during a downpour which must have blurred visibility,” the source stated The Sector Public Education Officer of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Anambra State, Pascal Anigbo, who confirmed the incident, said 15 persons , 10 adult males and five adult females, were involved in the crash. He said,” 12 people sustained serious injuries, out of which Seven were rushed to Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital while the other five victims were rushed to God’s Favour Hospital Okohia, both in Ihiala town. “Two victims, the driver whose leg was amputated in the crash and another victim had been confirmed dead by doctors at the hospital. “The rescue operation was jointly carried out by operatives of the NPF, DSS, FRSC and NSCDC. The obstruction caused was cleared to ease movement of other vehicles.” The Nation By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - No fewer than nine persons were confirmed dead on Saturday while 12 others sustained various degrees of injuries in a separate accidents around Ijebu Ife axis on Sagamu – Ijebu -Ode – Benin  expressway. Mr Clement Oladele,  Sector Commander,  Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in… October 27, 2019 In "Metro" By Lucy Osuizigbo Awka - The Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Monday confirmed that one person died in an accident involving an 18-seater bus  and a tipper on Nteje-Awka Expressway, in Oyi area of Anambra.The sector Commander,   Mr Andrew Kumapayi, told the News Agency… August 12, 2019 In "Metro" Abuja - No fewer than nine vehicles were involved in a multiple road accident a few metres away from the Military Cemetary on the Airport Road, Abuja, on Tuesday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the accident was caused by a tipper driver whose vehicle apparently experienced break… November 3, 2015 In "News"