Death has dealt another blow to President Muhammadu Buhari as it snatched Alhaji Mutari Dauda Daura, his nephew, PM News reports. The deceased was the younger brother of 81 year-old Malam Mamman Daura, the President’s uncle. The cause of death was not stated. And it came less than a month after Buhari lost his Chief of Staff, Malam Abba Kyari. A shattered Nigerian leader sent condolences to his extended family and the Daura community on Friday. President Buhari said: “Let me on behalf of myself and my family convey to you my deepest sympathy for the loss of Mutari Dauda. “Death is inevitable and every soul must taste death one day. “What we owe the dead are not tears, because our tears can’t bring them back, but what they deserve are our prayers. ” In this regard, my heart and prayers go out to all the family members and the Daura community as a whole over this irreparable loss.” “May Allah forgive his gentle soul and reward his goods deeds with aljanna. Amin,” the President further prayed. Source Before he was sworn in as president in May 2015, Muhammadu Buhari, without prompting from anybody, publicly told his immediate and extended family members to stand back from his incoming government. He even warned that any family member who used his name to peddle influence would face dire consequences. I… November 23, 2019 In "Opinion" In 2015, Buhari warned his family members to steer clear of his government. He lied. His relatives, many of whom wallowed in grubby poverty before 2015, not only now work as his official assistants, they're now multi-millionaires. Some are billionaires. Here are 4 blood relatives of his that I know… November 11, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds" The most important news story in the Nigerian press of the last five years was published last week. But it was neither news, nor story. It didn’t make the front page. It was not written by a reporter. It was not written in Nigeria. Farooq Kperogi’s “Government of Buhari’s Family,… December 3, 2019 In "Opinion"