Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, has claimed that there is a secret plan by northern youths to terrorize the South-East following the alleged influx of Almajiris into the zone. He made this known in a radio Biafra broadcast on Thursday as he called on all communities in the region and vigilantes to be on red alert, especially at night, adding that the attack by the perceived terrorists might happen at night. The IPOB leader, however, vowed that his group was very much ready and equal to the task. According to Kanu, the sponsors were only interested in raising terrorists around the South-East and South-South regions to achieve a selfish aim. Kanu further disclosed that some terrorists attacked his Afaraukwu hometown in Umuahia on Thursday but were arrested by the police. He expressed shock that nothing was done to them after they were moved to Ariam, Ikwoalu, also in Abia State. “I want to warn you against these Fulani and others forced into Biafra land, they have built tents and at nights, they will attack your villages,” Kanu said. “These terrorists invaded my village in Afaraukwu, but they were arrested by the police and moved to Ariam in Ikwoalu. I have not heard what they have done with them. “I urge all governors in Biafra land not to work at cross purposes with IPOB, we want to ensure our land is safe, we must all close ranks to save our land, we can resume our hostility afterwards.” Source Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has boasted that the funeral of his parents has brought the ‘divided’ people of Southeast and South South together again. Kanu’s parents, HRH Eze Israel Kanu and his wife, Ugoeze Sally Kanu, who died last year, were laid to… February 17, 2020 In "News" Niger Delta Groups Berate Nnamdi Kanu Over Comments on Jonathan June 29, 2017 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - South-East Governors have issued a stern warning to Nnamdi Kanu, Leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) over his threats to attack them and other South-East leaders abroad. The Governors, in a statement on Tuesday night,said should Kanu make his threat real, they would… August 21, 2019 In "News"