A military outpost in Niger’s Diffa region that has long been a target of jihadist fighters came under major attack overnight, local sources said Tuesday, with an unknown number of troops killed. The attack on the Blabrine base took place Monday at around 11 pm, according to Mara Mamadou, a civil society official in Diffa, adding that the assailants made off with property, “and some men were killed.” A local elected official confirmed the attack by “gunmen, probably Boko Haram fighters”, adding that they left “many dead”. The Blabrine base is some 20 kilometres (12 miles) northeast of Diffa town in the remote southeastern region near Lake Chad, where the borders of Cameroon, Chad, Niger and Nigeria converge. Diffa, a city of 200,000 near the Nigerian border, has been repeatedly attacked. The region of the poor Sahel country borders Nigeria, the birthplace of Boko Haram. It shelters some 300,000 refugees from Nigeria as well as internally displaced people, according to UN figures. In October last year, 12 Niger troops were killed at Blabrine, according to the defence ministry. Several violent clashes have pitted the army against Islamist fighters in the region since the start of May. On May 13, Niamey said 75 Boko Haram combattants had been killed in southeast Niger and across the border in Nigeria. A propaganda video released by the Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), a Boko Haram splinter group affiliated to the so-called Islamic State, purported to show heavily armed insurgents storm an army camp following sustained fighting and heavy weapons fire on May 3. Jihadists carried out another attack in the same area on Saturday. Boko Haram’s insurgency has claimed more than 36,000 lives since it began in northeastern Nigeria in 2009 and displaced nearly two million from their homes. Another jihadist group, the Islamic State in the Greater Sahara (EIGS), carries out frequent attacks in Niger’s west on its borders with Mali and Burkina Faso. The countries around Lake Chad, together with Benin, have set up a combined group, the Multinational Joint Task Force, to fight the jihadists. •AFP NIAMEY - Suspected Nigerian Boko Haram militants raided a village in southern Niger, killing three people including a soldier, security sources in the West African nation said on Thursday. The overnight attack took place in the village of Abadam in the Diffa region near Niger's border with Nigeria earlier this… August 28, 2015 In "Foreign" An attack by suspected Islamist Boko Haram fighters in Niger has killed at least 38 people, officials say. It took place late on Wednesday night, according to a security source quoted by the Reuters news agency. [pro_ad_display_adzone id="70560"] Local MP Bulu Mammadu also told the BBC that the victims included… June 19, 2015 In "News" A night raid blamed on Boko Haram has left a dozen villagers dead in southeastern Niger on the frontier with Nigeria, a local official said Saturday. The attack on Friday night in the border district of Gueskerou, is the latest to hit the Diffa region near Lake Chad, which is… August 24, 2019 In "News"