Mr. Presley Ediagbonya, a former commissioner for youths and sports in Edo state did not make it alive from his abductors, PM News reports. His body was found on Friday night abandoned in a forest. Hopes by family members that he would be found alive have now been dashed. The family had disputed an earlier report of his death, after they paid N5million ransom to his kidnappers. The former commissioner was abducted in his farm at Utese village, Ovia North-East LGA of the state on 16 May by the armed kidnappers. The Edo Police command announced the discovery of Ediagbonya’s body in a statement Saturday morning by its spokesman, DSP Chidi Nwabuzor. Ediagbonya’s body was said to have been found by some farmers in a forest at Utese, a village sharing boundary with Ondo state. Nwabuzor said: “Edo state police command wishes to inform the general public to inform the general public that on Friday the 29th of May, 2020 at about 6.30pm, the remains of Hon P. E. Ediagbonya, a former commissioner for youth and sports, Edo state, was found by some farmers in a forest sharing boundary with Ondo state at Utese village. “The farmers who were uneasy and apprehensive about the horrible sight, rushed to the village to break the news. “They thereafter moved to the divisional police headquarters, Okada, and reported the development to the Divisional Police Officer of the station. “Immediately, the DPO mobilized his men, contacted the medical team of Igbinedion University Okada, and moved to the forest, in company of the deceased family and the community people. “At the scene, the remains of Hon P. E. Ediagbonya was identified to be him by his family. “And immediately his remains was professionally evacuated and taken to Igbinedion University Hospital mortuary, Okada, for autopsy examination.” Confusion had arisen over the whereabouts of Ediagbonya, following reports that he was killed by his abductors two days after his abduction. But his family members denied his death. A family spokesman described Ediagbonya’s death report as “hasty.” He told journalists on phone: “The abductors requested for N10 million ransom and we (family members) pleaded for N5 million. “The abductors thereafter asked us to pay the ransom at a location in Asaba, Delta State; and we complied. “Few hours later, the abductors sent the family text message that our brother had been killed. “So, what I am saying is that the abductors only claimed they have killed my brother, but by the grace of God, I know he will come out alive.” Source By Deborah Coker Benin - The Edo Police Command has arrested three members of a syndicate which allegedly specialises in child theft and sale, and operating an illegal orphanage in Benin. DSP Chidi Nwabuzor, the Command’s Public Relations Officer, disclosed this in a statement issued in Benin on Friday. Nwabuzor… May 24, 2019 In "Metro" More persons have been killed in the ongoing cult war between eiye and aiye confraternities in Benin City, Edo state. At Sokponba road, son of a Benin Chief was shot and rushed to the hospital where doctors are battling to save him. Several other persons have been killed in different… February 25, 2020 In "News" •The Commissioner of Police in Edo State, Lawan Jimeta speaks during a press conference on efforts made to secure the release of the abducted Commissioner for Science and Technology, Mr Emmanuel Agbale on April 22, 2020. The Police in Edo State have vowed to secure the release of the abducted… April 22, 2020 In "Metro"