The arrest of a 28-year-old woman for stabbing her 44-yearld-mother in Osun State, has added to the growing list of deaths by domestic violence currently prevailing in the country. The incident said to have happened in a community in Owode Ede, saw the woman identified as Ifeoluwa Fehintola killing her own mother, Ruth Shodeya, after she reportedly caught her mother sleeping with her husband. In her defence to the strange action, she was said to have accused the deceased of inability to close her laps to any man, claiming that this was the case even when her father was alive. Hear her: “My mother has been like that since we were small. She goes around with different men. Even when my father was alive she cheated on him. After my father’s death she was so balanced with her wayward life that there was no man she couldn’t allow to sleep with her. “I couldn’t imagine that she will stoop so low to the level of my husband. She only came to spend two weeks with us that she has already shattered my home for me. “I went to the market to buy some food stuff before I could get back home I met my husband and my mother on our matrimonial bed. I was so furious, I went straight to the kitchen to reach for a knife. I wanted to kill both of them (but) my husband managed to escape but my mother didn’t as I stabbed her in her chest” The suspect is reportedly in police custody, with the police in charge saying necessary actions would be carried out immediately. Source It was a marriage doomed from the beginning, and after 13 years, it culminated in a tragedy. Presently, the couple, who live in Lafia, capital of Nasarawa State, are gradually coming to terms with the fact that they have opened a Pandora’s box. It started with the husband’s deceit––hiding his… May 25, 2019 In "Relationship" The people of Gaya town in Kano have been reeling from shock since detectives from Homicide Section of Kano State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID) of the State Police Command, arrested 25-year-old Mohammed Musbahu on the charge of filicide, the deliberate act of a parent killing his child. Musbahu, a messenger… January 11, 2020 In "Metro" It is the kind of story you need to be forewarned about its sad ending. Even when forewarned, you still need to muster your inner strength not to go lachrymose when you hear the end of this tragic story that changed a woman’s life forever. Though it happened 10 years… August 31, 2019 In "Metro"