By Ikenna Osuoha Abuja  –  The United Nations (UN) Population Fund (UNFPA), says Nigeria records 12,000 new cases of Vesicovaginal Fistula (VVF), yearly. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), reports that VVF is an abnormal fistulous tract extending between the bladder (vesica) and the vagina, that leads to continuous involuntary discharge of urine into the vaginal vault. Mrs Ulla Muller, Country Representative of UNFPA, told NAN in an interview in Abuja, that with the figure, Nigeria was one of the countries with the highest number of VVF cases globally. “Nigeria has about 148,000 cases of fistula, with about 12,000 new cases every year,” Muller said. According to the UN representative, UNFPA has large imprint in Nigeria through preventive and curative interventions such as family planning, community engagement and training of healthcare workers. She said these were key to preventing and reducing fistula, which had destroyed the lives of many young women and caused many families untold hardships. Muller, who described Nigerian fistula surgeons as one of the best in the world, said it was advisable for women living with the condition to avoid getting pregnant for at least twelve months. She emphasised UNFPA’s commitment to creating awareness on the disease through the use of local and social media platforms, targeting young women. Muller advised young women with the condition to seek immediate medical help and not feel ashamed for fear of stigmatisation. She attributed the prevalence of VVF on child marriage, which she said often exposed such young girls to the risk of the disease. NAN reports that every May 23, has been set aside by the UN as World Fistula Day. (NAN) By Ige Adekunle   Sango-Ota   -       Seven suspected secret cult members were on Monday arraigned in an Ota Chief Magistrates’ Court. The accused are: Olaogun Azeez, 18, Tijani Azeez, 22, Jelili Adeniyi, 20, Sulaiman Owolabi, 24, Murainan Shakiru, 25, Tunde Olanisa, 22, and Abinuwaye Abraham, 25. The prosecutor, Sgt. Abdulkareem… October 8, 2018 In "Metro" ABUJA - The United Nations Fund for Population Activities (UNFPA) says it will help strengthen Nigeria’s midwifery programme to reduce maternal and infant mortality in the shortest time possible.The UNFPA Country Representative in Nigeria, Mrs Ratidza Ndhlovu, disclosed this at the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Forum in Abuja.She said… February 16, 2015 In "Health" Abuja  - Ms Raditzai Ndhlovu, Country Representative UN Population Fund (UNFPA), says the fund plans to increase awareness on fistula in the country. Ndhlovu made this known when she featured on the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Forum in Abuja on Wednesday.   ``Nigeria currently has 800, 000 fistula repairs… May 25, 2016 In "Health"