By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  – President Muhammadu Buhari has felicitated with Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, on his 55th birthday, commending his result-oriented leadership style, which positively reflects on people and projects he has supervised over the years. The President, in a statement by its spokesman, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Wednesday, joined the All Progressives Congress (APC), family and political associates of the former Governor of Rivers State in celebrating the milestone. President Buhari also congratulated Amaechi for a meteoric political rise, underlined by his forthrightness, diligence and deep sense of loyalty and patriotism. President Buhari believed that Amaechi’s investments in the development of Rivers State, and current efforts in building infrastructure across the country would always be remembered by posterity. He, therefore, urged him to stay focused on the larger picture of working to improve lives. The President also extolled Amaechi for his willingness to make sacrifices and support the governing party, APC. President Buhari noted with appreciation, the major role Amaechi played in the 2015 and 2019 Presidential Elections, and his continuous contributions to promote peace and unity of purpose. He prayed that the almighty God would position the Director General of his Presidential Campaigns for greater glory, and grant him more opportunities to serve the country and humanity (NAN) President Muhammadu Buhari has extolled the unique qualities of the Minister of Transportation, Rt. Hon. Rotimi Amaechi, as he turned 55 years of age.The President, in a goodwill message he dispatched to celebrate the former governor of Rivers State, observed Hon. Amaechi’s services to the government and his loyalty to… May 27, 2020 In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata  Post) - The Rivers State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has congratulated President Muhammadu Buahri and the Minister of Transportation, Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, on the successful flag-off, on Tuesday, of the Abuja - Kaduna Rail Line. The party in a statement issued Wednesday in… July 28, 2016 In "News" …Secondus Recruited As Ally Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The plot for who succeeds President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023 is thickening as former Secretary to the Government of the Federal, Babagana Kingibe and Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi are scheming to emerge as presidential candidate and running mate respectively on the… October 4, 2019 In "Top Stories"