Many celebs have been holding Instagram Live sessions with their fans due to the ongoing lockdown, but some ladies have turned it to a twerk show, regardless of the motive of the celeb. Popular American DJ, Khaled Mohamed Khaled, known professionally as DJ Khaled’s reaction when a scantily-clad woman connected to his IG live and started to twerk has gone viral. The curvy woman had on bum shorts that showed off half of her bum. She also had on a skimpy bra, once she connected on his IG live, she began twerking, despite the fact that he is a Muslim and currently fasting. DJ Khaled quickly tried to get her to stop but she only took it up a notch by telling DJ Khaled that she has water. She then turned her bum to face the camera, twerked some more and started to pour water on her butt. DJ Khaled tried to tell her to stop and is seen nervously darting his eyes around his room. “I’ve got a family,” he told her at some point and even covered his eyes with one hand. She continued twerking and the married father-of-two disconnected her from his Instagram Live video. Sharing a video of the shocking momeny, Khaled wrote; “I have love for everyone please take it easy when I’m on fan luv ig luv . Again I have love for everyone please lets be respectful nothing but love BLESS UP !” Watch Video Below; I have love for everyone please take it easy when I’m on fan luv ig luv . Again I have love for everyone please lets be respectful nothing but love BLESS UP ! A post shared by  DJ KHALED (@djkhaled) on May 3, 2020 at 4:25pm PDT Source DJ Lambo’s is a well known name in Nigerian music industry, her tracks are played at parties all over the country. This woman has successfully written her name in the history of Nigerian DJ industry and is still going strong. Who is DJ Lambo, how did she reach recognition, and… February 8, 2018 In "Entertainment" As I read the short story, I was deeply praying in my heart for Aunty Victoria to debunk the allegation in it's entirety.  The beef between rappers M.I and Vector has revealed alot. From allegations of homosexuality, to mismanagement and Jesse Jagz' disappearance and other issues relating to their personal… October 13, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian fashion enterprenuer, Laura Ikeji Kanu and her footballer husband, Ogbonnaya Kanu have shared their own #FliptheSwitch challenge video. In the video, Laura's husband can be seen twerking like a pro as she filmed while he tries to win Bobrisky in the twerking game. Sharing the video, Laura wrote: ”I… March 20, 2020 In "Entertainment"