By Kemi Akintokun Lagos  –  Dr Madewa Adebajo, Medical Director, Alimosho General Hospital, Lagos, has identified natural ventilation as empirical precaution to curbing the asymptomatic spread of COVID-19 at public health facilities. Adebajo spoke at a continuous training organised by the hospital for its personnel on Thursday.He said:” Enhancing natural ventilation following asymptomatic presentation, ensures response of in patient.“That is why it is imperative to establish a triage station at all clinics each day while observing high level of clinical suspicion on COVID-19, towards ailing presenting patients.“We must earnestly protect ourselves, for our safety depends on humanity ‘s survival at containing the community spread.“Since the virus is sporadically transmitted in droplets of infected victims to susceptible victims who do not observe social distancing or hand hygiene,” he said.He said the hospital had mandated the use of Personal Protective Equipment at all consultation points, urging for strict adherence to use of protective mask by all.“It is standard to wear face mask in this hospital, otherwise, no consultation is extended to defaulting patients.“Imbibing this habit will certainly break the chain of transmission,” he said.The medical director advocated for constant decontamination of health facilities and community liason on the use of face mask to stop the spread.“Africa, despite our challenges, we have our own values and skills which was recently applauded. We must regulate community liaison using masks at all times“A pandemic will ravage 80 per cent of population expose to its spread, with 5 per cent requiring hospital care following such exposure, so adequate care and caution from the public is necessary,” he said. (NAN) By Oluwafunke Ishola Lagos - The Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, says it has placed three of its health workers on isolation after their contact with a patient who died of COVID-19. Dr Ibrahim Mustafa, the Chairman, Medical Advisory Committee (CMAC) of LASUTH, made this known to the… April 5, 2020 In "Health" There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health" There was confusion among health workers at the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) on Saturday after two patients who earlier tested negative to coronavirus pandemic were declared positive after further tests were conducted. ‎The development came as the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Friday confirmed the death… April 4, 2020 In "News"