Daniel H. Bwala, Special Adviser on Legal and Constitutional Matters to Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege, has disclosed that the Infectious Disease Bill being considered by the House of Representatives was poorly drafted. The Bill was sponsored by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila. Bwala, who made this known during a Zoom Conference organised by Elombah Communications and Njenje Media Limited, added that 90 per cent of the provisions of the Bill were directly copied from Singapore, adding however that there was nothing wrong with copying. He said that even in Singapore, they are working for some sections to be repealed and replaced. Bwala said: “The bill is, quite frankly, needs a lot of work. “Ninety per cent of the provisions of the bill are direct copy from Singapore, though it is not a bad idea to copy. “The only thing is that most of the provisions in the bill, which we copied, are even subject of conversation in Singapore, which will be repealed. “We cannot look at the picture by looking backward. “With respect to the bill and the impression, we cannot kill it and we need to make it. “The bill was poorly drafted, I must be honest, and we can make it better.” Source: Theeagleonline.com.ng By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - A Bill for an Act to repeal the Quarantine Act, and enact the Control of Infectious Diseases bill, has passed a second reading in the House of Representatives. The bill which was sponsored by the Speaker of the House, Femi Gbajabiamila seeks to empower the… April 28, 2020 In "Politics" The Federal Government projects to spend N500 billion in fighting the spread of Coronavirus in the country and ensuring that the economy does not collapse under the weight of the scourge, The Nation reports. It is currently lobbying the leadership of the National Assembly on a proposed executive bill to… April 5, 2020 In "Politics" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja -   The Presidency has explained why President Muhammadu Buhari withheld assent on the Petroleum Industry Governance Bill. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on National Assembly Matters (Senate), Sen. Ita Enang, made the fact known to State House correspondents in Abuja on Wednesday. He… August 30, 2018 In "Politics"