A gale of strange deaths has hit some Yobe communities in the last one week. Our correspondent gathered that Potiskum and Gashua towns in Postiskum and Bade Local Government of the state are the most affected by the development. Recods obtained from different graveyards in Potiskum by The Nation indicate with a space of one week, not less than 100 people were buried. A breakdown of the figures show: Mamman Ali 49 graveyard; Hospital graveyard-12; SOCOL graveyard-18; Gishiwa Dabua graveyard-11; Nasarawa graveyard-6; Lamba Mai Adikko graveyard-2. The same scenario is reported in Gashua where more than 50 were reported to have died within three days. Investigation revealed that the deceased were mostly elderly. It is unclear if the deaths had anything to do with COVID-19. The Commissioner for Health Mohammed Lawan Gana, who is also the Vice Chairman of the Committee on COVID-19, said investigations were on to know the causes of the deaths. ”The ministry of Health is investigating the cause of the deaths but until we find out the cause, we cannot associate it to COVID 19,” Gana said. The Nation •Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, Governor of Kano State • Undertakers express concern• Families of victims speak• We’re investigating – Health commissioner• Nothing like mass deaths – COVID-19 task force• ‘Burials not unusual’ KANO - the Over 150 people who reportedly died in Kano between Friday and Saturday last week have been… April 22, 2020 In "News" Inundated with reported mass deaths in Kano, Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje on Monday directed investigation to ascertain the cause of the strange incidence. No fewer than 40 corpses were reportedly buried since the declaration of the lockdown at Dandolo cemetery in Dala local government area of the metropolis, against the… April 21, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - A human rights group, the International Society for Civil Liberties and Rule of Law (Intersociety) has said it has uncovered seven secret graveyards in three states where defenceless pro-Biafra activists were buried following crackdown carried out by the Nigerian Army between August 30, 2015 and September… August 28, 2018 In "Top Stories"