Fiorentina director of sport Daniele Prade has spoken about the horror of his fight with coronavirus, revealing his infection led to the hospitalisation of some of his family. The club, along with many in Serie A, has been hit by Covid-19, with on-loan Wolves striker Patrick Cutrone, German Pezzella and Dusan Vlahovic – all testing positive in March, and three more first-team players plus three other staff also returning positive tests last week on reporting for the resumption of individual training. It has penetrated the boardroom too, with Prade, 53, describing his harrowing experience with the ‘b*d’ disease, and his fear upon seeing his sick in-laws taken by ambulance to Italy’s national infectious diseases hospital in Rome. ‘I experienced Covid-19 first-hand,’ he told Sky Sports Italia. ‘In fact, nine members of my family got ill and I brought the virus into my home. It hit my wife, my daughter, my in-laws and nephews. ‘The worst of it was for my in-laws, who I was genuinely frightened for. They were in hospital for 30 days, fortunately they were at the Spallanzani, one of the best clinics in the world for this virus. ‘This virus is sneaky, it’s a b*d. You can’t even get out of bed, you have a high fever, sweat, cough, diarrhoea. And it becomes genuinely scary when you see those around you getting ill too and even an ambulance coming to take away your in-laws. ‘Fortunately, we all recovered and I will always be a spokesman for the measures we must take to prevent the spread of coronavirus.’ Source As the coronavirus pandemic spreads globally, claiming thousands of lives, notable names are among those taken by the deadly virus. Read more about them ahead. For more information on lives that were lost to the COVID-19 and the latest updates on confirmed cases in the U.S., expert health advice and… April 1, 2020 In "News" Kaduna Governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai has recovered from coronavirus after testing negative twice. El-Rufa’i, who described Coronavirus as a threat to humanity and livelihoods, said as someone that has experienced it, he will not wish any of his worst enemy to have COVID-19. The Governor, in a live broadcast said:… April 22, 2020 In "News" Emmanuel “Manny” Asika spent 10 days at the Isolation Centre in the Infectious Diseases Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, Lagos. An IT professional who took precautions early to protect himself and his family against the novel coronavirus, he was shocked to learn that he had tested positive for COVID-19, when his… April 19, 2020 In "Features"