By Idowu Gabriel  Ado Ekiti  –   Ekiti House of Assembly has passed the Ekiti Tourism and Hospitality Licensing and Regulation Bill, 2020, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reportsThe unanimous resolution was taken at Wednesday’s plenary presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye in Ado Ekiti. The passage followed the submission and subsequent adoption of the report of the House Committee on Arts, Culture and Tourism by the Chairman, Mr Adeyemi Ajibade. According to Ajibade, the bill, if assented to by Gov. Kayode Fayemi, seeks to regulate the activities and registration of hospitality businesses in Ekiti. The bill was seeking regulation of the relationship between government and the private sector in carrying out business transaction. Contributing during debate on the bill, Chief Gboyega Aribisogan, the Majority Leader, said the bill, when passed, would ensure seamless relationship between government and private sector in developing strategies. He urged members to give the bill accelerated passage. Also Ekiti Sexual Violence Against Children (Compulsory Treatment and Care) Bill, 2020, passed through the second reading. Commenting on the bill, the Deputy Speaker, Alhaji Hakeem Jamiu, expressed concern over the prevalence of sexual violence among citizens of the state and called for adequate care and compensation for victims. In her contribution, Mrs Yemisi Ayokunle, member representing Ekiti West, advised the relevant committee to look into the area of who pays for treatment and care of the victim. The bill was subsequently referred to the Committee on Women Affairs and Social Development for further legislative scrutiny. Four other Bills debated were, Ekiti Customary Court (Amendment) Bill 2020; Ekiti Public Finance Management Bill, 2020; Ekiti State College of Agriculture and Technology, Isan-Ekiti Law (Amendment) 2020; and Ekiti Mortgages and Foreclosure Bill, 2020. NAN reports that the Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF) and Revised Appropriation Bill 2020 were referred to Committee on Appropriation for further legislative action. Earlier, the Speaker had read two letters from the state governor concerning the MTEF and Revised Appropriation Bill 2020. (NAN) By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti - The Ekiti House of Assembly on Thursday passed the state Board of Internal Revenue Bill. The passage followed the committal of the bill to the Committee on Ways and Means at Thursday’s plenary in Ado-Ekiti presided over by the Speaker, Mr Funminiyi Afuye. The News… August 1, 2019 In "News" By Idowu Gabriel Ado-Ekiti, - The Ekiti Assembly has passed the Administration of Civil Justice Bill. The bill entitled,” A Bill for an Act for the Provision of Administration of Civil Justice in Ekiti, 2019″ was unanimously passed at Thursday’s plenary presided over by the Speaker, Mr Adeniran Alagbada. The… May 30, 2019 In "News" Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - The Ekiti government has initiated plans to avert possible food shortage that may arise after the Covid-19 pandemic, the Commissioner for Information and Value Orientation, Chief Muyiwa Olumilua, has said. Olumilua said this on Thursday in Ado Ekiti at the end of the second virtual… April 23, 2020 In "News"