Oil prices surged after U.S. stockpile data Wednesday showed another surprise weekly decline as coronavirus lockdown restrictions continue to ease across the country. The Energy Information Administration reported crude inventories dropped by 5 million barrels last week. Analysts polled by S&P Global Platts saw an increase of by 2.4 million barrels. Last week, EIA stunned markets by reporting a surprise drop in U.S. crude inventories, the first since January. U.S. crude production fell to 11.5 million barrels per day from 11.6 million bpd in the prior week, EIA said Wednesday. That’s down from a high of 13.1 million in March and the marked the seventh consecutive decrease. Early signs were more bearish for oil prices. Late Tuesday, the American Petroleum Institute saw a 4.8 million-barrel increase in U.S. crude supplies and a 651,000-barrel decrease in gasoline stockpiles. Oil Prices, Oil StocksU.S. crude futures jumped 4.8% to settle at $33.49 per barrel, the highest since March 10, in the first day for July-delivery contracts taking over as the front month. Brent oil prices climbed 3.4% to $35.82 per barrel. West Texas Intermediate contracts for June delivery expired Tuesday without a repeat of May’s shocking drop into negative territory. Exxon Mobil (XOM) shares rallied 3.3% on the stock market today, as oil prices continued to rise. Chevron (CVX) rose 3.8%. Among top shale oil stocks, EOG Resources (EOG) climbed 3.9%, and Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) added 3.1%. Source: investors.com Singapore - Oil rose on Thursday after industry data showed a surprise drop in U.S. crude inventories, while comments from an OPEC official about lower-than-expected U.S. shale production growth in 2020 also provided some support. Prices, however, were capped by mixed signs for oil demand in China, the world’s biggest… November 14, 2019 In "Foreign" London  -  Oil gave up most of its early gains on Thursday to trade around 40 dollars per barrel as persistent oversupply concerns offset a surprise fall in U.S. crude inventories after 10 weekly rises. Brent futures are down more than six per cent this week and having dipped below… December 11, 2015 In "Business" London - Oil prices dropped on Thursday, extending falls from the previous session amid surging U.S. crude inventories as low refinery runs and ongoing trade tensions weighed on the demand outlook. World shares made it four days in the red in the last five as concerns grew the China-U.S. trade… May 23, 2019 In "Foreign"