By Ige Adekunle  Sango-Ota (Ogun)  –  A financial expert, Dr Titus Okunrounmu, has commended the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for reducing the interest rate by one-percentage-point from 13.5 per cent. Okunrounmu, a former Director, Budgetary Department at CBN, made the commendation in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ota, Ogun, on Friday. According to him, the downward review of interest rate to 12.5 per cent by the Apex bank will encourage private investment to boost the nation’s economy. He said that the apex bank was trying to induce those who are critically in need of loan facilities, to come and invest. He said that the CBN decision to reduce the interest rate was an attempt to further encourage people to take credit and loans as the nation’s economic activities had slowed under the lockdown situation. “With COVID-19 pandemic associated with lockdown, no investor will be willing to invest money in the country until the environment is conducive for investment,’’ Okunrounmu said. He noted that productivity and investment would be higher with lower interest rate rather than higher interest rate, thus making the economy to grow faster. Okunrounmu, however, said that with more investment, industry and agricultural sectors among others would further ease while the unemployment rate will reduce. NAN reports that Mr Godwin Emefiele, CBN Governor, had on Thursday announced reduction in the interest rate from 13.5 per cent to 12.5 per cent. Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) and Liquidity Rate were retained at 27.5 per cent and 30 per cent respectively after the apex bank’s MPC meeting in Abuja. (NAN) By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota(Ogun), - Two financial experts, Dr Samuel Nzekwe and Dr Titus Okurounmu, on Wednesday commended the Federal Government for reducing the benchmark lending rate from 14 per cent to 13.5 per cent. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Central Bank Governor, Mr Godwin Emefiele,… March 27, 2019 In "Business" Sango-Ota (Ogun) - Some financial experts on Wednesday commended the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for its decision to adjust downwards its monetary policy rates. The experts, who spoke in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ota, Ogun, said that banks would now be more comfortable to lend… November 25, 2015 In "News" Ige Adekunle   Sango-Ota (Ogun) -   Dr Titus Okunronmu, a former Director, Budgetary Department, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), says there is the need to combine both fiscal and monetary policies in order to achieve sustainable economic growth in the country. Okunronmu said this in an interview with the… May 23, 2018 In "Business"