The Nigeria Governors Forum (NGF) has asked the national assembly to suspend the infectious disease bill which has triggered mixed reactions in the last few days. The Bill which is sponsored by the speaker of the house of representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, seeks to repeal the Quarantine Act, ensure compulsory vaccination of citizens against infectious diseases and also make possession of health card mandatory for international travellers leaving or arriving in Nigeria just like yellow fever card. In a statement issued by Chairman of the forum, Governor Kayode Fayemi after a virtual meeting with other Governors, the national assembly was asked to step down on the bill pending an appropriate public hearing to gather public opinion and concerns. A three-member committee was also constituted by the forum to engage the leadership of the national assembly on the bill. The Governors Said; “Following an update from the Governor of Sokoto State and Vice Chairman of the NGF, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, on the proposed Control of Infectious Diseases Bill, 2020 introduced by the House of Representatives, Governors raised concern with the lack of consultation with State governments who are at the forefront of the epidemic. “The Forum resolved that the Bill should be stepped down until an appropriate consultative process is held, including a public hearing to gather public opinion and concerns. “In the light of this, the Forum established a Committee comprising the Governors of Katsina, Sokoto, and Plateau to lead a consultative meeting with the leadership of the National Assembly on the proposed Control of Infectious Diseases Bill, 2020. “The NGF Secretariat was also mandated to comprehensively review the Bill and its implication on States.” Source By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF), says members will deploy massive resources toward forestalling the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19), after a case was confirmed in Lagos on Tnursday. The forum made the plea in a statement issued by its Chairman and Governor of Ekiti, Dr Kayode… February 29, 2020 In "Health" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - A Bill for an Act to repeal the Quarantine Act, and enact the Control of Infectious Diseases bill, has passed a second reading in the House of Representatives. The bill which was sponsored by the Speaker of the House, Femi Gbajabiamila seeks to empower the… April 28, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - In response to the growing calls for restructuring in the country of which the demand for State Police is one, the Nigerian Governors Forum (NGF) has set up a committee to look into modalities for the possible implementation of the initiative in the country. The committee… July 20, 2017 In "Top Stories"