A 31-year-old man from Menengai West in Rongai Sub-County, Nakuru County, Kenya on Saturday afternoon surrendered himself to police after allegedly killing his male neighbour, whom he suspected was dating his wife. Rongai deputy OCPD, Shadrack Magoha, told K24 Digital that the suspect, Julius Kipkemboi Kiplagat, confessed to killing Kipkemboi Tomno, after establishing that Tomno was “sleeping with his (suspect’s) wife”. “He said he had conducted thorough investigations into his wife’s alleged relationship with the deceased, and that he had ascertained beyond any form of doubt that the neighbour was in a sexual relationship with his spouse,” said Magoha. At around noon, Kiplagat left his home and went to Kipkemboi’s place in the neighbourhood, where hacked him several times in the head and chest using a panga, said the deputy OCPD. “He, thereafter, walked to Menengai West Police Station and confessed to murdering his love rival,” said Magoha. The deputy OCPD did not reveal the age and marital status of the deceased. Magoha also shied away from revealing how the suspect went about investigations into his wife’s alleged infidelity. The body of Kipkemboi was moved to Nakuru County Mortuary as investigations continue. Source A 36-year-old man, Bryan Indimuli has been confirmed dead after being stabbed by his 25-year-old wife, Joy Indeche at their residence in Ikoli Village in Malava Constituency, Kakamega County of Kenya. Father of the deceased, John Indimuli said the incident occurred after his son complained that Indeche tripped over a… April 5, 2020 In "Foreign" Police in Kinangop, Nyandarua County, Kenya have arrested a 25-year-old man in connection with the death of a 22-year-old woman, whom he was dating. The suspect, Allan Musila, who works as a security guard with G4S in Kakamega County, arrived at the now-deceased’s house in Weru area in Kinangop late… January 23, 2020 In "News" Phoenix - A court in Arizona said on Tuesday that a man who admitted to decapitating his wife and her two dogs in a bloody incident in Phoenix said he was attempting to ``get the evil out of her.’’ The prosecutor said Kenneth-Dale Wakefield, 43, also said he had smoked… August 4, 2015 In "News"