Two years after facing an investigative panel constituted to probe allegations of unsatisfactory conduct, the termination of the appointment of Prof. Charles Uwakwe as the Registrar/Chief Executive of the National Examinations Council has been approved by President Muhammadu Buhari. This was as the Former Registrar was directed to hand over all Government properties in his custody to the Acting Registrar of the Council. In a statement signed by the Head, Information and Public Relations Division, NECO, Azeez Sani, four Management Staff of the Council were also dismissed from Service for various offences. In a letter dated May 11, 2020 and signed by the Permanent Secretary of the Federal Ministry of Education, Sonny Echono, on behalf of the Minister of Education, Uwakwe was accused of violating the Public Procurement Act (2007) and pursuant to PSR 030402 and part 1 schedule 4 (i) of NECO Establishment Act. Part of the letter reads: “After due consideration of the investigative panel on the allegation of unsatisfactory conduct levelled against you and some Management Staff of the Council, Mr. President in exercise of his powers, has approved your removal as Registrar/Chief Executive Officer of National Examinations Council with effect from the date of your suspension from duty.” It could be recalled that Prof. Uwakwe and two of the dismissed Management Staff were on May 10, 2018 placed on suspension while an investigative panel was constituted to probe the allegations of unsatisfactory conduct levelled against them, with one involving the mismanagement of N25 billion. Also another letter with reference NO: FME/S/1419/C.3/T/98, dated May 11, 2020 and signed by Echono, disclosed that Buhari has approved the dismissal from service of four Management Staff for various offences. The affected officers are: Bamidele Olure, Acting Director, Finance and Accounts; Dr. Shina Adetona, Head of Procurement Division; Tayo Odukoya, Deputy Director; and Babatunde Aina, Head of Legal/Board matters. The letter stated: “After due consideration of the Financial Report of the Review Committee, Mr. President has approved the recommendations as follows: “Mr. Bamidele Amos Olure, Acting Director (Finance and Accounts), dismissal from the service with effect from the date of his suspension from office having been found guilty of financial impropriety and not qualified to Head the Finance and Accounts Department.” The letter also stated that Dr. Adetona was dismissed from service with effect from the date he was suspended from office for acts tantamount to fraudulent practices, sabotage and suppression of official records pursuant to PSR 030402 (b & t). He is also to be prosecuted in line with section 58 (5) (a & b) of the Public Procurement Act (PPA) (2007) for flagrant violation of PPA 2007 as Head of Procurement and misleading Management on Procurement. Also, Odukoya was dismissed from service for acts of serious misconduct, which violates PSR 030301 and PSR 030402 (q) (t) (w). He is to be prosecuted in line with section 58 (5) (a) and (b) of the Public Procurement Act (2007) for flagrant violation of the Act. The letter directed the Management of NECO to commence the process of recovering ill-gotten benefits/gains from Odukoya, who acted as Director of a company, M/S I-web Solutions, while in the service of Government. Aina, a lawyer, was dismissed from service for falsification of records and dishonesty in the sale of NECO Guest House, which violates section 2609 (a) of the Financial Regulations (FR) and PPA (2007) part X section 55 (2) – (4) and section 56 which are tantamount to serious misconduct pursuant to PSR 030301 (g), PSR 030402 (a) and PSR 030402 (m). The letter indicated that the dismissal of Aina from service is without prejudice to the investigation being carried out by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on the sale of the NECO Guest House. Source: theeagleonline.com.ng By Aminu Garko   Minna   -    The Registrar of National Examinations Council (NECO), Prof Charles Uwakwe, has been suspended over alleged financial mismanagement and abuse of office. Also suspended are two deputy directors in charge of finance and procurement, respectively, in the council. Rumour had made the rounds that the… May 14, 2018 In "News" By Teddy Nwanunobi Abuja (Sundiata Post) — The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Thursday, opted for a political solution to put the lingering crisis that is consuming the opposition party to an end. This was the resolution of a meeting of its National Reconciliation Committee (NRC) in Abuja, which was… March 2, 2017 In "Politics" Minna -  Prof. Charles Uwakwe, the New Registrar of the National Examination Council (NECO), has assured that he would improve on legacies of previous chief executives of the council. He spoke on Monday in Minna, after handover by the former registrar, Prof Garba Abdulrasheed. ``I will work with the mandate… August 8, 2016 In "News"