The Lagos state Police has explained why they are still detaining Clarence Peters over the death of popular dancer, Kodak. Kodak died after being electrocuted while charging her phone at the ace music video director’s studio at Omole Estate, Lagos. Though Clarence Peters had debunked report of him being arrested as he revealed that he willingly made himself available to the police, Lagos State Police Spokesperson Bala Elkana told Premium Times on Monday May 4, that he is still in their custody. Bala said they are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of the dancer and also waiting for the autopsy result. He further revealed that the investigation is a natural course, and also important for Clarence Peters and any other person who was there. He said; “My response has been clear. Do we have him in custody, I say we do. Why do you have him in custody? We are investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of the dancer. “We are also waiting for the autopsy result. Investigation is a natural cause. It is important for him and it is also good for any other person who was there. If nobody has a hand in it, the report will clear everybody. If the result says it is a murder case, the law will take its cause. That is exactly why we have him, that is exactly what we are doing.” Source Clarence Peters’ girlfriend of 14 years, Jennifer, has spoken out on the arrest of popular Nigerian music video director, Clarence Peters, over the death of Picture Kodak. According to reports, Picture Kodak was electrocuted in the house of Clarence Peters who has now been arrested and detained by the Lagos… May 4, 2020 In "News" The police in Lagos are questioning music director and producer Clarence Peters over the death of dancer Love Divines alias Picture Kodak at his Omole Phase One residence, The Nation reports. Peters is being detained at the State Criminal investigation and Intelligence Department (SCIID), Yaba. The Nation reports that Kodak… May 3, 2020 In "News" Clarence Peters has finally spoken for the first time following the death of video vixen, Love Divine, aka Kodak, who was allegedly electrocuted in his studio. The music video director took to Instagram to release a statement. In it, he narrated how Kodak died and also paid tribute to the… May 4, 2020 In "Entertainment"