The Governors of South East Region have revealed that they are worried about the movement of almajiri youths concealed in food and cement trucks into the southeast region, Igbere TV reports. This was made known in a communique issued by the Chairman of the South East Governors Forum, Gov. David Nweze Umahi of Ebonyi State after their teleconference meeting on 14th May, 2020. The Governors requested community leaders to get passionately involved to ensure that such illegal movement is not allowed. They noted that South East Governors will further strengthen local security to protect farmlands and agriculture activities to encourage more participation in agriculture. The communique reads in parts ; We, therefore, request our community leaders to get passionately involved to ensure that such illegal movement is not allowed.Seriously, SouthEast Governors will further strengthen our local security to protect farmlands and agriculture activities to encourage more participation in agriculture. The forum noted the progress made so far on the rehabilitation project of Akanu Ibiam International airport. We thank Mr. President for providing the enabling environment in the achievement of this project. We likewise commend the Honourable minister for aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika for his commitments. We appreciate the committee on the rehabilitation of Akanu Ibiam International airport, especially the committee chairman Engr. Chris Okoye who has worked tirelessly to see to the current achievement so far. The runway reconstruction and other newly added facilities are almost completed. We deeply appreciate the Governor of Enugu State His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for all the interventions he has always provided to enable this project to come this far. We are optimistic that Enugu airport will open when the nation’s airspace will be re-opened to regular flights. Source: Igberetv •They’re looking for survival —Sarkin Hausawa •This is wrong time to repatriate Almajirai —Sarkin Fulani •We’ll continue to flush out illegal migrants —Osun govt By Olalekan Olabulo, Shola Adekola and Tunbosun Ogundare - Lagos SOUTH-WEST states have tightened security at their Northern boundaries amidst discoveries that Northern youths are hiding… May 2, 2020 In "Features" About 18 Almajiris from Sokoto State who sneaked into Ondo State in the dead of the night are to be sent back. It was gathered that the Almajiris came in a truck used for conveying cement. The moved into the state at a time Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu ordered total blockade… May 5, 2020 In "News" The Northern Governors Forum met on May 1st, 2020 to continue their discussions on tackling the Corona Virus Pandemic in the region. The meeting which again held via teleconferencing was presided over by Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Plateau State Simon Bako Lalong. The Forum reviewed some of… May 2, 2020 In "News"