A father has left his daughter with a scar after burning her with fire for leaving Islam to become a Christian. The tragic incident happened in Uganda. The young woman is recovering in a Ugandan hospital. It was gathered that Rahema Kyomuhendo, 24, faces spending another month at the Mbale Regional Referral Hospital after suffering serious injuries on May 4. Her father Sheikh Hussein Byaruhanga, a spiritual teacher, was said to have used fuel from a jerrycan to inflict horrific burns to her legs, stomach, ribs, neck and part of her lower back after disapproving of the conversion. According to reports, Ms Kyomuhendo had accompanied her father on a business trip 300 miles across the country, in Mbarara District, and went to stay with his sister after becoming trapped due to the coronavirus outbreak. She phoned a Catholic friend of her father while listening to a Christian radio station and became ‘convicted’, Morning Star News reported. Speaking to the website from her sick bed she said: ‘She explained to me about Christ and the way of salvation, and I got convicted and accepted Jesus as my Lord and Savior. ‘As she was sharing Christ with me, I was so overjoyed, and my father heard my joy and woke up, came from his bedroom furiously, and started beating me up with blows, slaps and kicks.’ Ms Kyomuhendo claimed her father shouted at her aunt that she had converted to Christianity and he was going to kill her. Morning Star News said it was the latest in a string of attacks against Christians. According to a census carried out in 2014 more than 84% of the population is Christian, with Muslims making up just 14%. Source The practice of abducting and converting Christian girls to Islam in the northern part of the country and marrying them off to Muslim men by compulsion recently attracted international attention and condemnation. Open Doors International (ODI), an organisation that serves the persecuted Christians worldwide, came out with a position that… July 16, 2019 In "Metro" Police in Kagadi, Uganda have arrested a father on allegations of killing his eight-year-old daughter and burying her secretly. The suspect has been identified as Jackson Mbabazi, 39, a resident of Kinyasi, Nyamwezi Parish, Mabira Sub County, Kyenjojo district. He has however been hiding in Kagadi district since he allegedly… May 27, 2020 In "News" — A British member of parliament has launched a protest outside the Nigerian embassy in London to help free kidnapped school girl Leah Sharibu, who friends say is being held by terror group Boko Haram for refusing to renounce her Christian faith. Liberal Democrat MP Tom Brake is staging a sit-in… September 6, 2018 In "Security"