The kidnapped daughter of the lecturer with the University of Jos, Dr. Nandi Drenkat who was killed early Saturday morning has been rescued by the Nigeria Police. The lecturer was shot dead this when the kidnappers stormed his house at the Staff Quarters of the institution and who also took his daughter away with them. Investigation revealed that the wife of the deceased on hearing irregular movement had notified her husband who decided to peep through the window and was hit by a bullet. The deceased was rushed but died before getting to the hospital. Investigations further revealed that the kidnappers had demanded for the sum of 1.8 million as ransom for the girl. Our Reporter who was at the Nasarawa Gwong, Police Station for inquiries however saw the Divisional Police Officers in company of his men with the rescued daughter of the late lecturer. After the girl was brought to the station, the policemen subsequently mobilized themselves for tracking of the kidnappers while others boarded another car with the girl to a hospital according to a source. Source: Nigeria Standard By Moses Omorogieva / Mateen Badru Lagos -   The Lagos State Police Command says it has arrested one Hadijat Kabir for allegedly faking her kidnap with her 18-year-old daughter to defraud her husband of N15 million. Briefing newsmen on Monday in Lagos, the state’s Commissioner of Police, Edgal Imohimi,… August 6, 2018 In "Metro" A kidnap suspect, Mukaila Alatunse has revealed how the ‘success’ story of Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, otherwise known as Evans forced him into kidnapping business. Alatunse said he wanted to make money like the notorious kidnapper, who is now cooling his heels in police custody. The police in Ogun State foiled an… July 13, 2017 In "News" Lokoja - The Commissioner of Police in Kogi, Mr Hakeem Busari, on Monday, confirmed the kidnap of one Mr Henshaw Ativie and his wife in the state on Sunday by unknown gunmen.Busari told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lokoja that the husband and wife were kidnapped along Itakpe-Adogo… April 15, 2019 In "News"