A video of a 25-year-old man who purportedly died in an isolation centre in Ogun State has been debunked by the Ogun State Government. According to Daily Post, a social media user on Monday posted the video, saying he got it from a doctor in an Ogun State isolation centre. In the viral video, the said COVID-19 patient was seen breathing with the aid of an oxygen tank as he battles for his life on the bed. The originator of the video alleged that the 25-year-old man later died at about 5:30am on Monday. While condeming the “reckless” act of filming a dying person on a hospital bed, the state government said the video did not emanate from any of its COVID-19 isolation centres. In a statement signed by the Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker she said that there was no 25-year-old man admitted into any of the isolation centres in Ogun State. Coker said the arrangement in the State’s wards was spacious enough to meet with the social distancing regulation stipulated by World Health Organisation (WHO), contrary to the space displayed in what she described as a ‘propaganda video’. According to her, the “Polaris Bank logo on the cabinet, showing that it was donated by the said bank is a clear sign that the place in question is not an Ogun State isolation centre”, adding that no single COVID-19 relief item was donated to Ogun State government by Polaris Bank. The Health Commissioner spoke further that that the inscription on the wall of the background does not tally with any of the numerous encouraging wall inscriptions in Ogun State wards. Also, she clarified that none of Ogun State isolation centres is painted in the colour shown in the footage. Condeming the video, Coker said “it is inappropriate for an hospital environment meant for caring to be turned into such frivolous use.” The medical practitioner described the action as “disheartening and futile smear campaign designed to denigrate the steady battle against COVID-19 in Ogun State.” “It is unfortunate that anyone would take delight in filming a dying patient rather than assist as the footage suggests,” the Commissioner stated. Watch video below: Source ILORIN - The Kwara State Government has confirmed two cases of COVID-19 in the state. The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor and spokesman of the Technical Committee on COVID-19, Rafiu Ajakaye, announced this on Monday evening via a statement. He also confirmed the authenticity of the statement when contacted… April 6, 2020 In "News" A 62-years old man, who returned from United Kingdom (UK) has been identified as one fresh case of COVID-19 virus, Ogun state government revealed late Tuesday afternoon. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr. tomi Coker, who made the disclosure while briefing journalists late yesterday afternoon in Abeokuta, the state capital… March 25, 2020 In "News" By Ogochukwu Anioke, Abakaliki Ebonyi has confirmed a second case of coronavirus in the State. The 27- year- old patient was intercepted at Ishieke in Ebonyi Local government Area with his seven- month- old pregnant wife and a maid when coming into Ebonyi from Delta State in a bus. Commissioner… April 29, 2020 In "News"