By Georgina Bode Berlin  –  Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, on Wednesday, announced steps to ease the coronavirus lockdown, saying the first phase of the pandemic had passed but there was still a long way to go. Germany went into lockdown in March to slow the spread of the virus. Its reproduction rate had been falling for several days, and Merkel said it was now consistently below one, meaning a person with the virus infects fewer than one other on average. “We are at a point where our goal of slowing the spread of the virus has been achieved and we have been able to protect our health system … so it has been possible to discuss and agree on further easing measures,” Merkel told reporters. Under measures agreed with Germany’s 16 federal state leaders, people from two households will be allowed to meet, and more shops will open, provided hygiene measures are in place. But guidelines on keeping a distance of 1.5 metres and wearing mouth and nose masks on public transport would remain. Germany’s Bundesliga soccer league could resume in the second half of May, Merkel said. People in care homes may again receive regular visits from “a permanent contact person”, Merkel said after talks with regional leaders. Their plan included, a fail-safe ‘emergency brake’, so restrictions would be reintroduced if an area registers more than 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants within seven days. The federal and state governments would wait and see how the easing measures panned out, Merkel said, adding: “We now face a phase in which there will be a lot more contact than was the case up to now.” “We are following a bold path. “We can afford to be a bit bold but we must remain cautious,” she said (Reuters/NAN) The chancellor’s rigor in collating information, her honesty in stating what is not yet known, and her composure are paying off BERLIN—Today, we face the global outbreak of a disease that has the potential to catalyze what the historian Eva Schlotheuber terms a “pandemic of the mind.” As misinformation proliferates… April 21, 2020 In "Foreign" Ghana’s president, Nana Akufo Addo has lifted the partial lockdown imposed in the country to stem the spread of coronavirus, but the ban on gatherings is still in place, local media reported. The ease in restrictions came into effect from 1.00 a.m. local time (0100GMT) on Monday, according to News… April 20, 2020 In "Foreign" Germany and the UK went into lockdown within a day of each other. Now, one month on, as Berlin begins to ease it itself out of its coronavirus lockdown, the UK remains in the grip of widespread restrictions that has brought the country to a near standstill. The difference in… April 24, 2020 In "Foreign"