Los Angeles  –  Barbara Ferrer, Los Angeles County’s top public health official, said stay-at-home orders could remain in place through July, signalling months more of coronavirus restrictions across one of the country’s largest population centres. During a county board meeting, Ferrer said the lockdown orders will be extended unless health officials see a “dramatic change in this virus or in the tools.” However, officials will gradually ease restrictions during that period, according to the local Fox News affiliate. Los Angeles County, home to more than 10 million people, has not formally extended the stay-at-home order. If extended, the stay-at-home order would be the longest order for a major population centre in the U.S. Los Angeles County decision does not include the city of Los Angeles, but the two authorities have been largely coordinating their public health response. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti sought to temper the reaction to Ferrer’s statements. Speaking on CNN Garcetti said that while a public health order will remain in place, officials may “continuously edit that order” to ease restrictions. Coronavirus cases continue to rise in the county – home to more than 10 million people – with more than 32,000 confirmed infections and 1,569 deaths. Ferrer’s statements come as many states, including California, are moving forward with reopening their economies, although at different speeds. Protests have been taking place around the country against stay-at-home orders, which public health experts say are essential to blunting the coronavirus outbreak. Anthony Fauci, the country’s top infectious diseases expert, warned on Tuesday that there will likely be “really serious” consequences, including unnecessary deaths, if the U.S. moves too quickly to reopen the economy. “There is a real risk that you will trigger an outbreak that you might not be able to control,” he said. (dpa/NAN) By emmanuel.yashim Los Angeles - Authorities in Los Angeles are warning against a weekend rush to beaches and hiking trails, which remain closed during the coronavirus pandemic, despite surging temperatures. Southern California is due to see its first weekend of high heat this weekend, with temperatures forecast to top 33… April 25, 2020 In "News" California now has six confirmed cases of the new strain of coronavirus. Health officials expect that number to grow but have said the threat to the general public remains low. The Department of Defense said that it has agreed to house up to 1,000 people who may need to be… February 4, 2020 In "Foreign" By Yemi Adeleye Lagos - The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), RS2 Command, Lagos, says it has recorded nine road crashes with one fatality in Ogun and Lagos States during the lockdown occasioned by Covid-19 pandemic. Mr Samuel Obayemi, the FRSC Zonal Commanding Officer in charge of the two states,… April 17, 2020 In "News"