The United Nations Children Emergency Fund (UNICEF) has appointed award-winning Nigerian musician, producer and songwriter, Cobhams Asuquo, as its National Ambassador. Peter Hawkins, UNICEF Nigeria Representative, announced this in a statement on Wednesday. He said that the appointment made the artist UNICEF Nigeria’s first National Ambassador in the last 15 years. Asuquo would help raise awareness on concerns around children’s rights and solutions, including issues around birth registration, immunization, education and protection from violence. Hawkins welcomed him to the UNICEF family, particularly on Children’s Day. The statement recalled that Asuquo had been supporting UNICEF to raise awareness on children and youth issues. Hawkins acknowledged his support for UNICEF Nigeria’s work since 2019, including producing ‘I am a Nigeria Child (For Every Child)’, the song promoting kids’ rights to be respected and protected. UN added that the hit maker also produced the song ‘We go Win (Corona)’, to raise awareness on how Nigerians can protect themselves from COVID-19. Asuquo also produced the song ‘Tell Everybody’ back in 2015 to raise awareness on the Sustainable Development Goals, as part of the UN Global Goals campaign. Hawkins quoted Asuquo as saying it was a huge honour to become a UNICEF Nigeria Ambassador. Source UNICEF has inaugurated a campaign to create awareness about the rights of children in Nigerian society. The campaign tagged: “For every child, every right’’, is to draw attention to children’s right. UNICEF’s new Country Representative in Nigeria, Mr Peter Hawkins, made this known on Monday in a statement to commemorate… May 27, 2019 In "News" By Esenvosa IzahLagos. -. UNICEF  has launched a campaign to draw awareness to children’s rights by all of Nigerian society. The campaign tagged: ”For every child, every right’’, is to draw attention to children’s right. UNICEF’s new Country Representative in Nigeria, Mr Peter Hawkins, made this known on Monday in… May 27, 2019 In "News" Kabul - The UNICEF on Wednesday said a young and leading Afghan cricketer has been announced as UNICEF Afghanistan’s national ambassador. “The leading cricketer, Rashid Khan, has today been announced as UNICEF Afghanistan’s National Ambassador. “In his role, 20-year-old Khan will help UNICEF to promote girls’ education, tackle malnutrition, eradicate… March 20, 2019 In "Foreign"