Liberia has dropped charges against four former central bank bosses, including an ex-president’s son, in a highly publicised graft scandal over the mishandling of banknotes worth millions of dollars. Five people were indicted last year for “economic sabotage” and other crimes after a probe found that an order for cash worth some 16 billion Liberian dollars ($80.6 million, 74.6 million euros) could not be traced. Charles Sirleaf, the son of former Liberian president and Nobel laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, was among the five originally indicted, as an ex-deputy governor at the central bank. But on Thursday evening, Liberia’s Justice Minister Musa Dean told a court in the capital Monrovia that he was dropping charges against Sirleaf, as well as four others. The government did not respond to questions from AFP asking why the charges had been dropped. Former central bank governor Milton Weeks remains under indictment. Liberia’s President George Weah announced a probe into the scandal in 2018 after coming to office on promises to tackle corruption. However, he has faced protests from citizens angry about continuing corruption, deteriorating living standards and soaring inflation. Due to inflation, the value of the banknotes ordered by the central bank was closer to $100 million (92 million euros) when the trial opened. What happened to the cash is unclear. A 2019 report from US corporate investigations firm Kroll said that the printed money arrived at the central bank, but that bank officials had neither followed proper procedure nor kept consistent records. (AFP) MONROVIA    -       Fifteen Liberians, including the son of former president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, are banned from leaving the country while the government investigates the whereabouts of $104 million in missing cash intended for the central bank, the government said. A series of shipments of notes ordered by… September 19, 2018 In "Business" Monrovia   -     A Liberian court has issued arrest warrants for more than 30 former Central Bank officials in connection with 104 million dollars that went missing on the way to the bank, according to a court document released on Friday. Former bank Governor Milton Weeks and Charles… September 28, 2018 In "Foreign" Monrovia - Three members of the Central Bank Of Liberia, including the son of former President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, were arrested in connection with the disappearance of about 16.5 million dollars, police said on Friday. Central bank deputy governor Charles Sirleaf and director of banking Dorbor Hagba were arrested on Thursday… March 1, 2019 In "Foreign"