Olorunnimbe Mamora, minister of state for health has stated that Nigeria cannot take orders from the World Health Organization on the steps to take in the fight against Coronavirus. The Minister said this a day after the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) said Nigeria would continue the trial use of hydroxychloroquine in the treatment of Coronavirus patients even after the WHO had announced the suspension of the solidarity trial. NAFDAC said the drug has been effective in treating COVID-19 patients, especially those at the mild stage of infection. Speaking at the presidential task force (PTF) on COVID-19 briefing on Wednesday May 27, Mamora stated that the WHO provides guidance and guidelines and does not dictate because every country have their own peculiarities. He Said; “We are still working on drugs. Don’t forget that even the hydroxychloroquine is still being worked on as we speak. It’s important for us to make it clear that the WHO does not dictate to countries as to what to do. “They only provide guidance and guidelines, not dictate, because the reality is that each country is expected to look at those realities on ground and leave room for innovation, flexibility and adaptation as dictated by the realities on ground in each country. “So we’re still looking at the issues of drugs; we are still looking at the issues of vaccine as well, also in the areas of research.” Mamora also revealed that Nigeria is using a science-based approach to contain the spread of virus in the country. He Added; “One of the researches that has come out of our own situation is establishing that what we have here is the same strain in Wuhan.” Source •Senator Olorunnimbe Mamora The Federal Ministry of Health is screening 19 local firms for the production of herbal drugs that can possibly treat or cure COVID-19. The firms, it was learnt, made many claims ranging from the outright cure for COVID-19 to the treatment of the symptoms. It was learnt… May 26, 2020 In "News" The Director-General of the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration NAFDAC, Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, says Nigeria will continue its clinical trial of Hydroxychloroquine for the treatment of COVID19 patients despite the suspension of the drug by the World Health Organization WHO. Yesterday, the World Health Organization announced it has… May 26, 2020 In "Health" By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The Federal Government traced no fewer than 100 contacts of the first reported Coronavirus (COVID-19) case in the country, Minister of State for Health, Sen. Olorunnimbe Mamora, said. He disclosed this at News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Forum in Abuja that the ministry is also… March 3, 2020 In "News"