Speaker of the Edo State House of Assembly, Frank Okiye, says he recovered from coronavirus after 21 days in isolation without infecting anyone, The PUNCH reports. Okiye, who spoke to journalists in Benin on Thursday, said all he did to prevent infecting his aides, family, and friends with the disease was strict adherence to government’s guidelines, especially those on social distancing, and compulsory use of face masks among others. The speaker, who is the index COVID-19 case in Edo, is amongst the 10 patients who have been discharged upon recovery and after testing negative twice for the virus. He urged residents of the state to complement the government’s efforts at checking the spread of the virus by making themselves available for the ongoing screening and testing in various centres across the state. “I came into the country from London through the international airport, and down to Benin airport with my aides and moved to my house; I was in self-isolation for about three weeks and none of my aides, family members, or friends was infected. “That was made possible because we insisted on adherence to all precautionary measures including social distancing, regular hygiene, and sanitising of the environment. “I ensured that if you had anything to do with me, you must wear face masks. I was an index case and didn’t infect anybody and I am certain that if we had 10 people like that, the thing wouldn’t have spread as we have it today,” he explained. Source There are strong indications that the vice president and governors may be in palpable fear following report of self-isolation of the Bauchi State governor, Bala Moham­med, over the coronavirus pandemic. Such fears may have be­come rife following contact between the Bauchi gover­nor and son of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar,… March 24, 2020 In "Politics" As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News" •Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health BENIN - The Nigerian government has confirmed the second case of coronavirus in the country. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, announced this on Monday at a press conference in Benin City, the Edo State capital. Ehanire briefed reporters at the boardroom of… March 9, 2020 In "News"