By Ruona Isikeh  Benin  –  The Management of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), has decried the news of the rape and subsequent murder of one of its students, Miss Vera Omozuwa. The victim was a 100 level Microbiology student of the institution before her travail. Vice Chancellor of UNIBEN, Prof. Lilian Salami, in a statement through the institution’s Public Relations Officer, Dr Benedicta Ehanire, described the news as shocking. In the statement made available to newsmen on Sunday in Benin, the VC said the actions were condemnable and should not be condoned by any society. She said the current COVID-19 pandemic was already hard on everyone and that compounding it with inflicting additional pain on any family was a wicked act. While commiserating with the bereaved family on the loss of their daughter, Salami prayed God to grant her soul peaceful rest. The vice chancellor urged students of the institution and indeed all young people to be wary of the company they kept and the places they visited. Meanwhile, a delegation had been sent by the university’s management to commiserate with the bereaved family. (NAN) The University of Benin (UNIBEN), yesterday, announced the appointment of Prof. Lillian Imuetinyan Salami as its new Vice Chancellor. Salami, appointed as the 10th Substantive Vice Chancellor of the university, is to take over from Professor Faraday F. Osasere Orumwense. Imuetinyan Salami is a Professor of Home Economics/Nutritional Education and… October 26, 2019 In "Education" The University of Benin (UNIBEN) matriculated 10,000 students for the 2016/2017 academic session. Speaking at the event the Vice-Chancellor (VC) of the institution, Prof. Faraday Orumwense, warned the students that the institution would not condone all forms of nefarious activities. He urged the students to obey the university rules and… February 7, 2017 In "Education" By Ruona Isikeh Benin - The Edo Government has sealed some offices at the University of Benin, including the Office of the Vice Chancellor, over alleged tax evasion. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the offices were sealed in the early hours of Monday by officials of the Edo… December 16, 2019 In "News"