The former minister of youth and sports, Solomon Dalung, has said that President Muhammadu Buhari’s government has failed the test of transparency in its handling of palliaitives for the poor. Dalung, who served a minister between 2015 and 2019, made this known in a tweet on Wednesday. He said the distribution of palliatives by the Federal Government failed every known human test of transparency. “The distribution of FG palliatives has failed all known human test for transparency,” Dalung said. He also added that the President’s effort to tackle hunger has been compromised and hunger is now an epidemic in the country. Dalung said, “This has compromised efforts of Mr. President to attack hunger now an epidemic. While suffering persists, those responsible @MBuhari, have looked the other. This is unhealthy to Covid-19 war.” He charged President Buhari to lead by example, adding that the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 should give transparent account of all donations received. “Instead of telling us daily figures of covid-19 which is scary, PTF should give transparent account of all donations & equipments received, palliatives administration…They should lead by example which is key to winning the war against pandemic”, he said. Solomon Dalung@SolomonDalung Instead of telling us daily figures of covid-19 which is scary, PTF should give transparent account of all donations & equipments received, palliatives administration. @MBuhari, @NCDCgov. They should lead by example which is key to winning the war against pandemic.310:25 – 13 May 2020Twitter Ads information and privacySee Solomon Dalung’s other Tweets It would be recalled that while he was minister, Dalung sat on $130,000 erroneously transferred by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), for two years. He attacked those insisting he should make the refund, calling them “enemies of the country.” He later authorised the refund under relentless pressure.  Written by The Interview Editors By Prudence Arobani New York - Mr Solomon Dalung, the Minister of Youth and Sports Development, said President Muhammadu Buhari’s victory against an incumbent in 2015 had proved that one could win election in Nigeria without having money. Dalung, who said this, while addressing officials of the Permanent Mission, Nigeria… February 3, 2018 In "Top Stories" By Dorcas Jonah Abuja -   The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Solomon Dalung, on Tuesday said football stakeholders in the country must now find lasting solution to the perennial Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) crisis. Dalung, while addressing a Stakeholders Roundtable on the State of Governance of Nigeria Football… July 24, 2018 In "Sports" Abuja -  The Minister of Youth and Sports, Solomon Dalung, on Tuesday gave the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) conditions for the hiring of a foreign coach for the national team. Dalung gave the conditions at a meeting with NFF Executive Committee members at his National Stadium office, Abuja. The meeting… April 5, 2016 In "Sports"