Two sisters and their parents have been arrested in Yatta, Machakos County, Kenya for allegedly killing their close relative over a dowry payment row. According to the police report, Francis Mulwa Muthama, aged 25, was attacked by his parents and two sisters after demanding a share of the dowry paid for his sisters from his mother. The murder incident took place at Kamweani village in Kithimani Location in Machakos County. Yatta Sub-County police boss, Mary Njoki, said that Francis arrived home drunk on Saturday night, May 3, and first demanded supper. After downing his supper, the belligerent man accused his mother, Monica Muthama, 62, of denying him access to the dowry paid for his sisters. The quarrel that ensued between mother and son, woke up his two sisters and father who allegedly assailed him with crude weapons, injuring him. Police said the man was pronounced dead on arrival at a hospital in Yatta. His body has been taken to a mortuary in Matuu as police launch investigations. The incident was reported by the man’s mother and led to the arrest of the father, Bernard Muthama Kilundo, and his sisters Mary Nduku and Teresia Nthenya. Source The Imam made the discovery after marrying the bride Sheikh Mohammed Mutumba, the Imam of Kyampisi Masigid Noor mosque in Kayunga Sub-County, Kayunga District, a fortnight ago, exchanged marriage vows in Islamic culture (Nikah) with his ‘wife’ Ms Swabullah Nabukeera. According to Daily Monitor, the couple who did not have… January 13, 2020 In "Metro" Tunji Bosun, Abeokuta A seven-year-old boy, Joshua Joseph, who was declared missing two years ago, has been found with his adopted mother, Blessing Ozor, who allegedly paid N1.05m for his ‘adoption’. Joshua was declared missing by his parents, who live in Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State, in 2017, but he was found… August 19, 2019 In "Metro" By Moji Eniola Ikeja - Two sisters on Monday told an Ikeja Domestic Violence and Special Offences Court, how their father, Gabriel Ogbar, allegedly defiled and raped them at their residence at Oke-Ogbe, Atura area of Badagry, Lagos State. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the two sisters… March 25, 2019 In "Metro"