The University of Lagos on Sunday has asked workers not to resume until it put in place a phased timetable for resumption, The Nation reports. A statement signed by the institution’s registrar, Mr. Oladejo Azeez, noted that only workers on essential duties were expected at work. The statement reads: “The Management of the University of Lagos at its meeting held on Tuesday April 28, 2020 reviewed the directive of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency, Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, concerning the phased and gradual easing of lockdown measures in the FCT, Ogun and Lagos states scheduled to commence on Monday, May 4, 2020. “Management resolved that members of staff should not resume on Monday, May 4, 2020 to enable adequate measures to be put in place for a phased resumption. “Members of Staff are hereby advised to await the Schedule of Resumption of Duty which will be released soonest. Meanwhile, Staff on essential duties, such as Works and Physical Planning Unit (Power), Security, as well as Faculty and Hostel Porters should be at their duty posts.” Source By Chibuike Nwabuko The National Assembly will on Tuesday resume plenary session after about five weeks of break as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Senate and the House of Representatives had in March suspended plenary for two weeks in a bid to prevent the spread of coronavirus disease.… April 27, 2020 In "Top Stories" The leadership of Nigeria's House of Representatives has directed its members to resume plenary session on Tuesday, April 28, at 10 am. This directive was issued in a statement signed by the Clerk to the House of Representatives, Patrick Giwa. The clerk said in the statement that the COVID-19 Guidelines… April 27, 2020 In "Politics" The leadership of Nigeria's House of Representatives has directed its members to resume plenary session on Tuesday, April 28, at 10 am. This directive was issued in a statement signed by the Clerk to the House of Representatives, Patrick Giwa. The clerk said in the statement that the COVID-19 Guidelines… April 27, 2020 In "News"