By Sunday John  Lafia  – The Nasarawa State Government on Sunday evacuated 788 Quranic education pupils (Almajiri) to their states of origin to guard against further spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). Speaking at the flag off of the exercise in Lafia, Gov. Abdullahi Sule said the evacuation was a decision reached by governors of the 19 northern states. Sule noted that the move was to ensure that the parents of the children took proper care them, adding that the government did it in good faith. He said that the evacuation would be in phases, with the first phase to states currently not considered high risks of the pandemic. The governor said that before now, the Almajiri system had posed a serious problem, adding that the coronavirus pandemic had further made it more dangerous. “Most of them engage in street begging and are vulnerable to contracting the virus when they receive alms from persons whose status is positive. “Their teachers cannot keep them at home during this lockdown as they lack the capacity to feed the pupils under them,” Sule said. The governor explained that all the children were given some stipends to buy some food while on transit. He said that they were being conveyed in very comfortable civilian buses under the supervision of state officials,who would hand them over to the officials of their respective states on arrival. Also, Halima Jabiru, the state’s Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, said that the first batch of the children would be transported to Plateau, Kaduna, Gombe, Taraba and Jigawa states. She said that consultation was ongoing to work out modalities for the next phase of evacuation. (NAN) •Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State By Muhammad Nur Tijani KANO - Bayero University, Kano (BUK) says it will establish a COVID-19 test centre to help in managing the COVID-19 pandemic in Kano State.The Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Yahuza Bello, disclosed this at COVID-19 press briefing at the… April 26, 2020 In "News" Kano State government on Sunday approved the deportation of Almajiris, otherwise known as ‘children beggars’ in the State. Salihu Tanko Yakasai, the media aide to Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, made this known. The governor had said the decision was made to fully consolidate the free and compulsory primary and… April 20, 2020 In "News" Rivers State, Governor Nyesom Wike, has ordered the immediate deportation of almajiris and other street beggars from the state with immediate effect in a bid to curb the spread of coronavirus in the state. The Governor gave the order on Monday in a statewide broadcast on COVID-19. He said it… April 28, 2020 In "News"