A White woman living in Virginia has died mysteriously after she ignored warnings from social media users when she revealed her plans to dabble into voodoo and summon an African spirit known as Papa Legba. The woman identified as Katelyn “Kat” Restin, a 19-year-old Virginia woman, was found dead after she allegedly drowned in a bathtub according to one of her friends. People are blaming her death on her practicing Haitian Vodou summoning spells. Restin died two days after she claimed that she saw Papa Legba apparently after a summoning spell people warned her not to try. Papa Legba is one of the best known figures in African spirituality. He serves as an intermediary between man and the spirit world. Several movies have been made about him, including the American horror story “Coven”. Kat Restin was part of a group on social media that practiced spells, and one day she decided to go into voodoo. Twitter and Facebook users warned her not to try it but she insisted and said everyone should be allowed to practice whatever spirituality they want to practice. She added: “Shut the f*** up and let me be.” Some of her friends also defended her decision. Three weeks after the post, and other posts showing her practicing voodoo, she made a post stating she saw Papa Legba. She added that she was “scared”. Unfortunately, Kat Restin died two days later. Someone in her group, who claims to commune with the spirits, stated that they did a reading on the late Kat Restin and it wasn’t Papa Legba she saw but another dreaded spirit, Baron Samedi. Friends have taken to Twitter and Facebook to mourn Restin’s death. However, some said she doesn’t deserve their pity. Restin’s obituary states that her cause of death was sudden. The obituary reads: “Katelyn is survived by her daughter Aaliyah Hope Restin, mother Terry Restin, father John Restin, brothers Kevin and Ryan (Blakely) Restin; aunts, Margaret Volk, Mary (Rick) Page, Betty (Joe) Aukward; Uncle, Eric (Susan) Restin, and many cousins and other relatives, all of who she loved and touched deeply.” The family has set up a GoFundMe for Katelyn’s death. Source