Leicester City’s midfielder Wilfred Ndidi has been tipped as the future captain of the national team by prominent former Nigerian internationals following his recent stellar performances for both club and country. Ndidi, who was vice captain for the national U-17 team in his early days, has been one of the mainstays of his English Premier League side likewise the national team in recent time. “Ndidi without any doubt is one of the best in his position across the world at the moment,” former Super Eagles’ striker Daniel Amokachi said about the 23-year-old midfielder. “Despite his age, he has shown a lot of maturity especially in his position as a defensive midfielder, a difficult position at that.“The most important thing is for him to maintain the form that has gotten him this far in his career. If he had been an European, he would have been getting a better ratings across the world.” Speaking in the same vein, former Tanzania national team coach, Emmanuel Amuneke, noted that Ndidi has shown maturity significantly and should not find it difficult to get a bigger club soon while advising him to take the huge step forward. Reacting to the rise of the former Nath Boys of Lagos player, 1980 Africa Cup of Nations winner, Felix Owolabi, said Ndidi had shown to be a leader on and off the field of play and always respectful. He revealed that at the moment, his current club cannot do without him as they always struggle without him on the field. He is also known to be very quiet and private which is sometimes misunderstood but that quality has served him well. Meanwhile, executive head studios and outside broadcast MultiChoice Nigeria, Felix Awogu, said Ndidi has the capacity to lead the Super Eagles if he continues to perform well. “He is a future Super Eagles captain for sure,” noted the experienced journalist. “Ndidi has become the standout performer in Leicester city but beyond his performance on the field of play, his reserved attitude off the pitch reminds me of the Yoruba word ‘omoluwabi’ because he’s respectful, quiet, educated and loyal to family and country.” The Nation Gone are the days when Nigerian players plying their trade in Europe commanded authority and first team places at their various clubs. The team sheets before kickoff always carried their names. It was common to see Finidi George, Austin Okocha, Kanu Nwankwo, Victor Ikpeba, Celestine Babayaro and a host of… August 23, 2014 In "Sports" Super Eagles defender, Leon Balogun, has officially joined the premier league club, Brighton & Hove Albion. Brighton on Tuesday announced that the 29-year-old center-back joined them on a free transfer after leaving Bundesliga side FSV Mainz 05. He has signed a two-year deal with the club. Albion manager, Chris Hughton,… May 23, 2018 In "Sports" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) At some point the Super Eagles lived their name. They could dart, dash, soar, glide, smash and grab. They were never wingless. Elaho, Finidi, Amuneke. ........... The full backs were natural overlappers. They aways floated on the flanks. That was 1992-1996. The world cup is 2 days… June 12, 2018 In "Social Media Feeds"