The controversy generated by Cynthia Morgan’s revelation about Jude Okoye and subsequent exposé by May D is yet to settle. Music executive, Jude Okoye has now revealed that May D after rejecting his contract years ago, begged him to be signed on back to him in 2019. Jude’s revelation is coming after May D had revealed how he got a mere $300 after writing an album that earned the defunct Psquare group a whopping $1 million. In fact, Jude alleged that the conversation happened in his house. He revealed that they were having a conversation over a cigarette and drink, where May D apologized for all he said against him in the past. He then revealed that May D begged to be signed to his record label. Jude revealed that he turned down his request, stating that he is yet to heal from the wound his brothers’ (Psquare) separation caused him. Jude opened up in an Interview with music executive, Ubi Franklin. The Nation recalls that Nigerian singer, Akinmayokun Awodumila popularly known as MayD or Mr MayD opened up on his ordeal in the hands of his former friends, Psquare. According to MayD, they never believed in him and refused to sign him from the start. He further revealed that they only wanted to sign a contract with him after he started making waves. Watch the video below: with @judeengees  powered By @glenfiddich_ng A post shared by  Mr Ubi Ekapong Ofem (@ubifranklintriplemg) on May 27, 2020 at 1:57pm PDT Source Peter Okoye of the defunct Psquare music Group has reminded Cynthia Morgan of how she rejected the contract he gave her, after she narrated how she "lost everything" associated with her music career to his elder brother and CEO of Northside Records, Jude Okoye. We reported earlier that Cynthia Morgan… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" Cynthia Morgan has written an open letter to clear the air following the back and forth that resulted from an interview she granted, claiming her career came to a halt after she signed with Northside Entertainment. Cynthia claimed during her initial interview that the contract restricted her from using her… May 28, 2020 In "Entertainment" Cynthia Morgan's former manager, Joy Tongo has gone on Twitter and Instagram to slam the dancehall musician after she granted an interview where she blamed Jude Okoye for her career woes. In an Instagram Live chat with former Miss Globe Nigeria, Cassandra Ogbebor, Cynthia Morgan spoke about the record label… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment"