The Kogi State Commissioner for Health, Dr Saka Haruna, has said the state is under pressure to declare that it has COVID-19 cases where there is none, according to The PUNCH. The commissioner made the claims in a statement on Thursday. He, however, said the state would not succumb to the pressure. The statement followed a report, which claimed that four persons suspected to be COVID-19 patients had died at the Federal Medical Centre, Lokoja in the last one week. He said that as the state commissioner for health, a member of the Governing Board of the FMC Lokoja, and also the incident manager for COVID-19 in the state, he had yet to be informed of any claimed cases. “There is also a representative of the FMC Lokoja in the state’s squadron against COVID-19 /Lassa fever and never for once was any such case raised in our meetings. The commissioner alleged that the aim of those putting pressure on the state was to politicise the situation as they are not happy that the current administration has been scored high by local and international observers on health care. He added, “First and foremost, it is imperative that the public realise that there is no state government that can deliberately put her people in harm’s way for whatever political reason and the current administration has been scored high by local and international observers on health. We have and will continue to put the health of our people as first priority. “We have been in an annual fight against Lassa fever as the state is located in the Lassa fever belt, recording several cases with regrettable losses. We were first to establish a Biosafety Laboratory for Lassa fever in Nigeria and this year alone we have confirmed 30 cases of Lassa fever that was duly announced. To accuse the state of a cover-up of COVID-19 cases is mischievous and at best politically inclined.” Source Kogi State's Commissioner for information, Kingsley Fanwo has raised an alarm of an alleged attempt to import and declare fictitious Coronavirus cases in the state. Fanwo alleged that the state government has been under pressure from "some interesting quarters" to find and declare cases of the disease. In the statement… May 5, 2020 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Abia Government on Friday said it had traced 209 contacts of the two index coronavirus cases in the state and placed them under surveillance in an isolation facility. The the Abia Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi-Kalu, made this known in a statement made available to… April 24, 2020 In "News" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state has announced the death of three COVID-19 patients in the state. Tambuwal disclosed this in a statement signed by his Special Adviser on Media and Public Affairs, Malam Muhammad Bello. The governor noted that all the three victims had… April 29, 2020 In "News"