OWERRI (SundiataPost) – The Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodimma on Saturday hinted that three patients who tested positive to the Covid-19 pandemic in the state have been discharged. Addressing newsmen at Government House, Owerri, Governor Uzodimma informed that of the six cases undergoing treatment in the State Isolation Centre two were discharged at the weekend while the index case had been discharged earlier, bringing the total number of discharged patients to three. He explained that all the three already discharged tested negative twice according to Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) regulations. The governor further explained that the number of cases currently undergoing treatment in Imo State is four. The governor further informed that so far, there are no new cases of COVID-19 patients recorded in Imo State. On Friday, the governor appealed to the people to abide by the directives already given by the state government and the Imo State Covid-19 Task Force on how to be safe and reiterated his resolve to do all within his constitutional powers to protect the lives of Imo people. •Governor Hope Uzodinma By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa OWERRI - The Imo State Government says it has raised COVID-19 sample test to 10 weekly as against the previous arrangement of three weekly. Mr Oguike Nwachukwu, the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Hope Uzodimma said in a statement on behalf of the Chairman,… April 22, 2020 In "News" Lagos State on Thursday discharged 48 more patients receiving treatment at Lagos State Isolation facilities after testing negative for COVID-19 twice. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, announced this on Thursday, saying those discharged comprised 32 males and 16 females. According to the governor, “We will continue to celebrate and acknowledge our wins,… May 7, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - One of the suspected killers of Pa Fasoranti's daughter has tested positive to COVID-19. Three other positive cases of COVID-19 were today confirmed in Akure, the Ondo State capital by the state governor Rotimi Akeredolu. By this, the number of positive cases of… April 26, 2020 In "Top Stories"