By Christian Njoku  Calabar  –  The Cross River Commissioner for Health, Dr Betta Edu, on Friday said sample of a suspected COVID-19 case in Cross River had been sent to the Irrua Specialist Hospital in Edo for a analysis. Edu who was reacting to the death of a nurse at the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital (UCTH), made the revelation in an interview with journalists in Calabar The commissioner who is also the Chairman, Cross River COVID-19 Response Team, said she was aware of the death of the nurse but could not yet confirm whether or not the nurse died of a COVID-19 infection. “We have sent sample to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) laboratory in Irrua, Edo State and the result is not yet back,” she said. However, a source at UCTH who pleaded anonymity said that a nurse working in the hospital presented symptoms of COVID-19 on Wednesday in the Accident and Emergency (AE) Unit. “After review, the deceased was taken to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) while being prepared for the UCTH Isolation Centre, and an ICU nurse and an anaesthetist cared for her. “The patient died on Wednesday night, May 20, although her sample result is yet to be ready,” the source said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that a seven-man Ministerial Task Force visited the state on Monday to assess its level of response to the pandemic. The task force also assessed some medical facilities put in place in the state to combat the pandemic. (NAN) By George Odok Calabar - The Cross River Government on Friday said it was ready to distribute food items to 44,000 vulnerable households in the state to cushion effects of the “stay at home” order over the COVID-19.The state Chairman of COVID-19 Taskforce, Dr Betta Edu, said this at an… April 3, 2020 In "News" Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta on Wednesday in Asaba declared the state free from COVID-19 pandemic as three suspected cases tested negative. The governor, who received the test results of the three suspected cases from the Irrua Specialist Hospital, Edo, declared that the results were negative. “A little… April 1, 2020 In "News" Following the death of an Ebola victim in Port Harcourt, Rivers State during the week, at least 160 persons that made contact with the victim have been identified and put under observation. The Rivers State Commissioner for Health, Sampson Parker, stated at a news conference at the state’s secretariat in… August 30, 2014 In "News"