The Federal High Court in Lagos has fixed June 2 to hear an application by a former Abia State governor, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, seeking his release from prison. The motion on notice will be heard by Justice Mohammed Liman. Orji is serving a 12-year jail term at the Correctional Service Centre in Kuje, Abuja for looting N7.65billion belonging to Abia State. The Senate’s Chief Whip has hired a 12-man team of lawyers, including six Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SAN)s, to prosecute his freedom bid. He filed the motion on May 12 asking the court to nullify his conviction. Justice Mohammed Idris of the Federal High Court, last December 5, convicted Kalu and a former Director of Finance in theAbia State Government House, Ude Jones Udeogu, of the offence. Udeogu bagged 10 years imprisonment. Following Udeogu’s appeal, the Supreme Court on May 8 held that the fiat issued to Justice Idris to conclude the case after he had been elevated to the Court of Appeal was “a nullity”. The highest Court set aside Idris’ verdict “as it pertains or relates to the appellant (Udeogu)”.It ordered Udeogu’s freedom and the retrial of his case. Kalu is contending that no legal basis exists for his continued incarceration following the Supreme Court’s judgment which declared his trial a nullity and freed Udeogu. The Nation The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says Orji Kalu, former Abia state governor, will face immediate retrial for money laundering. The supreme court voided Kalu’s conviction on Friday. He had been sentenced to 12 years in jail by a federal high court before the apex court nullified his conviction.… May 8, 2020 In "News" The Economic And Financial Crimes Commission, (EFCC) has said it was ready for fresh and immediate re-trial of the former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu. The Supreme Court has quashed the judgement that convicted and sentenced Kalu to 12- year imprisonment on the grounds that the constitution did… May 8, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Sen Orji Uzor Kalu has been used to comfortable life and can't easily put up with certain life-style even in prison. He exhibited this even as he was taken to his small-space cell at Kuje prison. Senator Orji Kalu who upon conviction pleaded… December 10, 2019 In "Top Stories"