JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) – South Africa could see up to 50,000 coronavirus deaths and as many as three million infections by the end of the year as the southern hemisphere winter leads to a higher rate of infection, scientific models showed on Thursday. The country already has the highest number of infections and deaths on the continent, with more than 18,000 identified cases and 339 deaths, but a national lockdown entering its sixth week had slowed infections. However scientists and statisticians hired by the health ministry to model the spread of the disease said the country could see between 35,000 and 50,000 coronavirus deaths by November. “We haven’t really crushed the curve,” said one of the experts, Harry Moultrie, in a presentation shown on television. “We also have some significant concerns that because of the focus on COVID-19, this may compromise other areas like HIV and TB.” The models, which consider best and worst scenarios, see as many three million possible coronavirus cases by November, while demand for hospital beds is seen peaking at 45,000, around ten times the current intensive care bed availability. One of models showed the lockdown had reduced the rate of infection by 60%, and that since the beginning of May, when lockdown restrictions were eased, that had fallen to 30%. “With the lockdown we were creating a physical barrier that prevents the virus from moving,” said Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize. “The lockdown had a particular value. Now we are trying to move to a slightly different strategy which is the risk-adjusted approach.” •A queue of cars are seen at the Maseru Bridge border post between Lesotho and South Africa on March 24, 2020.  Molise Molise / AFP.  South Africa is ramping up its coronavirus screening and testing programmes, officials said on Monday, as the number of COVID-19 cases in the country rose… April 14, 2020 In "Foreign" Joggers, walkers and cyclists take the chance to exercise as South Africa starts to relax some aspects of a stringent nationwide coronavirus disease (COVID-19) lockdown in Cape Town, South Africa, May 1, 2020. Under the new regulations, exercise is allowed between 6am and 9am only. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings GENEVA/LONDON (Reuters) -… May 2, 2020 In "News" Mumbai - The number of confirmed new coronavirus cases in South Asia neared 6,000 on Saturday, even as authorities in some cities tightened restrictions on movement and warned lockdowns could be extended in a bid to rein in the pandemic. “If people don’t obey the rules seriously and cases continue… April 4, 2020 In "News"