The home of the Comptroller- General of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Col. Hameed Ali (Rtd) buzzed a bit at the weekend, when the former military boss brought home Hajiya Zainab Abdullahi as his new bride, two years after the death of his former wife. The wedding ceremony to usher in the new wife, which reportedly took place in Kaduna, where Ali was once a governor, was devoid of fanfare because of the social distancing rules introduced by the Nigerian government to overcome the COVID-19 pandemic in the country. Ali, 65, who was spirited from retirement by President Muhammadu Buhari to his new position as the NCS boss, on August 27, 2015, had previously served as military administrator of Kaduna State from 1996 to 1998. His first wife, Hajiya Hadiza Jummai Ali, who was the first lady during his years as Kaduna governor, had died in Abuja on October 29th, 2018 at the age of 53, leaving behind four children. Born 15 January 1955, the current Customs CG previously served as Military Governor of Kaduna State from 1996 to 1998. After retirement, he became secretary of the Arewa Consultative Forum – a political and cultural association of leaders in Northern. Zaria (Kaduna State)- Mr Hameed Ali, the Comptroller General of Customs, on Friday advocated for renewed change in policies and tactics as well as synergy among security agencies to check the current security challenges in the country. He made the call at the graduation ceremony of the Nigerian Customs Service(NCS)… September 5, 2015 In "News" Senator Francis Fadahunsi The Deputy Chairman of the Senate Committee on Customs, Senator Francis Fadahunsi, has alleged that the recruitment exercise being carried out by the department of Customs and Excise was mired in controversy and therefore dismissed it as a fraud. He also queried why despite having all the… January 18, 2020 In "News" Abeokuta  -   The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), has solicited the cooperation of Ogun government in its anti -smuggling campaign in the state. The Comptroller-General of the NSC, Col. Hammed Ali (rtd.) made the appeal on Thursday in Abeokuta when he visited Gov. Ibikunle Amosun. Ali, who was on a… April 7, 2016 In "News"