By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  –  President Muhammadu Buhari has authorised the commencement of a major military operation to sweep bandits and kidnappers out of Katsina State. Malam Garba Shehu, the President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, confirmed this in a statement in Abuja on Sunday. He said: ”A major proactive operation by Special Forces, which details are being kept secret, is now in progress to replace the reactive strikes against insurgent camps. ”To give a full effect to the exercise, a planning team is already in the state selecting targets and making preparations for the execution of the “unprecedented” operation. The Chief of Defence Staff, General Gabriel Olonisakin, who has been measured in issuing official statements on the oncoming exercise, briefed the President on the plan he intends to flag off shortly.” The presidential aide also quoted President Buhari to have expressed sadness over the recent attacks in the state, and extended his condolences to the families of those killed as well as prayed for the recovery of the injured. (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has charged the military to be more spontaneous in restoring peace to the country, particularly states troubled by bandits. He gave the order in Katsina on Saturday while ordering them “not to spare bandits’’. A statement by his Senior Special Assistant on… August 17, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday charged Nigerian troops to be ruthless in their operations against criminals in parts of the country.   He said the activities of kidnappers and other criminals were disgraceful to the nation.   Buhari, according to a statement by his Senior Special… August 26, 2018 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The acting Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, says solution has been found for the notorious activities of kidnappers on the Kaduna-Abuja highway, saying the road is now safe for all travellers. Adamu disclosed this when he briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of security… April 11, 2019 In "News"