Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki has made it clear that he will return as Governor of the state in the next election, as he said “power comes from God.” The governor who disclosed this on Wednesday, in an interview on Channels Television breakfast programme, Sunrise Daily, noted that he is a man of peace, not an violent person. “I am not a violent person. But I am confident that the way I got into power is the same way I will return. “God gave me power. If he wants me to return I will continue. No man can stop me. Power comes from God,” he said. Obaseki speaking concerning violence during election said he has always canvassed for peace and believes election should not lead to bloodshed. The governor who also spoke concerning the political rift within his party the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State, stated that he is not distracted, adding that his focus is on developing Edo State. “We have always canvassed for peace. What are the issues in Edo and what are the issues that cannot be resolved in a democracy. Our concern is to use the resources of the people to develop the state. “This shouldn’t lead to bloodshed. We will not accept to be cowed and intimidated because some people think that they can manipulate rules and cut corners,” he added. When asked if it’s not the resources of the people of Edo State that was used for him to become the governor, Obaseki said, “I have friends with resources. I worked for eight years behind the scene before I became governor. “So all that insinuations about using somebody’s resources…I became Governor on the platform of the party and I am grateful for it.” He expressed confidence that the rule of law will prevail in the forthcoming Edo State election because he is sure that Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari believes in the rule of law and will allow things to be done openly. Obaseki further noted that he is not in contest with anyone, stressing that he is confident of victory. “It does not matter whether it is direct or indirect (primaries), I will win,” he said. The National Working Committee (NWC) of the ruling APC, currently led by the National Chairman of the party and former governor of Edo State, Adams Oshiomhole had earlier on May 22 announced its decision to adopt direct primary for the coming governorship primaries in Edo State scheduled to hold on June 22. Source Abuja - (Sundiata Post) - Apparently, there is no going back on the raging political war for the soul of Edo State between Governor Godwin Obaseki and his predecessor, the national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. Prior to the 2016, governorship election, Oshiomhole had canvassed… July 7, 2019 In "News" Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike, has slammed National Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, as a dubious and political armed robber without verifiable academic certificate. He also described Oshiomhole as a politician without character. He also described the APC National Chairman as a man always driven by… February 15, 2020 In "News" The crisis rocking the Edo chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) may soon boil over, as the principal actors in the imminent battle are poised for a showdown over the control of the state’s political structure. The dramatis personae are led by the state governor, Godwin Obaseki on one… July 13, 2019 In "Politics"