IBADAN – The Emergency Operations Centre (EOC), of the Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, is set to test at least 100 persons related to the Ibadan company, where 30 staff members had tested positive Saturday night.A tweet on the account of Governor Seyi Makinde, Chairman of Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force on Saturday confirmed the development, which dramatically shot up Oyo State’s COVID-19 figures to above the 100 mark.A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Mr. Taiwo Adisa, indicated, on Sunday, that the EOC had to open the testing centre at Adamasingba, Ibadan, on Sunday to conduct the tests even though Sunday is usually observed as an off day by the testing centre.The tweet by @seyiamakinde, had on Saturday confirmed that 30 of the 31 samples taken from the business premises tested positive and that the state government had commenced contact-tracing, immediately.According to the statement, 18 of the 30 positive cases have already been taken to the Infectious Disease Centre (IDC), Olodo, Ibadan.“No fewer than 100 other suspected cases were being handled on Sunday. The results are being awaited, and could be in within 24 hours, in line with the protocol already established by the Virology Laboratory of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan,” the statement added.It recalled that Governor Makinde, had, while breaking the news of the 30 positive cases, assured residents of Oyo State to remain calm as adequate measures are being put in place to ensure public safety.“We are to further reassure the people of Oyo State that there is no need for panic on this matter as all arms of the Task Force are at high alert to ensure that the situation remains under control,” the statement further read.It also quoted Governor Makinde as saying that the state government will continue to bear the cost of COVID-19 tests in the state in order to minimize the risk of infection of health care workers, those whose assignments require personal contact with potential cases.In another development, the Task Force on COVID-19 in the state has scheduled May 22, 2020, for the kick-off of mass testing exercise, which will take place in ten locations in the state.The statement confirmed that training of volunteers on community testing will commence on Tuesday May 19, while the testing activities will commence by Friday.Besides the IDC Olodo, other Isolation centres in the state include Chest Hospital, Agbami, Jericho, Ibadan; Shaki, Ogbomoso, Igbo-Ora, UCH and Aawe, near Oyo. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State IBADAN - A Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO) Citizen For Citizen, has indicated plan to sponsor free COVID-19 testing exercise for 2,000 residents of Oyo state. According to a statement issued on Sunday by Mr Taiwo Adisa, Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, the proposed… April 12, 2020 In "Health" •A health worker on duty  IBADAN (SundiataPost) - Thirty-one more people have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) in Oyo State. The State COVID-19 Task Force confirmed this in its latest update on the disease in the state. In a statement on Saturday, the task force revealed that 30 of the… May 17, 2020 In "News" IBADAN - Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has tested negative for the Coronavirus. This is coming six days after the governor tested positive for the COVID-19 and was in self-isolation. The governor had on March 30th, announced via social media that he had tested positive for the virus, stating… April 6, 2020 In "News"