Manchester United striker, Odion Ighalo, has opened up on the real reasons he ended his international career last year. Ighalo announced he would no longer be available for the Super Eagles, after finishing as top scorer at the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations. The 30-year-old said he made the decision because injuries were taking a toll on his body as well as the distance from China to Nigeria. Ighalo also felt there are exciting young players in the national team, that could step up in his absence. “I got injured in the third place game with Tunisia; in the first half, I pulled my hamstring. I had been having problems on that hamstring even before the tournament. “I needed to stop because it is too long from China to Nigeria for national team duties. I am not getting young again, and we have a lot of young exciting players coming up. Victor Osimhen doing so well, Iwobi and Chukwueze are there. “I thought about it, this is the right time for me to leave,” Ighalo told Ghanaian journalist, Nana Aba anamoah via Instagram Live. Ighalo ranks as the seventh all-time highest goalscorer for Nigeria, with 16 goals in 35 matches. Source Manchester United striker, Odion Ighalo, has identified 2 players in the Super Eagles team that would not allow him to return to the team. Ighalo, in a Twitter Q&A, said the young players in the Super Eagles squad are doing well. The 30-year-old specifically name-checked Victor Osimhen and Samuel Chukwueze… April 15, 2020 In "Sports" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A forward player with Molde FK of Norway, Leke James said he can perform better for the Super Eagles if given the opportunity by the senior male national football team handlers. James who plays in the Norwegian top-flight “Eliteserien’’ told newsmen on Sunday in Abuja that… June 2, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United have finally confirmed the £3million loan signing of Odion Ighalo from Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua, as United see him as a short-term fix to striker problems following Marcus Rashford’s injuries. Man Utd sealed the shock deal late on Friday evening on deadline day for the former Watford striker.… February 1, 2020 In "Sports"