ABUJA – Nigeria’s finance minister, Zainab Ahmed, says the coronavirus pandemic and falling oil prices are set to force the economy into negative growth. Ms. Ahmed made the comments after the National Economic Summit meeting in Abuja on Thursday. “On the economy, COVID-19 has resulted in the collapse in oil prices,” she said. “This will impact negatively, and the impact has already started showing on the federation’s revenues and on the foreign exchange earnings. “Net oil and gas revenue and influx to the federation account in the first quarter of 2020 amounted to N940.91billion.  This represented a shortfall of N125. 52billion or 31% of the prorated amount that is supposed to have been realised by the end of that first quarter.” She added that the economic contraction will multiply the misery of the poor. “The crisis will only multiply this misery,” she said. “The economic growth in Nigeria, that is the GDP, could in the worst case scenario, contract by  as much as –8.94% in 2020.  But in the best case,   which is the case we are working on, it could be a contraction of –4.4%, if there is no fiscal stimulus.  But with the fiscal stimulus plan that we are working on, this contraction can be mitigated and we might end up with a negative –0.59%.” (Channels TV) By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - Leadership of the National Assembly on Wednesday met with some ministers and heads of agencies of Federal Government to brainstorm on impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerian economy. Ezrel Tabiowo, Special Assistant, Press to President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan in a statement, indicated that the… March 25, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajiya Zainab Ahmed says the Federal Government has resolved to recover N614 billion loan facility from 35 states of the federation. The minister revealed this when she briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of the meeting… August 22, 2019 In "News" According to a report by The PUNCH, the Federal Government on Wednesday proposed the reduction of oil benchmark, upon which the 2020 budget was predicated, from $57 to $30 per barrel. The Minister of Finance, Zainab Ahmed, announced this after a meeting between the executive arm of government and the… March 25, 2020 In "News"