Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanemere, does not seem to be happy that his name and image are now being popularised for the wrong reasons, including being used as pawn and has therefore asked those involved to desist from the act. Popularly known as Odumeje, the prophet, particularly asked those involved to desist from using his images especially on social media for “satirical or farcical purposes” targeted at tarnishing his image. The president and founder of Mountain of Fire and Holyghost Intervention Ministry, Onitsha, Anambra State, is also known by different names with which he refers himself, including Indaboski, Liquid Metal, and the Virus. In a statement posted on his official Instagram page, the Man of God urged the general public to be wary of activities of “idle and mischievous” persons who want to spoil his reputation. The statement read: “The management of Mountain of Holyghost Intervention Deliverance Ministry hereby brings to the notice of the general public the recent surge in the use of images of Prophet (Dr.) Chukwuemeka Cyril Ohanaemere (Odumeje) for satirical or farcical purposes targeted at maligning the image of our Ministry or that of our foremost Prophet. “We hereby dissociate ourselves and Prophet Odumeje from any such publications and urge the general public to be wary of the activities of mischievous and idle persons who are hellbent on tarnishing the reputation of our Ministry and that of Prophet Odumeje. “Thank you and God bless you all. Source: Whirlwindnews News Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje is unarguably one of the most talked about spiritual figures in Nigeria. His exotic approach to conducting miracle sessions has been the subject of huge debate that has led many to doubt his genuineness as a true man of God. However, Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje who used to… November 25, 2019 In "Metro" The ever controversial Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje is in the news once again, this time around, the Dr cum prophet was seen with machete. In the video he said that he is in a popular town known for traditional practice and jazz Akokwa. Akokwa is a town in Imo State and… February 12, 2020 In "Metro" The Central Bank of Nigeria governor, Godwin Emefiele has been asked to order the arrest of the controversial Onitsha based prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere also known as Odumeje. Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria (HURIWA) wants Odumeje arrested for his serial abuses of the Nigerian naira and other denominations during his… May 11, 2020 In "News"