By Akeem Abas Ibadan  –  The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Oyo State Council, says it has fumigated its secretariat in Ibadan as part of the efforts to protect members from the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Mr Ademola Babalola, the State NUJ Chairman, said that the fumigation exercise was necessary to protect the environment and members from the spread of COVID-19, which might have been brought into the premises unknowingly. “Against that background, we felt that in doing that assignment, sourcing for news here and there, we might have unknowingly brought that virus to this environment. “Apart from journalists working in this secretariat, we also have some visitors who on daily basis come here to do one thing or the other in the NUJ premises. “We feel that there is need for us to fumigate the environment to make sure that we are able to drive away any virus that may be lurking around to affect or afflict our colleagues,” Babalola said. He called on media owners and other corporate organisations in the state to fumigate their premises. The NUJ chairman said that the union was ready to assist them in securing the services of the company at reasonable amount. “We are happy that Active Partners has been licenced by the state government to go about all the nooks and crannies of the state to offer this service of fumigation to people of the state at reasonable amount of money. “I want to use this medium to advise media owners and other corporate organisations to liaise with NUJ,” he said. Also, Mr Kazeem Lamidi, a Consultant with Active Partners, said the company had put in place standard materials and machineries in place to fumigate institutions against the virus. “COVID-19 is a pandemic, so everybody needs to collaborate to support government efforts. So, in our own little way, we decided to come in as professionals. “We are chemical and fumigation company in Nigeria. With our little professional advice, we can subside the effect of COVID-19 in Oyo State,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the fumigation was carried out on Wednesday at the secretariat in Ibadan by Active Partners Consultants ,a chemical and fumigation company. NAN reports that the union secretariat which was locked down on Wednesday for the fumigation exercise will reopen on Thursday. The union, after the fumigation, was issued a certificate by the Federal Ministry of Environment. (NAN) By Akeem Abas Ibadan - The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Oyo State council, has called on the state government to provide standard equipment and facilities at the centres created to cater for Coronavirus victims. The union, in a statement issued on Monday in Ibadan by its Secretary, Sola Oladapo,… March 23, 2020 In "News" By Muhammad Lawal Birnin Kebbi - The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Kebbi Council, has advised its members in the state to ensure they apply all preventive measures to reduce the spread of the Coronavirus. The council gave the advice in a statement by its Chairman, Mr Aliyu Jajirma, in… May 1, 2020 In "News" By Suleiman Shehu Ibadan - The National Industrial Court sitting in Ibadan on Tuesday fixed Feb.19 for hearing of all pending applications in a suit challenging the eligibility of the current Oyo State Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Ademola Babalola, to contest the union’s election. The News… January 14, 2020 In "News"