Oil extended gains in Asia Tuesday on signs of improving demand as coronavirus-hit major economies begin to ease strict curbs and as top producers slash output. US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for June delivery was up 7.26 per cent at $21.87 a barrel in morning trade. The contract ended about three per cent higher in New York overnight, rebounding from losses earlier in the day. International benchmark Brent crude for July delivery was changing hands at $28.25 a barrel, up 3.86 per cent. “Oil fundamentals are finally showing signs of improvement, and prices are reacting positively,” said AxiCorp global markets strategist Stephen Innes. “Supplies have started to decline quickly, with signs of demand improving even as major economies are in the nascent stages of reopening.” Oil markets have been in turmoil for weeks as the virus strangles demand due to business closures and travel restrictions, with US crude at one point falling into negative territory for the first time. Prices staged a massive rally last week, with WTI surging 25 per cent two days in a row as top producers started slashing output in line with a major deal, and on signs of improving demand. Economies from Asia to Europe have started easing restrictions as the virus crisis passes its peak, helping to boost crude demand. Meanwhile, a deal among top producers to reduce output by almost 10 million barrels a day came into effect last week. ANZ Bank said the market was lifted by “hopes that the worst is behind it following the devastating level of demand destruction due to COVID-19”. Energy data provider Genscape said stockpiles at the main US oil depot in Cushing, Oklahoma had increased by only 1.8 million barrels last week following weeks of major rises. ANZ, however, cautioned that “the market is still struggling to find a balance amid weak demand”. (AFP) The international oil benchmark, Brent crude, fell to $26 per barrel on Monday, as the demand collapse triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic has caused a massive oversupply in the global oil markets. The lockdowns imposed in many of the world’s major economies have sent crude demand tumbling. US oil prices… April 21, 2020 In "Business" Oil prices plunged further on Monday April 20, as storage space ran low for the glut of crude no longer needed by economies hard hit by Coronavirus. The price of crude oil fell to $11, crashing almost 40 percent in a market flooded with crude and slammed by evaporating demand… April 21, 2020 In "News" London - Oil price hit a 2019 high above 69 dollars a barrel on Tuesday on the prospect that more sanctions against Iran and further Venezuelan disruptions could deepen an OPEC-led supply cut, and as the market became less worried that demand may reduce. The United States is considering more… April 2, 2019 In "Business"