Media mogul, Dele Momodu, attained the age of 60 on Saturday, May 16, 2020, and though the rampaging coronavirus has put a hold on public gatherings and parties, he showed he is a showbiz impresario as he hosted a well attended virtual birthday party. The event which held from 1pm to 5pm was attended by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, a former Ghanaian President, John Mahama, Liberia’s Vice President, Jewel Taylor; Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Sen Dino Melaye, Tony Elumelu, Banky W, Sade Okoya, Larry Izamoje, Nduka Obaigbena, Chief Alex Duduyemi and Pastor Tunde Bakare, among others. There were also performances by top musicians including K1 de Ultimate and Sir Shina Peters. Some of the personalities also called in sharing their experiences with Momodu and how they met him. It was accolades upon accolades as the calls quickly showed that the host is a man of immense goodwill. Callers include Rotimi Amaechi, Rev- Mother Esther Ajayi, Segun Odegbami and Dame Abimbola Fashola. Momodu is the publisher of Ovation International Magazine and has garnered several decades of high society and celebrity reportage. He cut his teeth as a journalist at the late Chief MKO Abiola-owned African Concord magazine, and has gone on to build an impressive network of sources and confidantes. Thanking God for clocking 60, Momodu said one of the things he was most grateful for was the access he had to several people across all walks of life. His Ovation magazine has captured several superlative society events and bigwigs throw open the gates of their mansions to him. He also thanked all those who called him, sent him messages of goodwill and celebrated with him despite the coronavirus pandemic. Society Plus however gathered that some of Momodu’s friends had said they still wanted a party when public gatherings were allowed. Source Reno Omokri, a former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan and Popular medial mogul, Dele Momodu, has reacted to the death of Evelyn Murray-Bruce, wife of the former lawmaker representing Bayelsa East in the upper legislative chamber, Senator Ben Murray-Bruce. We had earlier reported that Evelyn was battling cancer before her… March 20, 2020 In "Metro" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday felicitated with journalist/publisher, Ayobamidele Abayomi Momodu, popularly known as Dele Momodu, on the occasion of his 60th birthday on May 16, 2020. The President, in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja,… May 15, 2020 In "Politics" By Olaniyi Adepegba The article with the above caption written by Chief Dele Momodu is a good study on the wilful capitulation of a typical Nigerian columnist fired by an instinct for survival. At a time Nigeria is battling with recession, writers too are developing means of staying afloat. It… November 25, 2016 In "Opinion"