In our previous article on May 8, 2020 titled ‘COVID-19 global politics: US and China in the Eye of the Storm (see https://sundiatapost.com/covid-19-global-politics-us-and-china-in-the-eye-of-the-storm-by-isaac-n-obasi/), we denounced the hostile reaction of the spokesman of the Chinese Embassy in Nigeria over the statement by Dr. Oby Ezekwezili that China should pay reparation to Africa for the incalculable damages its Wuhan-originated virus has done to African economies. As a former Vice President of the World Bank, (Africa Region), and also former Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Dr. Ezekwesili knew very well what she was demanding for, from the People’s Republic of China. In an angry tone, China absolved herself of all blames, saying that the demand by Dr. Ezekwesili for hundreds of billions of dollars in compensation, made no sense. In our view then, we said that China’s non-conciliatory approach in responding to Dr. Ezekwesili’s call was not helpful at all. We wondered how far China could go with such defensive and antagonistic approach. Consequently, we concluded that considering the incalculable human and economic damages that the COVID-19 has caused and continues to cause to humanity, China should be remorseful and conciliatory rather than aggressively defensive. China cannot run away completely from paying some ‘damages’, call it reparation, compensation, debt forgiveness, debt cancellation or debt rescheduling to poor African victims of COVID-19. Such a demand is legitimately advisable if China wants to retain her friendship with African leaders especially of the future who may be more nationalistically aggressive in asserting and protecting their interests. China can play its power politics on COVID-19 with the US, but for Africa, her tone should sound conciliatory. We are glad to report that China is now speaking in a conciliatory tone unlike what we heard when its official replied Dr. Ezekwesili. Just two days ago (Monday, 18 May 2020) at the Virtual Event of the 73rd World Health Assembly, Chinese President Xi Jinping struck the right chord. In his address at the Virtual Event’s Opening ceremony, His Excellency, President Xi Jinping, said to the joyful ears (we assume) of delegates that: We must provide greater support for Africa. Developing countries, African countries in particular, have weaker public health systems. Helping them build capacity must be our top priority in COVID-19 response. The world needs to provide more material, technological and personnel support for African countries. China has sent a tremendous amount of medical supplies and assistance to over 50 African countries and the African Union…At present, 46 resident Chinese medical teams are in Africa helping with COVID-19 containment efforts locally. (See full text of address in Beijing Review via: http://www.bjreview.com/Documents/202005/t20200518_800205038.html) Consequently, he finally announced inter alia that: China will provide US$2 billion over two years to help with COVID-19 response and with economic and social development in affected countries, especially developing countries. China will establish a cooperation mechanism for its hospitals to pair up with 30 African hospitals and accelerate the building of the Africa CDC headquarters to help the continent ramp up its disease preparedness and control capacity. COVID-19 vaccine development and deployment in China, when available, will be made a global public good. This will be China’s contribution to ensuring vaccine accessibility and affordability in developing countries. China will work with other G20 members to implement the Debt Service Suspension Initiative for the poorest countries. China is also ready to work with the international community to bolster support for the hardest-hit countries under the greatest strain of debt service, so that they could tide over the current difficulties. Again, President Xi Jinping made a very powerful incontrovertible statement to the Assembly when he said that solidarity and cooperation is our most powerful weapon for defeating the virus. It is also very instructive that the theme of President Xi’s address was appropriately titled:  Fighting COVID-19 Through Solidarity and Cooperation: Building a Global Community of Health for All, which we also think struck the right chord. It is against this background, that one wonders why the Chinese Embassy in Nigeria adopted such a belligerent (and if you like loud-mouthed) undiplomatic approach in responding to Dr. Oby Ezekwesili. One also wonders whether diplomats go out of their way to be overzealous in defending their countries even at the risk of contradicting the fundamental tenets of their foreign policies. Unless, President Xi had just changed his mind of late on his government’s aggressive attitude towards those who have been criticizing China since the outbreak of COVID-19, we are constrained to think that the Chinese Embassy was overzealously undiplomatic in the way it responded to Dr. Ezekwesili. Perhaps, one can understand the controversial political circumstances that Chinese diplomats find themselves against the often unwarranted serial nature of antagonism by President Donald Trump of the United States, as well as his global mobilisation of hostility against China. For example, since the outbreak of COVID-19, President Trump has seen any domestic problem related to the management of the virus as caused by China even when such is self-inflicted. Put differently, President Trump has been blaming China for every single thing that goes wrong with him in the US. The Democrats who have usually been the alibi for his palpable failures have had a little respite. In conclusion, it is our view that against the COVID-19 pandemic-induced problems of African nations, China’s conciliatory initiatives are welcome. This should however be deepened or expanded to include more China-specific debt-related relief outside the G20 members’ Debt Service Suspension Initiative. Prof. Isaac N. Obasi, a public policy expert (& former columnist in the Daily Trust, Abuja, March 2003 to October 2006, & Daily Champion, Lagos, April 2005 to December 2008), is of the Department of Public Administration, University of Abuja. Email: nnamdizik@gmail.com  •Chinese leader, Xi Jinping and US President Donald Trump Since the outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Wuhan, Hubei Province China on December 31, 2019 and its declaration as a pandemic by the World Health Organisation (WHO) on March 11, 2020, the world has never been the same again. Politically, COVID-19… May 8, 2020 In "Opinion" The Chinese Embassy in Nigeria has lashed out at Oby Ezekwesili, a former Minister of Education, for demanding compensation from China over the Coronavirus pandemic. Recall that Ezekwesili, had last month told in a post on 'The Washington Post' asked China to pay compensation to African countries over the Coronavirus… May 4, 2020 In "Politics" •Prof Isaac N. Obasi For politicians, particularly those in the reins of government, this era of COVID-19 pandemic is a very trying one. It is a time that a politician would wish that his opponents (and not himself and your party) are in power. Conversely, this is the time politicians… April 27, 2020 In "Opinion"