A former governor of Abia State, Dr. Orji Uzor Kalu has employed the services of 12 lawyers, including six Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SANs), to secure his release from prison. TheNation reported that Orji is serving a 12-year jail term at the Kuje Custodial Centre, Abuja for looting N7.65billion belonging to the Abia State Government. He has filed a motion on notice against the Federal Government at the Federal High Court in Lagos, seeking to set aside his trial and conviction of last December 5. A May 12, 2020 court process seen by The Nation lists his 12-man team of lawyers as: Prince Lateef Fagbemi SAN; Awa U. Kalu SAN; Chris Uche SAN; Dr. U. Olatoke, SAN; Chef H.O Alolabi, SAN; Sylvester Elema SAN; Ikoro N. A. Ikoro; Omosanya Popoola; C. Obidike; Nnamdi Awa Kalu; Vivien Udora and A S. Amire. In the motion, he argued that no legal basis exists for his continued incarceration because the Supreme Court on May 8 pronounced his trial a nullity and freed his co-defendant Jones Udeogu. Details shortly…. Source By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  Court of Appeal president, Justice Zainab Bulkachuwa, has directed that the alleged N2.9bn fraud case against former Governor of Abia State, Orji Kalu, must be concluded before the end of September.   The trial judge, Justice Mohammed Idris, made this known on Monday at… July 17, 2018 In "News" A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos on Monday further adjourned the trial of the embattled former Governor of Abia State and currently representing Abia North Senatorial district in the upper chamber of the National Assembly, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu to August 27, 2019. Justice Mohammed Idriss fixed the date… August 26, 2019 In "News" Abuja (Sundiata Post)  -   Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) on Friday closed its case against the former Governor of Abia, Orji Kalu and two others charged with N3.2 billion fraud.   The EFCC Prosecutor, Mr Rotimi Jacobs (SAN), announced closure of the prosecution’s case at the Federal High Court,… May 11, 2018 In "Top Stories"