Tokyo  – Japan’s Rakuten Inc on Friday said the launch of its 5G services planned for June has been delayed by three months due to disruption caused by the coronavirus outbreak. “Software testing by Rakuten’s Indian vendors has been impacted by a lockdown in place there since March 25,’’ a spokeswoman said. The delay is the latest setback for Rakuten, which was forced to push back the start of commercial services for its mobile network to April. Rakuten is trying to carve out a share of a market currently dominated by three competitors and drive traffic to its ecommerce and financial services. On Thursday, the firm reported growing operating losses at its mobile business. Chief Executive Hiroshi Mikitani has said the network cut costs by using cloud-based software instead of proprietary hardware. The carrier launched with aggressively low priced plans. However, it has fewer base stations than its competitors and numbers trailing incumbents, and Rakuten is paying KDDI Corp for roaming services. Rakuten has not disclosed how many user numbers it has garnered during the first few weeks since the launch, increasing uncertainty over its performance as the coronavirus halts economic activity across Japan. (Reuters/NAN) Mr Kings Adeyemi, NIEEE’s National Chairman, said in a statement on Friday in Lagos that the evolution of every stage from 1G to the 4G technologies came with speculations and fears that never happened. He stated that 5G technology had no link to COVID-19. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… April 17, 2020 In "News" (Reuters) - Japanese online retailer Rakuten Inc (4755.T) is buying U.S. eBook company OverDrive Inc for about $410 million, deepening its push into the U.S. market and into what it calls the "sharing economy." Rakuten's announcement on Thursday of the OverDrive deal comes a week after it led a $530… March 20, 2015 In "News" PARIS/FRANKFURT - One of France's largest banks launched a service on Tuesday to allow its customers to transfer money to other people via tweets on social network Twitter Inc. The move by Groupe BPCE, France's second largest bank by customers, is an effort to attract attention and users to its… October 15, 2014 In "News"