By Stanley Nwanosike  Enugu  –  The Enugu Commissioner of Police, Mr Ahmad Abdurrahman, has urged Muslim faithful to go about the Eid-el-Fitr celebration in the most responsible manner and in accordance with the physical restriction order. This is contained in a statement by the State’s Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe, issued on Sunday in Enugu. According to the statement, the commissioner had directed maximum deployment of the Command’s operational and intelligence resources. The police boss was quoted to have warned all Area Commanders, Divisional Police Officers and Heads of Tactical/Operational Departments to be dutiful and proactive to avert any intolerable security lapses. The commissioner assured residents of adequate security during and after the celebration and throughout the public holidays period. ”Following the successful completion of the Ramadan, culminating in the Eid-el-Fitr, the Police Command in Enugu wishes to congratulate Muslims in the state and wish them well as they join Muslim Ummah worldwide in the celebration. ”Consequently, the Commissioner of Police, Mr Ahmad Abdurrahman, entreats Muslims to go about the celebration in the most responsible manner. ”Abdurrahman call on them to adhere strictly to the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) COVID-19 pandemic preventive protocols and the containment/restriction orders of the Federal and State Governments. ”Let me remind residents that apart from recent guidelines for partial reopening of Ogbete Main Market and stipulated operational time for designated foods, pharmaceuticals and other daily essential needs markets, other containment/restriction orders of governments remain in force and must be complied with, till further notice,’’ the statement read. The police boss urged residents to remain vigilant and promptly report suspected criminals and acts of criminality to the nearest police station or by call the Command’s hotlines on: 08032003702, 08075390883, 08086671202 or 08098880172. (NAN) Eid-el-Fitr: IG Orders Massive Deployment Of Police Personnel Nationwide June 23, 2017 In "Top Stories" Eid el-Fitr: FCT CP Orders Tight Security At Prayer Grounds, Parks June 21, 2017 In "News" Abuja,- The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Solomon Arase, has ordered commissioners of police in states across the country to provide tight security to places of worship during the Eid el-Fitr festivities. This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Wednesday by the Force Public Relations Officer, Mr Emmanuel… July 15, 2015 In "News"