There was drama on Thursday after a virtual meeting involving South African lawmakers was interrupted by hackers who flooded the video call with pornographic images. According to Times Live, the meeting, via Zoom, an online video service, which started around 9am had barely lasted a minute when the pornographic images popped up on the screen of members of the parliament’s programming committee. The hackers were also said to have hurled racial and sexual words at Thandi Modise, speaker of the parliament, who was chairing the meeting. More of the images and sexually offensive videos were said to have appeared on the screen, forcing the meeting to a halt after about four and a half minutes. The ugly incident was said to have occurred about the same time when Natasha Mazzone, chief whip of Democratic Alliance (DA), the country’s opposition party, at the parliament, was discussing the modalities for holding virtual meetings. The development had taken Modise, who had earlier expressed reservations about the parliament holding its meeting via Zoom, aback. “This is exactly what I said about Zoom!,” she was quoted to have said. The meeting was said to have restarted few minutes later with another Zoom link. The development comes amid rising insecurity concerns over the use of Zoom for meetings by organisations and government institutions. With the coronavirus pandemic, which has fizzled physical gatherings, several businesses and government agencies have turned to video call platforms for virtual meetings. Source By Connor Sephton, news reporter Teachers have been stopped from using Zoom, the video conferencing app in Singapore following a series of "very serious incidents".The video conferencing app has exploded in popularity as a result of the coronavirus. One incident reportedly saw hackers hijack the livestream of a geography lesson… April 10, 2020 In "Technology" Cape Town -   The South African Government on Thursday reiterated its commitment to a responsible land reform approach to the best interests of everyone. The government respects the rule of law and will, at all times, act in accordance with the constitution, Acting Cabinet spokesperson, Phumla Williams, said after… November 22, 2018 In "Foreign" CAPE TOWN - Cyril Ramaphosa, South Africa's Deputy President, has been protected from answering a question on Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir’s controversial visit to South Africa for the African Union Summit. Thandi Modise, National Council of Provinces Chairperson, on Wednesday in Cape Town, ruled that the matter was before the… June 17, 2015 In "News"