The World Health Organisation (WHO) says it has met with 70 traditional medicine experts in a bid to find a cure for the COVID-19 pandemic. This was disclosed on Tuesday by WHO Afro Region via its official Twitter handle @WHOAFRO. The health organisation said an agreement was reached with the herbal medicine experts on clinical trials of their remedies. “70 traditional medicine experts from countries across #Africa held a virtual meeting with @WHO on the role of traditional medicine in the #COVID19 response. “They unanimously agreed that clinical trials must be conducted for all medicines in the Region, without exception,” @WHOAFRO tweeted. This meeting is coming a day after Madagascar President Andry Rajoelina batted away criticism for promoting a homegrown “remedy” for COVID-19, charging that the West has a condescending attitude toward traditional African medicine. “If it wasn’t Madagascar, and if it was a European country that had actually discovered this remedy, would there be so much doubt? I don’t think so,” Madagascar’s President told French media in an interview on Monday. Madagascar President Andry Rajoelina on Monday batted away criticism for promoting a homegrown “remedy” for COVID-19, charging that the West has a condescending attitude toward traditional African medicine. “If it wasn’t Madagascar, and if it was a European country that had actually discovered this remedy, would there be so much… May 11, 2020 In "News" The ECOWAS Commission has dismissed reports that its health institution, West Africa Health Organisation had ordered medicine developed by the Malagasy Institute of Applied Research, Madagascar, for COVID-19 treatment. The regional body said it was aware that several claims of COVID-19 cures had been made in different parts of the… May 7, 2020 In "News" By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - The House of Representatives during its plenary on Tuesday gave a standing ovation in honour of nurses and other frontline health workers in the fight against COVID-19, to mark the International Nurses Day 2020. The lawmakers, led by its Speaker, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, stood up… May 12, 2020 In "Health"