Tokyo  –  The sudden death of Hana Kimura, a 22-year-old professional wrestler and a cast member in the popular Netflix reality show, “Terrace House,” has shocked fans. The incident had also raised concerns over cyber-bullying after reports indicated that she was harassed on social media. Kimura was one of six residents in the most recent season of Terrace House, an internationally popular show that follows the lives of young men and women living together. Filming of the show was suspended in April due to the coronavirus. Stardom, a pro wrestling organisation that Kimura was affiliated with, confirmed her death in a statement posted on Twitter on Saturday, adding that details remained unclear. Kimura was a fan favourite on the show, with her signature pink hair and shy personality contrasting with her persona in the wrestling ring. Fans flocked to Twitter after reports of her death, applauding Kimura’s work on the Netflix show. “I’m sorry Hana that this world was cruel to you and that you could not find your peace,” one user wrote. Celebrities also weighed in on the topic of online harassment after since-deleted social media posts from Kimura mentioned how she was affected by a torrent of negative opinions from strangers online. Yukio Hatoyama, Japan’s former prime minister, also posted about Kimura’s death on Twitter, saying Japan should consider penalties for those who target individuals for severe online harassment. (Reuters/NAN) Popular wrestler, Adrian McCallum has died at a young age after dropping a final haunting message on Twitter.  Adrian British wrestler, Lionheart has died at 36 - hours after posting a haunting message online. The world heavyweight champion said: "One day you will eat your last meal, you will hug your friend for… June 20, 2019 In "Entertainment" Big brother Naija star, Natacha Akide, popularly known as Tacha, has reached out to her fellow reality star, Mercy Eke. This is coming after they both signed an endorsement deal with same company recently. Mercy shared her good news about the endorsement on Twitter and Tacha replied her writing; “wherever… May 8, 2020 In "Entertainment" Los Angeles - Suicides by young Americans rose by nearly a third in the month, following the 2017 debut of popular Netflix television drama series “13 Reasons Why,” in which a teenage girl kills herself, a U.S. study showed on Monday. The researchers said the study had limitations and they… April 30, 2019 In "Entertainment"