Nigeria has reduced the number of tests conducted on persons infected with coronavirus (COVID-19) before they are certified to have recovered from the disease. The Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, disclosed this to Channels Television on Thursday. While responding to some questions during an interview on Sunrise Daily, he explains that recovered COVID-19 patients are now discharged from the isolation centres after their first negative test. “So, the discharge criterion at the moment is a single negative test in Nigeria,” the NCDC boss disclosed. He added, “We used to do two negative tests – 48 hours apart – but because of challenges of bed space capacity, we reduced that to a single negative test then discharge the patient to another one week of home isolation … that’s the policy at the moment.” Duration of hospitalisation Dr Ihekweazu reacted to the allegations that the NCDC has refused to release some patients from its isolation facility after they recovered from the disease. He also faulted the claims that he directed that COVID-19 patients should not be taken to isolation centres if they do not show symptoms of the disease. According to the NCDC boss, the agency does not manage any patient but support clinicians in various states with guidelines. He stressed that the decisions on the management of COVID-19 cases were left for the state authorities to take. On how long infected patients stay at isolation centres, Dr Ihekweazu said, “The average duration of hospitalisation that we have found has been 10 to 11 days, although some have said that they have been discharged on the fourth day (a few people). “There are also extremes that have stayed over 30 days; I think the longest that has been discharged in our record right now is about 38 days.” “We have patients that have stayed longer than that and that number will change once they are discharged. The average duration of hospitalisation is 11 days to be precise,” he added. (Channels TV) By Nefishetu Yakubu Benin - Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo on Friday announced the discharge of five COVID-19 patients in the state. Obaseki, who announced this via his twitter handle said the five patients were fully recovered having tested negative twice. The governor said, “I am pleased to announce that… April 17, 2020 In "Health" •Dr Chikwe ihekweazu ABUJA - Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu believes every state in Nigeria will have its share of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) Director-General stated this during his appearance on Channels Television’s breakfast programme, Sunrise Daily. He stressed that the Nigerian government was making… April 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, NCDC DG ABUJA - The Director-General of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday made an outcry about inadequate bed spaces to accommodate COVID-19 patients in isolation centres. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu said Lagos State is the worst hit by this challenge of inadequate bed spaces although… April 30, 2020 In "News"