CycloneNew Delhi   –   Authorities in India and Bangladesh evacuated hundreds of thousands of people, on Tuesday, as a powerful cyclone over the Bay of Bengal moves towards the countries’ coastal areas.Cyclone Amphan is forecast to make landfall between West Bengal and Bangladesh on Wednesday afternoon. Meteorologists are warning of large-scale damage from strong winds, tidal waves, heavy rains and flooding, including in the densely populated city of Kolkata. On landfall, the “very severe” cyclone could reach speeds of between 155 and 160 kilometres per hour (kph) with gusts of up to 185 kph, according to Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) Head, Mrutyunjay Mohapatra. In Bangladesh, 12,000 centres had been opened to shelter 2.2 million people as Amphan was only 665 kilometres away from the southern Payra maritime port, State Minister for Disaster Management, Enamur Rahman, said. The large numbers of shelters were to ensure sufficient distance between people in light of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus. School and government buildings would also be used to temporarily accommodate the evacuees. In India’s West Bengal, around 300,000 people were evacuated to relief shelters from three coastal districts, State Chief Minister, Mamata Banerjee, said, adding that authorities were on high alert and had made all necessary precautionary arrangements. In Odisha, more than 30,000 people were evacuated, according to the state’s disaster control room. Up to 100,000 could be moved by Wednesday morning. With speeds of up to 240 kph, Amphan was classed as a super cyclone, only the second to form in the region in two decades before it started losing intensity on Tuesday, the IMD said. Low-lying coastal areas and offshore islands may experience water surge of up to three metres above the normal tide. The storm is likely to cause extensive damage to standing crops, plantations and orchards, uproot trees and topple power and communication lines, it said. Authorities in Odisha and West Bengal had already suspended rail and road traffic and warned fishermen to stay off the coasts. Amphan hits India as lockdown restrictions remain in place to stem the spread of coronavirus, presenting a “dual challenge”, said SN Pradhan, Head of the National Disaster Response Force. Forty teams or 2,000 NDRF staff had been deployed to deal with the emergency situation, Pradhan said. He added that Amphan is a “second disaster coming amid the COVID-19 pandemic’’ that needed continuous monitoring. Footage on television channels showed police and disaster management officials urging locals to evacuate areas while urging them to wear masks and ensure physical distancing in shelters. NDRF officials said they were wearing protective gear and said masks and sanitisers were being supplied to the evacuees. Cyclones often form over the Bay of Bengal between April and November, bringing widespread destruction and flooding to Indian and Bangladeshi coastal areas. In 1999, a super cyclone hit Odisha, claiming 10,000 lives and leaving 15 million homeless. (dpa/NAN) Dhaka - Bangladesh has begun evacuating 2.5 million people as the extremely dangerous cyclone Fani is closing on the southern coast of the country. According to a met office bulletin on Friday, after hitting the Puri coast in India’s Odisha, the cyclone is now staying at 605 km southwest of… May 3, 2019 In "Foreign" MORONI - Violent winds of up to 140 kph (87 mph) lashed the East African island nation of Comoros overnight, killing three people, authorities said on Thursday, as Cyclone Kenneth swept towards flood-battered Mozambique. Tropical Cyclone Kenneth approaches the coast of Mozambique in this April 25, 2019 handout satellite image.… April 25, 2019 In "Foreign" By Abraham Jonah Managing Editor – Middle East Following the recent Cyclone IDAI which made landfall in East & Southern Africa causing widespread destruction and loss of human lives in parts of Africa, India has decided to assist Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Malawi. In response to a request from the Republic… April 6, 2019 In "Foreign"