By Nathan Nwakamma  Yenagoa –  The Bayelsa government has approved the distribution of 10,000 face masks to vulnerable residents across the state. Mr Freston Akpo, the Permananet Secretary in the Bayelsa Ministry of Information, said in a statement on Thursday in Yenagoa that Gov. Douye Diri approved the distribution of the masks. Akpo, a member of the COVID-19 Task Force in Bayelsa, said the distribution of the cloth face masks was part of efforts by the taskforce to curtail the spread of the virus in the state. According to him, the distribution of the 10,000 face masks is the first stage in a phased exercise targetted at vulnerable persons in the state He said the taskforce had earlier emphasised the compulsory use of face masks in public places in the state and the observance of all other protocols on COVID- 19. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Dr Inodu Akpoku, the Chairman of the taskforce, said the state had so far recorded six confirmed cases. NAN also reports that the index case, a 49-year-old mother and two members of her family, who had recovered were subsequently discharged leaving the state with three active cases. Meanwhile, the state government has imposed a total lockdown of the state’s borders, except for vehicles transporting food, drugs and personnel on essential duties. The 8.pm to 6.am curfew imposed by the Federal Government is also in place in the state. (NAN) By George Odok Calabar - The Cross River Government on Friday said it was ready to distribute food items to 44,000 vulnerable households in the state to cushion effects of the “stay at home” order over the COVID-19.The state Chairman of COVID-19 Taskforce, Dr Betta Edu, said this at an… April 3, 2020 In "News" By Nathan Nwakamma Yenagoa - The member representing Kolokuma-Opokuma constituency 2 in the Bayelsa House of Assembly, Mr Wisdom Fafi, on Friday presented sets of protective kits and palliatives to journalists. Fafi presented packets of face masks, sanitisers, soap and other personal protection equipment to journalists in Yenagoa. He said… April 17, 2020 In "News" By Shedrack Frank Yenagoa - The Bayelsa State Taskforce on COVID-19 on Monday said that the 140 blood samples sent to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) approved laboratory in Edo, have all tested negative. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the Co-Chairman of the state’s Taskforce… April 20, 2020 In "News"