Operatives of the Inspector General Police (IG) Monitoring Unit have explained why they arrested popular cross dresser, Idris Okuneye alias Bobrisky. Recall that we reported that Okuneye was arrested around Lekki by a team of policemen from Abuja. Details of why he was arrested have now been revealed by police who said he was arrested over alleged money issues with another female. The Nation reports that this arrest is coming months after the crossdresser was detained by the police over disagreement with an Abuja-based public official. The controversial cross dresser recently had an altercation with a Nigerian woman in diaspora over sales and sponsorship for artificial eyelash brand. It was gathered the policemen first took Bobrisky to a police station on the island where he was allegedly detained for a while and later granted bail. Confirming his arrest, police spokesman DCP Frank Mba said a woman petitioned the police alleging the crossdresser of N30m fraud. “Yes, Bobrisky was arrested in the early hours of today following a petition by a Nigerian woman that the crossdresser collected N30m from her for sales but did not keep to the end of the deal. “Bobrisky was granted bail but the case is still an active one. It is a case under investigation,” he confirmed. Source This is a look into the life of Bobrisky, one of the most controversial Nigerians on social media at the moment.  Bobrisky’s story is not easy to tell. The first problem is deciding what pronoun to use. By the circumstances of his birth, ‘he’ is the right pronoun, but by… September 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" According to reports by anonymous Instagram gossip logger, Gist lover, popular Nigerian cross dresser, Idris Okuneye Olorunwaje, also known as Bobrisky has been arrested by the police, again. Gist Lover alleged that Bobrisky was detained at Ajah Area command In the video shared online, Bobrisky’s famous white Range Rover was… May 28, 2020 In "Entertainment" Crossdresser, Idris Okuneye aka Bobrisky has reacted to the who declared that that he would be struck with an incurable sickness if he doesn’t desist from his evil ways.  Bob insisted that he doesn’t kill, neither does he steal from anyone and for that, all her curses would return to her. He… November 27, 2019 In "Entertainment"