Los Angeles  –  California on Monday will roll out guidelines for the resumption of production of Hollywood movies and TV shows, but Governor Gavin Newsom warned that Los Angeles County would likely be excluded in the first phase. Newsom told a film and TV industry roundtable on Wednesday that the guidelines would “allow counties that are in better condition than some of the others, to be able to move forward and … allow some movement in your industry.” Movie and television sets shut down in mid-March due to the coronavirus epidemic. Because of the challenges of social distancing on sets, Hollywood is expected to be among the last industries to come back. Newsom said Los Angeles County – the home of major movie studios and television networks – would likely “be a few weeks behind potentially everybody else” before it can meet California’s criteria on testing, deaths and hospitalisations that would allow production to restart. Ted Sarandos, chief content officer for Netflix (NFLX.O), said the streaming platform had resumed filming in countries like South Korea, Iceland and Sweden, where strict testing and contact tracing was underway. Netflix was paying crews on all of its shut down shows, resulting in “150 million dollars plus” commitment, Sarandos told the livestreamed event. In the United States, filmmaker Tyler Perry is expected to be the first to get going with plans to shoot two television series at his vast studio compound in Atlanta, Georgia in July. The timeline is much longer elsewhere. Actor Jon Huertas, who plays Miguel Rivas on the NBC series “This Is Us,” said on Wednesday that the show may not resume production until January. “Selma” director Ava DuVernay, said everyone in the industry was anxious to get back to work. “But she added: “It is hyper vigilance around this, and a real desire to get it right so that we don’t kind of take two steps back.” (Reuters/NAN) By emmanuel.yashim Los Angeles - Authorities in Los Angeles are warning against a weekend rush to beaches and hiking trails, which remain closed during the coronavirus pandemic, despite surging temperatures. Southern California is due to see its first weekend of high heat this weekend, with temperatures forecast to top 33… April 25, 2020 In "News" BY LIANA B. BAKER AND MALATHI NAYAK LOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO - Comcast Corp may soon allow customers using its cloud-connected X1 cable box system to buy games from Electronic Arts Inc through their televisions, according to five sources briefed on the plans. Such a partnership would come as the cable… May 3, 2014 In "News" By Prudence Arobani   New York    -     Nollywood films – 93 DAYS, THE BRIDGE and ISOKEN – would showcase in Hollywood, California, starting on Friday, in what would be the first collaboration between Nollywood and Hollywood. This is the first time that the foremost film programme in the world and… March 22, 2018 In "Entertainment"