…urges Adherence to Physical Distancing Rules By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Corps Marshal of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Dr Boboye Oyeyemi has congratulated Muslim Ummah on the successful completion of the spiritual exercise  and called for the sustenance of the positive lessons of the Ramadan fast. He therefore reminded that acts of denial; selfless service and love which were practiced in the holy month are central to the success of the safer road campaign by the FRSC, nothing that wanton destruction of lives and property on the nation’s highways resulting from people’s impatience would been avoided, if people properly imbibe the lessons of the Ramadan fast. Boboye who disclosed this on Saturday in a statement signed by the Corps Public Education Officer, Bisi Kazeem, also expressed satisfaction with people’s conduct throughout the period of the holy month particularly, with regards to the observance of the lockdown orders by the Federal Government; temporal closure of worship centres and adherence to social distancing rules to avoid the spread of COVID-19. He therefore admonished the Muslims as well as members of the general public not to jettison the rules in the course of the celebration, but to continue to observe them in order to build on the gains so far made in the fight against the spread of the infectious disease. The statement reads in part: “As the Muslim Ummah end the Ramadan fast following the formal declaration of the Eid el fitri celebration by the President General of the Nigerian Supreme Council For Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), His Eminence, Alhaji Saad Abubakar 11, the Corps Marshal of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Dr Boboye Oyeyemi has sent his congratulatory message on the successful completion of the spiritual exercise. In his Eid el fitri message, Oyeyemi preaches love for one another, peaceful coexistence and care for the less privileged members of the society, saying these are the values of the Ramadan fast which people must imbibe beyond the Sallah celebrations.” He called on Muslims to use the Eid el fitri celebration to offer special prayers for Allah’s intervention against the coronavirus which is traumatising the entire humanity. The FRSC Boss also restated the commitment of the Corps to sustaining its present collaboration with other security agencies towards effective enforcement of the restriction orders using the instrumentalities of Mobile Courts and strict observance of the social distancing rules. According to him, “This year’s Eid el fitri is coming at a very challenging period when the entire humanity is grappling with the challenges caused by lockdown, restriction of movement and social distancing rules in the face of the global pandemic caused by coronavirus. Every citizen must, therefore, support the measures put in place by the Federal Government to contain the spread of the disease,” the Corps Marshal stated. Oyeyemi further reassured members of the public that despite the lockdown and restriction of movement across the States of the federation, FRSC personnel have always been active in working with other security agencies to ensure compliance with the rules while the Corps’ essential offices have remained open to respond to road and other emergencies. He disclosed that Commanding Officers across the country have been given directives to be on the alert during the Sallah celebration to provide all necessary support to members of the public and to particularly attend to whatever emergencies that may arise. He called on members of the public to join the FRSC in its ongoing campaigns for safer road environment by promptly reporting any road and other emergencies they notice to the FRSC Call Centre through the toll free line: 122 or directly to the studio of the National Traffic Radio through the telephone lines:08052998090 or 09067000015. “I wish all the Muslim Ummah Allah’s abundant rewards for the Ramadan fast, and on this occasion of the Eid el fitri celebration, I pray for peaceful celebration to all,” Corps Marshal Oyeyemi stated. By Naomi Sharang Abuja - Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Mr Boboye Oyeyemi has urged motorists to be safety-conscious during the Sallah celebration. FRSC Public Education Officer, Mr Bisi Kazeem, in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday said that the Corps Marshal made the call in his Sallah… June 4, 2019 In "News" Abuja- Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), has called on motorists not to violate traffic rules in the spirit of Sallah celebration. Oyeyemi made the appeal in a statement signed by his Media Assistant, Superintendent Route Commander Sani Abdullahi, and made available to the News Agency… July 17, 2015 In "News" By Kazeem Akande/Augusta Uchediunor   Lagos   -     Mr Boboye Oyeyemi, Corps Marshal, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), says the corps will recruit additional 4,650 officers and procure new logistics vehicles to improve road safety management in the country. Oyeyemi disclosed this in an interview with the News… July 8, 2018 In "Metro"