An 18-year-old wife, Salman Hassan, from Itas Gadau Local Government Area of Bauchi State, has been arrested by the Bauchi Police Command for allegedly stabbing her husband, Mohammed Mustapha to death while trying to have sex with her, The Nation reports. Hassan, while being paraded at the Police Command headquarters, Bauchi, the state capital on Thursday said she stabbed her husband on the chest because he insisted on sleeping with her on the fateful night. In her confessional statement at the Police Headquarters, she said “I did not really mean to kill my husband, it was an accident. I stabbed him on the chest because he wanted to have carnal knowledge of me. I felt sex was a bad thing, so I objected to his advances.” ”I regret killing my husband I only meant to use the knife to scare him away. I don’t know what will happen to me now” She added. Hassan who said she really love her husband said she got angry and stabbed Mustapha with a knife when he refused to stop. The State Commissioner of Police, Phillip Maku, while addressing newsmen said that, Salma committed the crime on April 24 2020. He disclosed that one Hauna Musa reported at the Itas-Gadau Police Division after which she was arrested. Maku said that Mustapha sustained serious injury and was rushed to the General Hospital, Itas-Gadau for treatment where he was certified dead. Source A teacher, Abimbola Olamide, has been arrested by policemen from the Lagos State Police Command for allegedly stabbing her husband, Dare Akinbobola, to death at their residence in the Ikorodu area of Lagos State. It was gathered that there was an argument between the couple on Wednesday, which degenerated into… June 1, 2018 In "Metro" A 24-year old housewife, Mrs. Chinaza Oparah, has turned herself to widow and now facing charge for murder for stabbing her 27-year old husband, Obinna, to death during a scuffle in Lagos. PM Express reports that the incident happened at No. 34 Owodeni Street, Amukoko area of Lagos, where they… December 10, 2019 In "Metro" A 30-year-old housewife, Mrs Janet Jegede has been arrested by the Ekiti Police Command for allegedly stabbing her husband, Jegede, to death at their house on Alafiatayo, zone 1, Bamgboye area of Ado Ekiti, the state capital. The Nation gathered that the wife who was said to be a professional… November 21, 2019 In "Metro"