The Senate has called for the de-centralization of the Nigeria Police Force and the introduction of community policing as a way of addressing the country’s problem of insecurity on Tuesday. This was the recommendations of the Senate Ad-hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges which was considered and approved during plenary on Tuesday Recall that the upper chamber had set up an Ad-hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges on January 29, 2020, under the Chairmanship of the Senate Leader, Senator Yahaya Abdullahi. The Senate Spokesman, Senator Ajibola Basiru (Osun Central), said in a statement in Abuja that the committee, in its report, made wide ranging recommendations which were also approved by the upper chamber. The Senate urged the executive to direct the Ministry of Police Affairs and the Inspector General of Police to “decentralize the police command structure with operational and budgetary powers” vested in the zonal commands. The Senate also urged the Federal Government to set up Zonal Security Advisory Committees at each Zonal Command to advise on the security challenges facing each zone. The composition of the Zonal Advisory Council as proposed by the upper chamber include; Governors in the Zone; Zonal AIG of Police; State Commissioners of Police in the Zone; State Directors of the Department of State Security Service; Zonal Immigration Officers; Zonal Customs Officers; and Representative of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps in the Zone. Others are: Representative of the Nigeria Correctional Service in the Zone; Chairmen of State Traditional Rulers Council in the Zone; Faith-based Leaders in the Zone; Civil Society Representatives in the Zone; Representative of Senators from the Zone; Representative of Members of House of Representatives from the Zone; Representatives of Business Community and Labour in the Zone; and any Person or persons deemed to be useful and relevant, taking into account the socio-cultural peculiarities of the zone. Recommendations were also made for the expansion of the State Security Council and constitution of Area Command, Local Government and Ward Level Advisory Councils. The Senate, accordingly, urged the Federal Government to direct the Ministry of Police affairs and the Inspector General of Police to immediately implement the Community Policing Strategy involving local stakeholders at the grassroots, and traditional rulers with a view to addressing local security challenges. The upper chamber while urging the state assemblies to make necessary laws to legalize community policing to be established at the Local Government level, called on State Governors to fund community policing from grants appropriated to each Local Government. Source The Senate in Tuesday called for the de-centralization of the Nigeria Police Force and the introduction of community policing as a way of addressing the country’s problem of insecurity. This formed part of the recommendations of the Senate Ad-hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges which was considered and approved during… May 5, 2020 In "News" By Naomi Sharang Abuja - The Senate has urged the Chief of Army Staff to re-establish a military command base in Garkida, Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa and all major settlements bordering Sambisa forest to curtail the activities of insurgents. The resolution was sequel to a motion moved by… February 25, 2020 In "Politics" By Abiemwense Moru Abuja -   The House of Representatives on Tuesday endorsed the recommendations of a joint ad hoc committee of the National Assembly, which recommended the immediate suspension of Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege for 180 legislative days. The joint committee was constituted to investigate the invasion of the Senate… July 10, 2018 In "Politics"