Russian President Vladimir Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov on Tuesday said he tested positive for the coronavirus and was receiving treatment in hospital, news agencies reported. “I am ill. I’m being treated,” Peskov was quoted as saying by Russian news agencies TASS and Interfax, which specified he had COVID-19. Peskov is the fourth senior government official to have fallen ill, after Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin, Culture Minister Olga Lyubimova and Construction Minister Vladimir Yakushev said they tested positive for the coronavirus. None were reported to be in a serious condition, with only Mishustin in hospital who was still holding some meetings by video link. Peskov told TASS news agency that he was last in direct contact with Putin “over a month ago.” The Russian leader has been staying at his residence outside Moscow for several weeks and is carrying out meetings and speeches via video link. Peskov, 52, has served as Putin’s spokesman since 2000. He has not held his usual daily telephone briefings with reporters since May 6. Putin on Monday announced that a strict national lockdown would be eased starting Tuesday, even though the country’s rate of new infections shows no sign of slowing. Russia reported 10,899 new coronavirus cases on Tuesday and a total of 232,243 infections. The country has the world’s second-highest number of infections, according to an AFP tally. (Punch) •Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin has tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19). Mishustin on Thursday informed President Vladimir Putin that he had been diagnosed with the new coronavirus and will be temporarily stepping down to recover. Mishustin, 54, suggested that First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Belousov… April 30, 2020 In "Foreign" Vladimir Putin, president of Russia, says he would work remotely after shaking hands with a doctor who tested positive for the coronavirus. Denis Protsenko, who heads the country’s main coronavirus hospital said he tested positive for the disease, but that he feels well. “I have tested positive, But I feel… April 1, 2020 In "News" Moscow - Russia is closing restaurants nationwide for a nine-day period starting on Saturday to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, as the reported number of cases in the country surpassed 1,000. Restaurants will still be able to provide delivery services during that time, according to the decree by Prime… March 27, 2020 In "Foreign"