ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The Nigerian Military on Saturday said it has killed at least 135 armed bandits during air-raids across Katsina and Zamfara states. According to a statement signed by a military spokesman, Major General, John Enenche, the air raids, executed by the air component of Operation Hadarin Daji, took place between May 20 and 22. The military said it also neutralised bandit camps. Nigeria has, in recent years, witnessed a rise in banditry across the country, including in the north-western states of Zamfara and Katsina. The military said its air-raids, which are conducted based on credible intelligence reports, are intended to rid the north-west of the armed bandits. Read the military full’s statement below: AIR COMPONENT DECIMATES ARMED BANDITS CAMPS, KILLS 135 OF THEM IN AIR RAIDS CONDUCTED IN KATSINA AND ZAMFARA STATES 1. As part of the renewed offensive to rid the North West of the Country of armed bandits and other criminal elements, the Air Component of Operation HADARIN DAJI has decimated several camps and neutralized no fewer than 135 armed bandits in massive air raids executed at several locations in Katsina and Zamfara States between 20 and 22 May 2020. The air strikes were undertaken sequel to credible Human Intelligence (HUMINT) reports as well as series of Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) missions that led to the identification of the camps, which include Abu Radde Camps 1 and 2 and Dunya in Jibia and DanMusa Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Katsina State as well as Hassan Tagwaye’s Camp; Alhaji Auta’s Camp and Maikomi in Birnin Magaji and Zurmi LGAs of Zamfara State. 2. The air interdiction missions were painstakingly undertaken by the Air Component as it dispatched its attack aircraft to the locations in multiple bombing runs, some of which were executed simultaneously. At the Abu Radde Camps on 20 May 2020, a set of huts housing one of the notorious bandit leaders was taken out by air strikes with scores of the bandits killed and few seen fleeing with gunshot wounds towards the Dumburum Forest. Similar air raids were executed at Hassan Tagwaye’s and Alhaji Auta’s Camps as well as at Maikomi with equally devastating effects. HUMINT reports later confirmed that no fewer than 135 bandits were neutralized by the series of air strikes at the various locations. 3.     The Chief of the Air Staff (CAS) commends the Air Component of Operation HADARIN DAJI for their professionalism and directs them to remain resolute, in order to achieve the directives of the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS)to restore normalcy to all parts of Nigeria. 4.     You are please requested to disseminate this information, along with the attached declassified short video clip of the attack on Abu Radde’s Camps, through your medium for the awareness of the general public. Thank you for your usual support and cooperation. JOHN ENENCHEMajor GeneralCoordinatorDefence Media OperationsDefence Headquarters23 May 2020 The Zamfara State Council of Chiefs yesterday took up the challenge thrown at it by the Nigeria Air Force and released the names of eleven innocent civilians that it said were killed by a NAF fighter jet and a helicopter gunship which launched airstrikes on a rural community. It named… April 18, 2019 In "News" By Doris Esa Abuja - The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) on Thursday said it had set up a panel to investigate alleged killing of some civilians in Zamfara during raids on bandits camps. NAF Director of Public Relations and Information, Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, disclosed this at a news conference… April 19, 2019 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The troops of 1 Division Nigerian Army in conjunction with other security agencies within the last one week have recorded tremendous success in the fight against cattle rustling, armed banditry and criminality particularly in the north west under the auspices of Operation Sharan Daji. To this… March 29, 2016 In "Top Stories"