An extremely rare two-headed snake has baffled animal experts after it was found by a wildlife enthusiast in an eastern India forest. The reptile was newly born and has been identified as a Wolf Snake, which is a non-venomous species. Video footage shows the snake struggling to navigate its way across the floor under the control of two independent heads. The serpent was discovered in the Dhenkikot forest range of Keonjhar wildlife sanctuary in Odisha State by Rakesh Mohalick. Experts examining the snake say that it is 14cm long and has two fully formed heads, with four working eyes and two flickering tongues. Both its heads work independently of each other, and this becomes a challenge for such creatures to survive in the wild. Keen wildlife enthusiast and photographer Rakesh, who researches various species and identified the Wolf snake, said that this means the animal ends up competing with itself. ‘One among the two heads is slightly more developed and both are known to fight over food,’ Rakesh added. Two-headed animals are considered in many cultures to be a portent of disaster, and they have frequently appeared in mythology. But although they are rare, they exist in around one in 100,000 live births in the wild. After being identified, the rare snake was released back into the wild. Source As the world struggles to fight the spread of covid-19 in humans, researchers studying bats in Myanmar have discovered six new types of coronavirus. This is the first time these viruses have been discovered and the team, from the Smithsonian’s Global Health Program, say they aren’t closely related to covid-19… April 15, 2020 In "News" Guangzhou    -      A Court in South China’s Guangdong Province on Thursday sentenced a village to one year in prison for capturing and killing a rare two-meter-long snake. The man surnamed Wu captured the 10-kg python in a rural area of Fengkai County with the help of another… May 24, 2018 In "Foreign" Canberra   -      Australian Scientists have discovered a new species of venomous snake in far-north Queensland, but fear the reptile may already be in danger of extinction due to mining. The newest member of the Bandy Bandy snake family, named Vermicella Parscauda, has been found in Weipa, a mining town on… July 17, 2018 In "Foreign"