By Abbas Bamalli  Kano  –  The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN),Kano chapter, has commiserated with the Management of Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) over the death of its immediate past Group Managing Director, Dr Maikanti Baru. The association also condoled with the family of Dr Baru over his demise. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Baru died after a brief illness and had since been buried according to Islamic rights. The condolence message was announced by the association’s Chairman, Alhaji Bashir Danmallam, during a news briefing on Sunday in Kano. Danmallam also condoled with the Group Managing Director (GMD) of the NNPC, Mallam Mele Kyari, over the demise of his predecessor, Baru. He described the late Baru as a consummate technocrat who served the NNPC and the country with dedication and fear of God. He said that Baru’s absence would be greatly missed by his family, the NNPC and Nigeria. The chairman prayed Almighty Allah to forgive his shortcomings and grant his family the fortitude to bear the loss. (NAN) By Yunus Yusuf Lagos -  The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) on Wednesday urged the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to intensify the distribution of petroleum products to Western depots, to address shortage in the hinterlands. Alhaji Debo Ahmed, Chairman, IPMAN Western Zone, made the appeal in an… March 14, 2018 In "Business" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State on Sunday expressed grief over the death of Dr Maikanti Baru,the immediate past Group Managing Director of the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). Okowa, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary Olise Ifeajika, described the late Baru as… May 31, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja -  The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has solicited the support of Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) to ensure efficient distribution of petroleum products nationwide. This is contained in a statement signed by Alhaji Garba Deen Muhammad, NNPC Group General Manager, Public Affairs Division, on Thursday in… August 18, 2016 In "Business"