By Peter Amine Jos –   The Working Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Plateau has suspended eight members of the party for constituting a rival State’s Caretaker Committee. Mr John Akans, the committee’s head of media, said in a statement on Saturday that the decision to suspend the erring members was taken at an emergency meeting on Friday evening. “The working committee, an arm of the Plateau Caretaker Committee at its emergency meeting held Friday evening at the party’s secretariat, reviewed the unfortunate incident that took place at the secretariat. “Some group of rascals, mischievously constituted themselves into a caretaker committee, which is an affront to national leadership of our party, under the leadership of Prince Uche Secondus. “The state leadership of the party frown at this decedents and therefore, approved their immediate suspension from the party. “Seven of the affected persons are: Nandom Penap Exodus, Godwin W. Bedir, Akims Mamot, Mrs Asabe Dareng, Nathaniel Dakas, Jecob Dashe and Alhaji Kabiru Musa,” he said. According to Akans, the group’s attempt was not only laughable and mischievous, but infantile and an act of lawlessness to the extreme which the party could not condone. The head of media announced that a seven-man disciplinary committee was immediately constituted to look into the activities of the suspended members. He gave the names of the disciplinary committee members as Mr Monday Agwom as Chairman with Mr Pam Davou Major to serve as Secretary. Others members of the committee were Jarusa Gotau, Mr Amos Komtul, Mr Dauda Daiyabu, Hajia Sa,adatu Ado and Wycliffe Wansonh. The party called on members across the state to forget the unfortunate incident and continue to work together for the progress and victory of the party. (NAN) By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Abuja -   The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has dissolved the Kano State Executive Committee of the party. A statement signed by the party’s National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, on Friday in Abuja said that the dissolution took effect immediately.… August 31, 2018 In "Politics" Abuja  -  The Board of Trustees (BOT) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), says various groups, including the Concerned PDP Stakeholders have agreed to work with the Sen. Ahmed Makarfi-led National Caretaker Committee. BOT Secretary Ojo Maduekwe disclosed this on Thursday in Abuja, while addressing newsmen on the resolutions of… May 26, 2016 In "Politics" By Francis Onyeukwu   Awka - The  Anambra Police Command on Wednesday sealed the State Secretariat of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) located at Udoka Estate in Awka. Mr Haruna Mohammed, the command Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), said the sealing of the secretariat was due to fracas that erupted… September 12, 2018 In "Metro"