Ireti Doyle, a Nollywood actress, has recounted how she earned her first lead role in the movie industry after the lady who was cast in her place failed to show up. The writer-cum-social commentator, whose acting career has spanned more than two decades, took to her Instagram page to narrate how “grace and not luck” had spun her into success in Nollywood. She enjoined her fans to always make themselves ready in their chosen fields as an opportunity could present itself out of the blue. “I had been referred to this producer by a senior colleague. I read for a minor part and got the role. A few days prior to the shoot, I was called in for a table read,” the actress narrated. “For whatever reason, the girl who had been cast in the lead didn’t turn up. I was asked to stand-in for her. Halfway through, the producer said, ‘o boy, e like say na dis girl go play this character o!’ “And that is how I got cast in my first lead role in a Nollywood film. Name of the movie: ‘Dilemma’. Produced and directed by Theophilus Akatugba that year. “Moral of the story? Opportunity can present itself at any time. Question is are you ready?” I had been referred to this producer by a senior colleague. I read for a minor part and got the  role. A few days prior to shoot, I was called in for a table read. For whatever reason (you call it luck, I call it grace) the girl who had been cast in the lead did not turn up and I was asked to stand in for her. Half way through the the read, the producer looked up and said " o boy, e like say na dis girl go play this character o!". And that; is how I got cast in my first  lead role in a Nollywood film. Name of movie: "Dilemma" Produced & Directed by Theophilus Akatugba that year. Moral of the story: "Opportunity" can present itself at anytime; question is ….are you ready? As a run up to my IG live session tomorrow, I'll be sharing some of my experiences with auditions and getting the roles that I have, in the course my career to help give context to some of the things I'll be sharing. Can't believe it's been 25 years… a quarter of a century….sheesh!! Remember its tomorrow on IG live  at 4-5PM #MasterTheCraft #BirthdayLoading A post shared by  Iretiola Doyle (@iretidoyle) on May 2, 2020 at 2:39am PDT In May last year, Doyle had made the headlines after Patrick Doyle, her estranged husband, took to social media to publicly apologise after admitting he was the one who “screwed up” their relationship. Over the course of her career, she has produced her own fashion and lifestyle show while anchoring several TV shows like ‘Morning Ride’, ‘Today On STV’, and ‘Nimasa This Week’ on Channels TV. Source They came into the industry looking for a source of livelihood but also found love along the line. That is the story of an array of Nigerian actors, actresses, singers and sports men and women who found their better halves while shooting films, interpreting roles, belting out great hits or… November 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" By Ojonugwa Ugboja (With Agency Report) Nigeria movie industry, Nollywood, has recorded unprecedented growth over the years, and with it has come the reality of actors struggling to keep up with the pace of events. Some actors who once starred on our screens, week-in week-out have all of a sudden… March 17, 2018 In "Features" Esther David/Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Veteran Nollywood actress, Kate Henshaw has condemned the act of slay mamas using breaching cream on their babies. The ace actress, who frowned at such act, took to her Instagram page @k8henshaw to express how bad she felt, adding that there was nothing to glow in… November 28, 2019 In "Entertainment"