By Salisu Sani-Idris  Abuja  –  The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has assured residents of “working very hard to stop the escalation of COVID-19” pandemic in the territory. The FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, gave the assurance while inaugurating a 506 bed spaces COVID-19 Isolation and Treatment Centre at Idu, on Monday in Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the facility was facilitated by the FCT Abuja Ministerial Expert Advisory on COVID-19, which was constituted by the FCT on March 24. The minister assured that the FCTA would continue to ensure that all protocols established with regards to health and security matters regarding COVID-19 are strictly adhered to. Bello, therefore, urged all residents of the FCT to take the fight against COVID-19 seriously as a personal fight for survival. He explained that as at Sunday evening, May 10, FCT had recorded 356 positive cases, out of which 53 patients had been discharged, while six deaths were recorded. “Our hope is that this shouldn’t escalate beyond this level and for that to happen, we have to work together very hard to ensure that all protocols established with regards to health and security matters regarding COVID-19 are adhered to. “As you are aware, in the last one week, all processes of gradual easing of lockdown commenced in FCT. “However, the wider community is not very compliant with respect to social distancing and other protocols. “Based on what we have here and what we have at Asokoro Hospital as well as what we have at Karu General Hospital, I can say that we have enough redundancy of bed space, but that should not make us to be complacent. “If we do not continue with what we are doing now with a lot of restrictions and compliance, if this thing get out of hand, we may wake up and find that the facilities we have might not be enough,” Bello said. The minister said that in addition to the provision of medical facilities, FCTA was also providing palliative items to the most vulnerable and poorest of the poor in the territory. Bello said that the palliatives are being handled and distributed professionally by the FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu. Earlier, Dr Aliyu Modibbo, the Chairman, FCT Abuja Ministerial Expert Advisory Committee on COVID-19, admonished Nigerians to be committed to the ongoing fight against the virus. Modibbo assured that the committee would not relax until the virus was defeated in FCT and the country in general. “At the inauguration of this committee, the FCT Minister charged us to mobilise human financial and material resources to augment and complement what the FCTA is doing in the fight against the pandemic. “In particular, the minister task us to takeover the unoccupied Railway School facility at Idu terminal to liaise with the FCTA to transform it into COVID-19 isolation and treatment centre within the shortest possible time.” The former FCT minister disclosed that the committee unanimously agreed to do the assignment at no cost to the FCTA, saying “we are not going to receive any remuneration for the services we are rendering”. (NAN) FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello (middle), Chairman, FCT League of Imams, Dr Tajudden Adigun (left) and Chairman, FCT CAN, Dr Samson Jonah (right) at the meeting of the FCTA with religious leaders in the FCT. ABUJA - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) says it is working with religious… March 30, 2020 In "Metro" The Minister of Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Bello has revealed that many COVID-19 patients have refused to be evacuated to treatment centres in the nation’s capital. Bello said the FCT administration will invoke the relevant laws that enable it to mandatorily evacuate recalcitrant COVID-19 patients to isolation centres.… April 23, 2020 In "News" •Malam Muhammad Bello, FCT Minister ABUJA - Following the outbreak of Coronavirus outbreak in Abuja, the Minister of Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Malam Muhammad Bello, has ordered the closure of shops in markets and neigbhourhood centres to traders across Abuja. Bello explained that the measure was to help tackle the… March 25, 2020 In "News"