The Premier League has received the green light from the government to resume next month. The UK government has permitted the return of sport in the country from June 1st as long as it is broadcast from behind closed doors, “while avoiding the risk of large-scale social contact.” Football and other sports in the country have been suspended since mid-March following the increasing impact of coronavirus but many Premier League clubs have been committed to finishing the season once it was safe to do so. The government has now unveiled its “road map” to eventually easing lockdown restrictions, with step two of the map “permitting cultural and sporting events to take place behind-closed-doors for broadcast, while avoiding the risk of large-scale social contact”. Although football will be able to resume next month, football fans may not be able to view games from the stands until a vaccine for COVID-19 has been found. Football clubs must now consult with the League to agree on an official restart date. The Nation Liverpool’s march towards a first league title in 30 years could be put in jeopardy by the coronavirus epidemic, according to a report in the Telegraph. The spread of the virus could see the government cancel all sporting events for two months, which could, the report states, result in an… February 29, 2020 In "Sports" The surge in the number of new coronavirus cases in Italy has hit sporting events as four Serie A football matches were postponed on Sunday, with Inter Milan’s Europa League game next week also in doubt. The match between Torino and Parma in the northern city of Turin was called… February 23, 2020 In "Sports" Boris Johnson has finally published his 50-page 'exit strategy' document from the coronavirus lockdownLast night PM told Britons to 'stay alert, control virus and save lives' in new government coronavirus sloganColleagues can return to work in any numbers if social distancing is enforced, but families cannot meet upJohnson's 'conditional' plan… May 11, 2020 In "Foreign"