Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  The controversies trailing the recently-concluded Congress of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) held in Arochukwu local Government have worsened as the Arochukwu Chairman of the party, Anthony Nwankwo backed by Senator Mao Ohuabunwa, rejected the lists containing names of newly-elected executives members for the LG and approved by the National Working Committee (NWC) of the PDP. In the approved list addressed to Abia PDP Chairman, Chief Johnson Onuigbo, released by the NWC and signed by the National Organizing Secretary, Col. Austin Akobundu, and obtained by newsmen in Umuahia, the Abia state capital on Wednesday, named Hon. Okemini Sunday as new PDP chairman for Arochukwu LGA. Okemini is backed by the two-term member representing Arochukwu/Ohafia federal constituency in Nigeria green chamber, and a chieftain of PDP, Hon. Uko Nkole. Others included in the 18-man new executive officers for Arochukwu LGA in the purported approved list, Francis Okoro and Margaret John as PDP Vice-chairman and Secretary respectively. The NWC stated partly, “Following the successful conduct of the local government Congresses of our party in Abia state on Saturday March 21, 2020 for the purpose of electing new LGA Executives, the National Working Committee (NWC) of our great party, after giving careful consideration the reports of the Electoral Committee and the Appeal panel, has, on behalf of the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the party, approved the said Congresses and the Executive Committee’s emerging therefrom. “Accordingly, I hereby forward to you the authentic list of the LGA Executives for all the 17 LGAs of your state as contained in the attached list of names of approved LGA Exco Members. “This shall be the new LGA Executive members at the expiration of the current Executives, i.e. May 05, 2020, and shall hold office for a period of four years pursuant to section 47(1) of our party’s Constitution as amended;(I.e. May 05, 2020–May 05, 2024).” However, Anthony Nwankwo, Arochukwu PDP Chairman, enjoying the back up the immediate past Senator that represented Abia North district, Mao Ohuabunwa, claimed that the purported names containing in the congress list were not members of the party (PDP). Nwankwo called on the Uche Secondus-led National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to review its position, alleging that most of the names in the purported list are currently card-carrying members of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Arochukwu LGA. The PDP chairman alarmed that some disgruntled elements in the party fold are now bent to cause disaffection and disintegration as he blamed them on the poor outing of the party in the last 2019 general elections in Arochukwu. He said partly, “This is not the authentic list as claimed. The Congress was held in Arochukwu and I was elected by leaders, stakeholders and teeming members of our party. All party faithful were there and the Electoral committee pronounced me and others winners of the Congress to steer the affairs of the party in Arochukwu for another four years. “I’m using this opportunity to call on our amiable National chairman, Uche Secondus to intervene in this matter as relating to the purported list electing new officers for the PDP in the local government. If not checked, it was capable to cause more harm to the PDP in Arochukwu. Because, that lists brandishing everywhere bore the names of APGA members which were smuggled to NWC by unscrupulous elements.” ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Progressive Peoples Alliance (PPA) on Tuesday added a new dimension to the election re-run held in Abia North Senatorial district t in Abia State, describing it as "robbery". In the re-run election conducted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and ordered by the court,… March 9, 2016 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) The National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) met on Thursday and nominated the senator representing Abia South, and former Deputy Governor of Abia State Enyinnaya Abaribe, as Minority Leader in the Ninth Senate. The NWC meeting was held in the… June 14, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) -  The adopted Mode of primaries by the All Progressives Congress may further split the party members in some state as governor of Imo state,  Rochas Okorocha, Senator Magnus Abe and other stakeholders kicked against the decision of the party national working committee.   … September 26, 2018 In "Top Stories"