Before the demolition of two hotels in Rivers State by Governor Nyesom Wike, I had applauded his style of fighting impunity in governance and in the wider society. Specifically, I had in an article on Monday, May 11, 2020 said that a prompt dispensation of justice (like the hot-stove theory of discipline) will send the message loud and clear: The example of Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State is very instructive. Offenders should be given instant justice and not the usual refrain that they will be brought to justice, a promise or assurance people have come to know hardly gets implemented. It would be recalled that the governor had on occasions meted out ‘mild’ or ‘moderate’ instant justice against violators of lockdown restrictions. For instance, he sent violators to quarantine centres for two weeks. Elsewhere (FCT inclusive), offenders were ordered by mobile courts to carry out some form of public works that are highly useful to the wider society. These are alternative commendable measures than draconian or extreme measures. Again, the governor had within the framework of this approach, suspended (and rightly too) few Local Government chairmen and traditional rulers (I guess) and ceased their allowances because violators were residing in their domains. He had earlier warmed them against allowing such to happen. I applauded the promptness of these mild punitive measures on the grounds that it is within his powers to do so and again the measures would achieve the desired deterrent effects. But I disagree with his adoption of draconian measures which run against the spirit of the rule of law. Some cases here are good illustrative examples. First, on 7 May 2020, Mr. Ignatius Chukwu of BusinessDay in a news report titled: ‘Gov Wike takes over the streets as Port Harcourt moves into ‘extreme lockdown’, revealed that Gov. Wike arrested several violators and impounded cars. He also arrested some very important persons (VIPS), who he said were not on essential duties, but were allegedly moving around with their police escorts. Continuing, the news report said: At the Elekahia Isolation Centre, over 200 persons have been arrested and over 20 vehicles impounded by different teams enforcing the lockdown. They are to face the full weight of the law. For us in this article, the governor’s usual statement and insistence that nobody is above the law, is very commendable. I welcome this statement even with his overzealous style, as it is still within the confines of the law. There should be no impunity. However, this is not the case when the governor announced and insisted that the 20 impounded vehicles should be auctioned. Such a decision is a draconian measure and an act of despotism devoid of democratic credentials. As Mr. Chukwu reported, the governor emphatically stated that: “The defaulters will be tried by the mobile courts and I have told the Attorney General, all the impounded vehicles must be auctioned. By tomorrow, the Honourable Attorney General would have advertised those vehicles and we will auction them (see https://businessday.ng/coronavirus/article/gov-wike-takes-over-the-streets-as-port-harcourt-moves-into-extreme-lockdown/. The second illustrative case was reported by Sundiatapost on 8 May 2020 and tilted: Wike impounds 2 trailer loads of cows for violating lockdown. The governor also arrested 14 persons in the two trailers conveying the cattle and then directed the State Ministry of Health to conduct tests on them to ascertain their coronavirus status. I applaud the governor for this high level of vigilance which is still within his powers as an action governor. But an act of dictatorship came in when the governor directed that the cows and the trailers should be auctioned (see https://sundiatapost.com/wike-impounds-2-trailer-loads-of-cows-for-violating-lockdown/. This is simply a draconian measure which is unnecessary. The last illustrative case for us here is the arrest of 20 dockworkers who were on their way from essential duties in the Port Harcourt port. In the Vanguard news report of May 13 & 14, it was revealed that the affected workers were returning from essential service operations to BUA/PTOL terminal in Port Harcourt and were unlawfully and forcefully arrested, and detained even after presenting duly signed ‘Essential Duty Port Pass’ issued by the Nigerian Ports Authority, (NPA). For us again in this case, the governor manifested full attribute of a dictator more so when it was also reported that it took the prompt response and intervention of the Presidency, the Executive Secretary of Shippers Council, President of NLC, Managing Director of the NPA, Director-General of NIMASA, Chairman, Seaports Terminal Operators Associations of Nigeria, the IGP, and other well-meaning Nigerians, to facilitate the release of the incarcerated dockworkers. One may ask: what was actually their offence if they were exempted from being on lockdown as essential services workers? Is there anything the governor knows in this matter that we do not know? In concluding this two-part article, one major observation on the governor’s style is necessary to serve as a lesson for all those who might want to copy his style either now or in the future. To be an action governor (with a little dose of overzealousness) is very good, but it has to be exercised within the confines of the law. This style has enabled Governor Wike to check impunity which is well applauded in this two-part series. While employing this style, however, the governor should be very mindful of his human excesses that may lead him (and have actually led him in some respects) into dictatorship. He should avoid using draconian measures that gradually make him to be seen as a despot. This is not good for a governor that history records as Mr. Project. He should therefore not allow this positive history to be re-written because of coronavirus (COVID-19). His goal of protecting human lives is highly commendable, but it must not be achieved with the iron fits policy of a despot. …Appointment of Chief of Staff to President Buhari: What has changed? Some colleagues requested for my views on the appointment of Prof. Ibrahim Gambari as the new Chief of Staff to Mr. President to replace the late Mallam Abba Kyari. In reply, I gave them same answers as follows: knowledge is very important in such a position, but knowledge is not enough. In a country where some people are crying for justice for the past five years of the Buhari administration, the appointment of Prof. Gamb-ARI by President Buh-ARI to replace Mallam Ky-ARI appears very instructive. I only hope that something will change given the stature of Prof. Ibrahim Gambari. But I hope the coincidence in the constancy of the three alphabets in the three names, does not suggest that the status quo is being maintained. A government accused by critics of provincialism and nepotism for the past five years can do better, and this is the opportunity to do that with this high calibre appointment. But again, the very first statement by Prof. Gambari (as Chief of Staff) that his loyalty is to the President and not to the public (without even tactically saying as a diplomat that it is to the nation) gives one no hope that things will change significantly in the critics’ desired direction. Nevertheless, I congratulate him and wish him good luck, as I would not want him to disappoint his primary constituency: the academic community, and the wider intellectual and technocratic community which he also represents. Prof. Isaac N. Obasi, a public policy expert (& former columnist in the Daily Trust, Abuja, March 2003 to October 2006, & Daily Champion, Lagos, April 2005 to December 2008), is of the Department of Public Administration, University of Abuja. Email: nnamdizik@gmail.com Prior to the recording of an index case of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Rivers State, critics of Governor Nyesom Wike were describing his style of governance in many uncomplimentary terms. Some critics saw him as being draconian in his style, citing couple of measures he adopted to solve pressing public policy… May 13, 2020 In "Opinion" •A police checkpoint In his address to the nation on COVID-19 pandemic on 27 April 2020, President Muhammadu Buhari announced some key measures to contain the rapidly spreading cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) infection across the country.  Among other things, the president announced that: (a) There will be an overnight curfew… May 11, 2020 In "Opinion" •Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State If the gods want to punish a people, they either invoke plagues on the land or deploy agents of slaughter as leaders. The gods are not happy with Rivers State, obviously, hence the affliction by Nyesom Wike. The state had a chance of averting… May 10, 2020 In "Opinion"