ABUJA -From the camp of Godwin Obaseki, came a swift response on Wednesday, when his supporters purchased the nomination on his behalf, effectively engaging a higher gear in the race for the All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship ticket in the September 18 governorship election. The move came with the group vowing that the state would not allow any gang of political buccaneers from seizing the state to dismember the commonwealth of the people, as they had been trying unsuccessfully in recent years. The Obaseki Mandate Forum (OMF) secured the form on the same day Osagie Ize-Iyamu emerged the consensus candidate of the Adams Oshiohmole faction of the APC in the state, setting the stage for the epic battle for the party’s ticket, ahead of the governorship election. The chairman of the forum, Chief Nathaniel Momoh obtained the nomination form from the party’s national Secretariat on behalf of Governor Obaseki, few hours after another aspirant; Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu has picked his nomination form. Addressing newsmen after the purchase of the form, Momoh said electorates from the 18 local government Councils of the State, party members, apolitical citizens and residents in the State and Abuja joined forces together to pick the nomination and expression of interest form for the governor. The forum said their decision was informed by Obaseki’s sterling performance in the last four years which he said has proved that the governor has the capacity to move the State forward, in spite of the many challenges and distractions that have manifested in various forms. He said: “This form, willfully and freely purchased by the people represents the mandate of the Edo people – young and old, city bred and rural dwellers, who are witnesses to the gradual transformation of their communities by the steady advancement of governance that touches the life of the people. “This form represents the buy-in and acceptability of majority of Edo people, both at home and in diaspora, who tasked themselves to ensure that their mandate is secured in the candidature of Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki, for the September 19, 2020 governorship election in Edo State. “This form further signposts the will of the people and defeat of any kind of imposition plotted or being plotted against the Edo people. By this purchase, the good people of Edo State have spoken with one voice and have decided to entrust their mandate on His Excellency, the hardworking incumbent Governor, Godwin Nogheghase Obaseki to continue with his developmental strides. “Obaseki is not just an APC project. It is also the project of the market woman in Uselu Market, the trader in Aviele, Council of Chiefs in 05050, the 18 years and above student in Owan, the fruit trader in Iruekpen, that meat seller in Agenebode, that palm wine tapper in Esan, the cassava farmer in Ikpeshi, and many others who stood solidly behind His Excellency”. “Obaseki’s, is not a project for a gang of elites, who seek to wet their appetite with political power, relevance and undue control of the resources of the state, but one for the masses and well-meaning individuals passionate about the progress and development of the state.” (Whirlwindnews.com) Wife of President Muhammadu Buhari, Aisha, has drummed support for continuity of the All Progressives Congress, APC, leadership in Edo state. Aisha assured the candidate of the APC in the Edo State governorship election, Godwin Obaseki, of massive support from women in the state during the election in September. She… August 10, 2016 In "Politics" Abuja  -   Some Edo members of the National Assembly on Tuesday declared support for Mr Godwin Obaseki of All Progressives Congress (APC), in the Sept. 10 Edo governorship election. The legislators, who came to the party secretariat in Abuja in their numbers, were led by Sen. Francis Alimikhena (Edo… May 24, 2016 In "News" Washington -  U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration has billed his move to re-open federal lands to new coal leases as a win for miners seeking to expand production. But a review of company filings shows that coal miners with the most to gain already have enough leases in hand to… March 29, 2017 In "Foreign"