By Muhammad Adam  Yola   –  Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa has issued a directive easing the restriction order on Worship places and social gatherings. The directive was contained in a statement by Mr Humwashi Wonosikou, Press Secretary to the governor, on Thursday in Yola. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the restriction order was earlier imposed on the state following the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic in the state. Fintiri said the state government believed that the contagion rate was low enough to justify a cautious easing of the restriction. “The easing of the lockdown comes as the state discharges five from its isolation center after testing negative of the virus. “Therefore, Churches, Mosques and the international Cattle Markets under lockdown can now reopen,” Fintiri said. He, however, warned that citizens must work extra hard on personal hygiene and strict adherence to laid down guidelines. The governor explained that the people must ensure social distancing and gathering with no more than 50 people at a time. He said other measures included the use of hand sanitisers, washing of hands and temperature checks at the point of entry. “However, the 8 pm to 6 am curfew will remain in place until further notice,” the governor said. ( NAN) By Muhammad Adam Yola - Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa has announced two weeks lockdown of the state as from midnight of March 31 as part of measures to contain the spread of Covid-19. Fintiri made the announcement on Monday in Yola in a statement by his Press Secretary, Mr… March 30, 2020 In "News" •Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State By Onimisi Alao, Yola Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State has lifted restrictions in intrastate movement as a major part of a relax of the lockdown he imposed on the state two weeks ago. He said in a review broadcast Tuesday evening that following… April 14, 2020 In "News" By Muhammad Adam Yola - Hajia Lami Fintiri, the wife of Adamawa governor, has begun distribution of food items to vulnerable people in the state to cushion the effect of the lockdown occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the distribution of food items… April 8, 2020 In "News"