Paris  –   Olympique Lyonnais president Jean-Michel Aulas again lashed out at the French League for ending the Ligue 1 football season early amid the COVID-19, calling the decision “stupid”. Aulas spoke after La Liga on Saturday got the Spanish government’s green light to resume play. Matches will likely begin on June 12, according to League president Javier Tebas. “In the past two months, the Spanish officials have been observing and working with UEFA,” Aulas said on Sunday, referring to European football’s governing body. “What is paradoxical is that Javier Tebas, in particular, attended the same meetings than (French League director-general) Didier Quillot, notably that of April 23. “In fact, what was said at that meeting with UEFA is `patience’. When we see that our officials attended this meeting and drew different conclusions, one can feel that we are really too stupid.” The French League ended the Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 seasons last month with 10 games remaining, meaning that seventh-placed Lyon were denied a European spot through the league standings. Lyon’s appeal before an administrative tribunal was rejected on Friday, but they are now expected to lodge another appeal before the State Council, France’s highest court, alongside relegated Amiens and Toulouse. Asked if he would have had the same reaction had Lyon been in a position to qualify for the UEFA Champions League when Ligue 1 was suspended in March, Aulas said: “I swear I would have, I swear on my children’s lives.” (Reuters/NAN) PARIS   - Coach Laurent Blanc is leaving Paris St Germain after three seasons in charge, clearing the way for former Sevilla coach Unai Emery to join the French champions. French media reported that Blanc had a signed a 22 million euro ($24.2 million) settlement contract with the club. "Both… June 27, 2016 In "Sports" The president of Spain's top division says he wants to attract all the best players in the world to the country and rival the commercial power of the English Premier League. La Liga boss Javier Tebas even joked he wants "the best 500 players" in global football in the league.… July 29, 2014 In "Sports" Zlatan Ibrahimovic could miss the second leg of Paris Saint-Germain's Champions League quarterfinal against Chelsea after limping off in the French side's first-leg win on Wednesday. Ibrahimovic, 32, will undergo tests on Thursday to determine the extent of the thigh injury that forced him off 68 minutes into his… April 3, 2014 In "Sports"