By Desmond Ejibas Port Harcourt  –  The Rivers Government has awarded contract for the construction of N3.9 billion new convocation arena at the University of Port Harcourt (UNIPORT)to a contractor, Telios Group. Mr Alabo George-Kelly, the Special Adviser to Gov. Nyseom Wike on Projects, made this known in a statement by Dr Williams Wodi, the university Deputy Director (Information), on Sunday in Port Harcourt. George-Kelly, handing over the construction site to the contractor, assured the university management that the project would be completed within the stipulated time and according to specification. “The project’s letter of award has already been issued to the company. “We are confident that Telios Group will deliver a quality project with attention to details. We do not expect the contractor to cut corners,” he said. Responding, the Vice-Chancellor of UNIPORT, Prof. Ndowa Lale, thanked Wike for taking steps to fulfil his promise of building a world class convocation arena in the university campus. He said that Wike, who is alumni of the university, had demonstrated his commitment to the institution. “To this end, our physical planning and development unit will closely monitor the project to ensure quality job delivery,” he said. In his remarks, Mr Emmanuel Adaria, representative of Telios Group, said the project would be completed to the contracts’ specification. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the convocation arena, when completed, would accommodate 15,000 students during ceremony. The arena would also accommodate a minimum of six thousand students when partitioned into six lecture theatres. (NAN) Port Harcourt - Mr Opunabo Inko-Tariah, the Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to Gov. Nyesom Wike, says the Rivers chief executive is focused and determined to deliver on his election promises. Inko-Tariah told newsmen in Port Harcourt on Wednesday that Wike in his first 30 days in office had… July 8, 2015 In "News" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has alerted the Vice Chancellor of the University of Port Harcourt, Professor Ndowa Lale of a list induced by the All Progressives Congress (APC) with the aim of rigging the rerun  legislative elections  through  the imposition  of  politically compromised returning… March 1, 2016 In "Politics" Sultan Of Sokoto Flags Off Construction Of Rivers State Traditional Rulers Secretariat May 3, 2017 In "Top Stories"