Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Clergyman who is the founder of Calvary Ministries (CAPRO) Pastor Bayo Famonure, his wife and two children were shot on Wednesday by gunmen at his residence. A source close to the family said that the gunmen who were eight in number stormed the residence of the clergyman at Gana Ropp in Barkin-Ladi Local Government Area of the state in the early hours of Wednesday and held the entire family hostage. It was gathered that five of the gunmen positioned themselves at various strategic parts of the environment while three others forced themselves into the house where the clergyman and his family were woken up at gunpoint. It was learnt that the gunmen shot the clergyman, his wife and two children, but they were lucky as five of them were rushed to Barkin-Ladi Hospital immediately the assailants bolted away. “Last night, May 5, the mission base of Calvary Ministries (CAPRO) and home to Bayo Famonure (founder, CAPRO), in Gana Ropp, Plateau State, was attacked by gunmen suspected to be Fulani. Bayo, his wife and two children were shot. Bayo was shot in the feet, the wife took a bullet in her back, children shot in the feet,” said the source. However, the State Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Ubah Gabriel, who confirmed the incident said the command has beefed up security in the community and on the trail of the gunmen. (Tribune). By Polycarp Auta   Jos -   Gunmen have killed five persons at a mining site in Gana-Ropp village of Barkin Ladi Local Government Area of Plateau. DSP Terna Tyopev, the Police Public Relations Officer of the Police Command in the state, confirmed the incident to the News Agency of… September 5, 2018 In "News" Punch Metro reports that a retired teacher in the Barkin Ladi Council Area of Plateau, Mr Iliya Dafet, has been shot dead by gunmen, who attacked his house in the Gana- Daji community. A family member, who gave his name as John, told Punch Metro in Jos on Thursday that… January 2, 2020 In "Metro" By Polycarp Auta   Jos   -     The Police Command in Plateau has confirmed the killing of 11 persons in attacks on Razat, Ruku, Nyarr, Kura and Gana-Ropp villages of Gashish District in Barkin Ladi Local Government. Also hit were Daffo and Kuba communities in Bokkos Local Government. Mr Terna Tyopev,… June 24, 2018 In "Metro"