Former Senior Special Assistant to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, on Public Affairs, Dr. Doyin Okupe has revealed drugs used to treat him while he battled COVID-19. Okupe had announced on his Facebook page, that on the 23rd of April, he and his wife, Aduralere tested positive to COVID-19 and that on the same day, they were moved to the isolation ward facilities in Sagamu. They later survived the deadly Coronavirus disease and were discharged after spending about two weeks in the isolation ward. However, Okupe has given an update on his recovery, by disclosing drugs used to cure him of the virus on his official Twitter page. He tweeted: “My medications for Covid-19. Hydroxychloroquine 400mg twice daily for 2days then 400mg daily for 3days. “Azithromycin 500mg fly, Zinc sulphate 100mg dly. VitzC 1200mg daily.” He added that “I supported with a mixture of ginger, garlic, tumeric and lemon. “There is no global consensus among the scientists or medical experts on any one treatment regime. No credible scientific research document is presently available or acceptable 4 treatment of COVID-19. “Key factor is the immune status of the patient. Boost your immunity with known supplements.” He, therefore, warned against self-medication saying; “If u must take hydroxychloroquine pl speak 2 yr doctor to confirm if u hv any cardiac ARRHYTHMIAS. If u do u need close monitoring b4 embarking on d use of this drugs.90 to 95% of infected patients will go thru even without hospitalization.90%+of young people will survive attack.” Source Hausa Broadcast: Buhari’s Media Team Goofed – Okupe June 27, 2017 In "Top Stories" Biafra: Majority of Igbos Worship Nnamdi Kanu Like Their ‘Saviour’ – Okupe June 28, 2017 In "Top Stories" According to Daily Trust, the Kwara State Government has dismissed claims making wave across the state suggesting that a local delicacy of yam flour, popularly referred to as ‘Amala’, cures the COVID-19 infection. The Permanent Secretary, Kwara state Ministry of Health, Dr Abubakar Ayinla, stated this on Tuesday in Ilorin… April 15, 2020 In "Metro"