Scientists have discovered an antibody which prevents the coronavirus from infecting human cells in “groundbreaking research” which could lead to the development of new treatments. Building on research into the SARS coronavirus, scientists from Utrect University in the Netherlands, as well as the Erasmus Medical Centre and the company Harbour BioMed (HBM), have identified a potential method of neutralising COVID-19. They discovered that an antibody which prevents the SARS virus from infecting human cells could also block the novel coronavirus from infecting human cells too, according a peer reviewed study published on Monday in the journal Nature Communications. Testing their collection of antibodies on cultured human cells, researchers discovered one which binds to a specific part which is present in both SARS and the virus causing COVID-19. The discovery could offer an initial step towards developing a fully-human antibody to treat or prevent the disease, which has infected more then 3.5 million people worldwide, and led to more than 247,000 deaths. The neutralising antibody “has potential to alter the course of infection in the infected host, support virus clearance or protect an uninfected individual that is exposed to the virus,” said Dr Berend-Jan Bosch, co-lead author on the study. Dr Frank Grosveld, the study’s other co-lead author, said the discovery provided “a strong foundation for additional research to characterise this antibody and begin development as a potential COVID-19 treatment”. More from Covid-19Coronavirus: Antibody test ‘with almost 100% accuracy’ could be in UK in weeksCoronavirus: Non-COVID patient care ‘on hold’ as doctors fear wave of referrals after lockdownCoronavirus: Heathrow boss says social distancing in airports would mean kilometre-long boarding queuesCoronavirus: European virus hotspots see record lows in numbers of new casesCoronavirus survivor Linda Lusardi to join Mr Motivator for online workoutsCoronavirus: Boris Johnson set to reveal lockdown exit plan on SundayCoronavirus: The global infection numbers in real timeCoronavirus: The global infection numbers in real time “The antibody used in this work is ‘fully human’, allowing development to proceed more rapidly and reducing the potential for immune-related side effects,” he added. The fully-human antibody is different from conventional therapeutic antibodies, which are often first developed in other species before being “humanised” so they can be transmitted to people. It was developed using Harbour BioMed’s H2L2 transgenic mouse technology, which enables researchers to develop “human” antibodies without testing them on living people. “This is groundbreaking research,” said Dr Jingsong Wang, the chief executive of HBM. Source Scientists are still investigating the origin of the coronavirus that has paralysed much of the planet. Perhaps understandably, rumours have circulated that the virus might be man-made, but scientists have spoken out to explain why it’s not true, Science Alert has reported. Specific features on the virus show that it’s… April 21, 2020 In "News" Washington -   The preliminary human trail of an experimental vaccine regiment is anticipated to begin in the second half of 2019, according to a study published on Monday in the journal Nature medicine. The “broadly neutralising’’ vaccine regiment based on the structure of a vulnerable site on HIV was… June 4, 2018 In "Foreign" Scientists in Australia have discovered an already existing drug, which kills COVID-19 within 48 hours in the laboratory, Daily Mail reports. The drug, Ivermectin, is used to treat head lice and is available all over the world. Researchers at Monash University found that a single dose of Ivermectin stops the… April 7, 2020 In "News"