A woman has cried out for help as her conscience continues to torment her after she slept with her landlord in order to provide for her family. The woman who expressed remorse for sleeping with her landlord, asked for help on what to do next. She sent her message to Cynthia Valerian Raphaels on Facebook and said: “Good evening ma. Hide my id please. My marriage is 10 years with 3 kids. My husband is 44years, 32 years. I beg you all dont blame me much. I just needed solutions on how to help myself, because I have started hating myself. My husband lost his job last 2 years and since then, I have been feeding the house with my salary. I did something I never wanted to do on this Corona period. I dont have any money to cook anything at home and no one to talk to, no water for my children to drink. We started drinking borehole water. I kept putting my account number on madam Cynthia give away post but I wasn’t lucky at all. Our land lord have been making advances at me for long and I ignored him. My parents look up to me for help and I didnt even give them anything at all. Me and my family stayed two days without anything and I left to ask my landlord for money to see if he can help me. All my neighbors I went to for help, nobody gave me anything. I lied to my husband let me go and see my brothers friend to know if she can help us. My landlord wife and kids stay abroad. He lives two houses away from us. When I got to his place, he brought up the topic again and I told him that I cant do it, he promised to give me 20k free and some provisions. I know what I did is wrong and my conscience is killing me badly. I cant watch my three children cry anymore and I gave in and he refused he wont use protection. I have been asking God to forgive me. If they paid us in school where I teach before discharging us I wont have fallen into such. I am a shadow of myself now ma. Three days ago, our compound people had meeting with him. Nepa people came to cut our light because of old bill we didnt settle. If you see the way he humiliated my husband because he gave his own suggestions, because he knows our situationI covered my face in shame. I wish I never did what I did. My husband is not on social media. Please help me post for advise.” Source The Coronavirus lockdown put in place to halt the spread of the disease couldn't stop a Kenyan landlord from visiting one his tenants to demand for his rent at Ichuga Estate in Nanyuki town. Jane Wamucii, 39, a mother of three told Nairobi News on Thursday that her landlord decided… April 23, 2020 In "Metro" A Nigerian woman set to wed this Saturday has found herself in serious dilemma after finding out that her husband is sleeping with a stripper. She sent a 'save my soul' message to relationship expert, Cynthia Uju Raphaels begging for a way to fix the situation. She wrote: "Madam Cynthia,… August 6, 2019 In "Relationship" A woman experiencing guilty conscience after sleeping with her sister's husband for the past 13 years has opened up, seeking for help on how to stop the evil act. She wrote to relationship expert, Cynthia Valerian Raphaels. Read below: "Good afternoon ma. I had to send this message to your… June 24, 2019 In "Relationship"