A doctor and nurse who had to cancel their wedding because of the coronavirus outbreak got married at the hospital where they work. Jann Tipping, 34, and Annalan Navaratnam, 30, took time out from their frontline work in battling coronavirus to tie the knot in the Grade II listed chapel at London’s St Thomas’ Hospital. Guests enjoyed their special day remotely, thanks to one of the witnesses who live-streamed the service so that friends and family could watch. The couple, of Tulse Hill, south London, had cancelled their original plans to wed in August amid fears their families would not be able to travel safely from Northern Ireland and Sri Lanka for the big day. Rather than postpone, they decided to move the wedding forward and got a special go-ahead from the hospital’s chaplaincy team for a private wedding ceremony. Ms Tipping, an ambulatory emergency nurse, said: ‘We wanted to have the ceremony while everyone was still healthy, even if it meant our loved ones having to watch us on a screen. ‘We wanted to make sure we could celebrate while we were all still able to. ‘The chaplaincy team worked hard to get permission for us to be married, which we appreciated greatly at a time when so much was going on. ‘A date was set within two weeks and we hadn’t bought my dress, our rings and other things we needed so we rushed to get everything done quickly.’ She described it as an ‘intimate’ and ‘lovely’ wedding but said it felt ‘surreal’ getting married in the hospital where they work. She added: ‘St Thomas’ is such a special place to us both, and especially to me, having been here for the last six years. ‘Now there is an extra reason why it’s so important to us.’ Ms Tipping described it as ‘a nice thing to haSt ppen in the middle of an anxious time’. Mr Navaratnam, an acute medical registrar who has been working at St Thomas’ for a year, added: ‘Jann and I wanted to get married from the moment I proposed. ‘We’re so happy that we have been able to commit ourselves to one another and that the hospital has been able to support us to do that.’ After hearing about the wedding, Health Secretary Matt Hancock tweeted: ‘This is lovely.’ The newlyweds hosted a virtual drinks reception for their guests – who had champagne sent to their homes in advance – which included their first dance and speeches. Just Reverend Mia Hilborn, the newlyweds and two witnesses were inside the chapel for the April 24 ceremony. Revd Hilborn said: ‘At such a challenging time for staff, as chaplains we strive to offer as much support as we can. We know how upsetting it is to need to delay big celebratory events such as weddings so we are happy to talk to any staff who need to postpone their wedding to see how we can help. ‘I was delighted to be able to get special permission to marry Jann and Annalan in the beautiful chapel at St Thomas’. It was a lovely service and I was thrilled to be part of it.’ Prime Minister Boris Johnson was admitted to St Thomas’ Hospital last month after contracting coronavirus. Source For Miss Helen Weze, a nurse, Saturday, March 21, 2020, is a day that she will never forget in a hurry. It was a day that she was scheduled to get wedded to her sweetheart, to see her dreams of publicly getting hooked to the man she loved, the man… April 5, 2020 In "News" A disgruntled bride-to-be has revealed she was forced to cancel her extravagant 'fairytale' wedding after her guests refused to pay $CAD 1,500 each to attend. The Canadian bride, who is known only as 'Susan', was due to tie the knot with her childhood sweetheart in a lavish $CAD 60,000 ($46,020)… August 28, 2018 In "Foreign" An Italian nurse allegedly strangled his doctor girlfriend to death because "she gave him Coronavirus." After committing the crime, 28-year-old Antonio De Pace reportedly called cops to tell them he had murdered young medic, Lorena Quaranta, 27. When Police arrived at the scene, they found her dead in their apartment… April 2, 2020 In "Foreign"