The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said the September 19 and October 10 scheduled dates for the governorship elections in Edo and Ondo states will be met, despite the Covid-19 pandemic. It also said the timetable and schedule of activities for the elections still stand. This was disclosed after a meeting yesterday where a wide range of issues, including the coming governorship outstanding by- elections, were discussed. A statement by the National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, said the commission will issue policy framework for the engagement of stakeholders. The commission restated its resolve to provide the requisite innovation in conducting elections in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, saying it is committed to fulfilling its constitutional responsibility of conducting elections, but without jeopardising the health and well-being of citizens. Source By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has postponed the conduct of four senatorial by-elections indefinitely as a result of the Coronavirus pandemic. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, on… March 19, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday said the Edo State governorship election will take place on September 19, 2020. The electoral body at a press briefing in Abuja also stated that Ondo governorship poll will hold on October 10, 2020. Details… February 6, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has appealed to stakeholders in Rivers to refrain from making pronouncements that could overheat or instigate violence ahead of the state forthcoming re-run elections. The commission made the appeal in a statement signed Mr Rotimi Oyekanmi, the Chief Press… December 5, 2016 In "Politics"