The Kaduna State Government has reacted to reports of soldiers firing at an Assemblies of God Church building during an operation against bandits in Chikun area of the state. The church was located in Kabarasha Village in Chikun local government of the state. In a statement issued by the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan, the troops firing at the church was a mistake and there was no deliberate intention to hurt the civilians in the building at the time of the operation. The Governor of Kaduna state, Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai “directed the Commissioner to assess the situation and present a report so that the damage to the (Kaduna) church can be repaired.” Kaduna State Government praised the Nigerian military for mounting successful operations against bandits in Chikun, Igabi, Giwa, and Birnin Gwari local government areas and other locations. The government noted that the Air force operation which occurred on Thursday and Friday was successful. The Commissioner said that the operation “successfully neutralized many bandits in Chikun local government while working on other targets,’’ adding that the State Government has been briefed. “During operations against bandits in a nearby location last Thursday, munitions aimed at the criminals partly damaged an Assemblies of God Church building in Kabarasha Village in Chikun local government. No civilian casualty was recorded in the incidence,” he noted. The statement said that Governor Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has “directed the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs to assess the situation and present a report so that the damage to the church can be repaired.” the Vanguard reports. Source By Tijjani Mohammad Kaduna - Troops of 1 Division Nigerian Army deployed on Operation Thunder Strike, on Monday, raided two kidnappers camps in Chikun Local Government Area, Kaduna State. A reliable military source told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the raid on the bandits camps located in Ligari… September 3, 2019 In "News" •Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai By Urowayino Warami  Troops of 1 Division Nigerian Army deployed on Operation Thunder Strike, on Monday, raided two kidnappers camps in Chikun Local Government Area, Kaduna State. A reliable military source told newsmen that the raid on the bandits camps located in Ligari… September 3, 2019 In "Top Stories" By Mohammad Tijjani   Kaduna -  The 1 Division Nigerian Army Kaduna, said on Thursday that it had neutralised 10 suspected armed bandit and arrested a kidnapper in Chikun and Birnin Gwari Local Government Areas of Kaduna State. The Deputy Director Army Public Relations, Col. Muhammad Dole, disclosed in a… September 13, 2018 In "News"