Jack Dorsey, the CEO of Twitter has informed his employees that they can now work from home “forever” amid the Coronavirus pandemic. The 43-year-old CEO informed staff on Tuesday saying all in-person events would be cancelled as the company announced plans to adopt a permanent work-from-home structure amid the Coronavirus pandemic. Employees would receive a $1,000 allowance to equip themselves with the tools necessary to work-from-home, Mr. Dorsey said, adding that the office was unlikely to open before September. In a statement, Twitter said it was “one of the first companies to go to a WFH model in the face of COVID-19, but [doesn’t] anticipate being one of the first to return to offices.” The company said if employees are in a role and situation that enables them to work from home and they want to continue doing so “forever,” then “we will make that happen.” “If not, our offices will be their warm and welcoming selves, with some additional precautions, when we feel it’s safe to return,” the statement reads. The company said with very few exceptions, offices won’t open before September. It added when they do open it will be “careful, intentional, office by office and gradual.” It said there will also be no business travel before September “with very few exceptions” and no in-person company events for the rest of 2020. “We’re proud of the early action we took to protect the health of our employees and our communities. That will remain our top priority as we work through the unknowns of the coming months,” it said. Jennifer Christie, the head of human resources at Twitter, also told BuzzFeed News the company would “never probably be the same” as it began allowing employees to work-from-home during the initial months of the outbreak. “People who were reticent to work remotely will find that they really thrive that way,” she said at the time. “Managers who didn’t think they could manage teams that were remote will have a different perspective.” She added: “I do think we won’t go back.” source Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) Chief Executive Officer Dick Costolo abruptly announced he was stepping down on Thursday amid increasing scrutiny of the company's slow user growth and inability to attract advertisers at the same rate as its competitors. Costolo will be replaced by co-founder Jack Dorsey on an interim basis. The… June 12, 2015 In "Foreign" After years of user-growth struggles, Twitter just announced that its CEO Dick Costolo has chosen to step down July 1, though he’ll remain on the board. Twitter co-founder and Square CEO Jack Dorsey will be the interim CEO. A conference call with investors has been set for2:15 p.m. PST today to discuss… June 12, 2015 In "Foreign" Seattle (Washington) - The novel coronavirus pandemic will define the modern era in the same way World War II shaped an earlier generation, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates writes in a 11-page memo outlining his ideas on how best to tackle the disease. “This is like a world war, except in… April 24, 2020 In "Foreign"