By NJADVARA MUSA, Maiduguri The Borno State coronavirus (COVID-19) first index; infected 26 people before he died last month at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH). The infected persons, according to Chairman of the high-powered investigative committee, Prof. Isa Husseini Marte, include 21 health workers, four relations and a roommate at Pulka. While submitting report to Governor Babagana Zulum at the weekend in Maiduguri, Dr Marte said: “The committee invited all persons relevant to the index case for interaction; after the Pulka investigation visit; where the victim was first receiving treatment. “Committee members interacted with Medecine Sans Frontieres (MSF) Spain that is managing the Pulka clinic as well as community leaders and stakeholders.” He said from all available evidence the committee received from its investigation, proved beyond reasonable doubts that Babangida Mohammed died of coronavirus (COVID-19) disease. While speaking on how Mohammed died, Dr Marte said: “When he first fell sick, the deceased was taking some medication at Pulka MSF clinic. “When his health conditions deteriorated, they decided to take him to UMTH, Maiduguri in a commercial bus instead of an ambulance. “And at that time; he was having severe complications of coughing, chest pain, high body temperature, fever and difficulty in breathing among others.” He also noted that the committee at the UMTH discovered that Babangida Mohammad has infected 21 health workers and four of his relatives with COVID-19. He added that one of his roommates at the hospital; was also tested positive. Zulum, who was represented by his Deputy, Umar Kadafur, who doubles as COVID-19 response team Chairman, commended the committee for doing a thorough investigation. He also assured the committee that the state government will study carefully all its recommendations and implement to check further spread of the deadly virus. (The Nation) Borno State Committee on the Control and Prevention of COVID-19 has identified 97 contacts with the dead index case for tracing and isolation. The Chairman of the Committee Alhaji Umar Kadafur who is also the Deputy Governor of Borno State disclosed this at a press briefing in Maiduguri said the… April 20, 2020 In "News" By Habibu Harisu Sokoto - Gov. Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto state has announced the death of three COVID-19 patients in the state. Tambuwal disclosed this in a statement signed by his Special Adviser on Media and Public Affairs, Malam Muhammad Bello. The governor noted that all the three victims had… April 29, 2020 In "News" The Borno State Government has announced a 14 day lockdown just after 3 cases of Coronavirus was confirmed in the state. Governor Umara Zulum made the announcement in a statewide broadcast and he said it will take off from 10:30pm on Wednesday, 22nd of April, 2020. Residents of the state… April 21, 2020 In "News"