Lisbon  –   Nine stadiums have passed inspections and been declared ready to host matches when the Portuguese league restarts after the coronavirus stoppage, the league said on Wednesday. A further six need improvements and would be subjected to a second inspection by the government’s DGS health directorate, the league added. The home grounds of Vitoria Guimaraes, Tondela, Porto, Sporting, Benfica, Maritimo, Braga and Portimonense were given the green light. They were approved along with the national team training centre in Lisbon which will also be used for some matches. The DGS said there would have to be “a number of corrections” to the stadiums of Vitoria Setubal, Boavista, Desportivo das Aves, Rio Ave, Gil Vicente and Pacos de Ferreira. The four other teams in the 18-club league did not put their grounds up for inspection. The DGS has said that the minimum possible number of stadiums should be used. But this could prove a stumbling block as several clubs have already complained about not being able to play at their home stadiums. Ten rounds of matches will have to be played between June 4 and July 26. They will help to complete the season which has turned into a two-horse race between Porto, who lead with 60 points, and Benfica, who are one point behind. (Reuters/NAN) Berlin - The 2019/2020 Bundesliga season will restart on May 16, the German Football League (DFL) said on Thursday, becoming the first European league to resume amid the coronavirus epidemic.The DFL said the season would resume under the terms of a strict health protocol that bans fans from the stadium.… May 7, 2020 In "Sports" ABUJA - Nembe City FC of Bayelsa said on Thursday it was heading to Uyo for its rescheduled Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) game with hosts Akwa United FC. Ebiakpo Baribote, the club’s Chairperson, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) the move became necessary after the League Management Company… April 3, 2014 In "Sports" By Zainab Oyekan Jos - The Management of Plateau United FC of Jos says its midweek match against Kada City Stars of Kaduna at the New Jos Stadium on Feb. 20, will not be played behind closed doors. The club, presently occupying the 8th spot on the Group B league… February 18, 2019 In "Sports"