PORT HARCOURT – Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike on Friday at the Rivers State Government House received a delegation from Mobil Nigeria Unlimited led by its Managing Director, Mr Udobong Ntia. Governor Wike speaking on the need for Mobil to work with the state in the fight against COVID-19 said It serves no ones interest to deny any cooperate body or those on essential duty from carrying out their job but there most be cooperation for the benefit of everyone and the safety of the lives of the people of the state. He explained that with oil being the main stay of the Nigeria’s economy exploration must go on but 60% of the COVID-19 cases in Rivers State are connected to activities of oil company personnel. He said 14 oil company workers who came in from a rigg yesterday are presently isolated at the Airforce base as 3 of them have tested positive for COVID-19. On actions being taken in Rivers State Governor Wike said he wouldn’t wait for the pandemic to get to the level where people die daily in the state before it is taken seriously. He said to reduce the risks to Rivers residents the names and itinerary of oil company personnel coming into the state has to be submitted to enable the state’s health team interface with them. Speaking earlier the managing director of Mobil Nigeria said Mobil shares in actions the Governor has taken to mitigate the spread of COVID-19. He said “we share the actions you have taken which we also took complementary actions in our facility to ensure we can protect lives.” He said they have implemented rigorous measures to ensure their facilities are protected. The Managing Director of Mobil went on to outline benefits of Mobil’s activities in Rivers State to include having a fabrication yard in the state, regular payment of taxes, ground rent and tenament rates The highpoint of the visit was the presentation of a RNA COVID-19 testing machine to the state government to help boost the testing capacity of the state. (Channels TV) ABUJA - The Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN) has reacted to the arrest of some of its members by Rivers State Government stressing they have broken no law. The group in a statement by its Exxon Mobil branch on Friday called on all stakeholders to… April 17, 2020 In "Top Stories" Rivers Governor, Nyesom Wike, has called on the Federal Government to stop playing politics with the fight against the coronavirus pandemic. The governor said to defeat the pandemic, all the tiers of government must work together insisting “the nation does not need the nature of politics being played by the… April 30, 2020 In "News" In a bid to stop the importation of the novel Coronavirus to the state, Rivers state governor, Nyesom Wike, has declared that any oil worker who intends to come into the state for work, must present his or her COVID-19 test result before they will be allowed access into the… May 5, 2020 In "Politics"