By Afusat Agunbiade-Oladipo  Ilorin  –  Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara has sworn in five new judges for the Kwara State High Court, urging them to adhere strictly to their oath of office to be fair. AbdulRazaq stated this on Wednesday in Ilorin at the swearing in attended only by top echelon of the state judiciary and a few other senior government officials in line with the COVID-19 safety protocols. The new judges were: Funsho Lawal, a former permanent secretary and solicitor general of the state ministry of justice; Olanipekun Sherifat Bola, a Registrar at the state High Court and Hussein Kawu, a Deputy Registrar at the Akure Division of the Court of Appeal. Others were Nureni Kuranga, a Deputy Chief Registrar (Admin) at the state high court Ilorin; and Umar Jubril, a senior magistrate Grade II in the state. “The judicial oath enjoins you to administer justice without fear or favour, ill-will, or affection. “This oath is a solemn promise and only a firm commitment will see to its accomplishment “As you assume office as judges, it is imperative that you apply yourself religiously in accordance with your oath of office towards ensuring that justice is done and is seen to have been done at all times.” AbdulRazaq said. The governor said the new judges have each paid their dues in public service and that their new positions were a new call to a greater service to the state and the country. “This administration is determined to support the judiciary in the quest to stand on a solid footing with adequate complement of judicial officers and relevant facilities to perform its functions “To this end, the state government has a comprehensive plan for gradual renovation of court buildings across the state within the limits allowed by the global economic meltdown “The modest achievements recorded so far clearly point at our resolve to make things a lot better than we met them”, he added. In his remarks, Kwara State Chief Judge Suleimani Kawu, said the new appointees underwent competitive screening and were deemed qualified at every stage of the nomination exercise that started in August, 2019. Kawu also commended the Governor for his support to the judiciary since he assumed office last year May, including the rehabilitation of the State High Court Complex and four courtrooms in Ilorin metropolis. He thanked the governor for the approval of similar renovation of courtrooms across the state, and purchase of five brand new Peugeot 508 vehicles for the new judges, among other things. “As an independent arm of government which is conscious of its constitutional responsibility, the state judiciary shall continue to work in harmony with the other branches of government for the greater good of the people of the state. “As recently demonstrated when it made available in the three senatorial districts of the state judges of the lower court to try violators of the lockdown order. “I salute and commend Your Excellency’s steadfastness and pray that Allah will continue to guide, protect and uphold you as you pilot the affairs of the state to greater heights.” Kawu said. Kawu said the appointment of five new judges were the second highest in the history of judiciary in the state. Justice Funsho Lawal, who spoke on behalf of the newly appointed judges, said they would justify the confidence reposed in them by this unique appointment to serve humanity and their creator with integrity in the exercise of judicial duties. She said they would uphold the sanctity of “an incorruptible and independent judiciary in the dispensation of our judicial functions.” (NAN) •Governor AbdulRazaq ILORIN -  The West African Examinations Council (WAEC), on Thursday, officially confirmed that Kwara State Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq sat its West African School Certificate Examination in 1976 at the Government College, Kaduna. The council also confirmed that he had sat the examination using Razaq A.R. as contained in… July 12, 2019 In "Politics" By Abiodun Esan Ilorin - A Federal High Court sitting in Ilorin on Friday struck out a suit instituted by the Ishola Balogun-Fulani  faction of the APC  in Kwara seeking to nullify the nomination of AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq as governorship candidate of the party. Balogun-Fulani had approached the Federal High Court… March 1, 2019 In "Metro" By Abiodun EsanIlorin. -. The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has deployed 2,000 prospective corps members for orientation under its 2019 Batch ‘B’ course at the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp, Yikpata, Edu Local Government of Kwara. The State NYSC Coordinator, Mrs Tosin Ikupolati, made this known on Sunday in a… June 16, 2019 In "Metro"