Nigerians stranded in the United States due to the coronavirus pandemic are on their way home. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that 160 Nigerians, including eight infants, made the first batch of evacuees. They are returning aboard an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787 aircraft under the special flight arrangements by the Federal Government for nationals stranded abroad. In line with the government’s pre-departure infection prevention control guidelines, temperature checks were conducted on the passengers by a special medical team. The plane departed the Newark International Airport, New Jersey, on Saturday around 8:20 p.m. local time (1:20 a.m. in Nigeria on Sunday). It is expected to arrive at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, around noon on Sunday. On arrival, the evacuees would be quarantined for 14 days in Abuja before leaving for their respective destinations in the country. At the airport to coordinate the departure activities were officials of the Nigerian consulate in New York, led by the Consul-General, Mr Benaoyagha Okoyen. Also, around to bid the evacuees farewell was Amb. Tijani Muhammad-Bande, President of the United Nations General Assembly and Nigeria’s Permanent Representative to the UN. He was joined by the Deputy Permanent Representative of Nigeria to the UN, Amb. Samson Itegboje, among others. Speaking to newsmen, Okoyen lauded the evacuees for their cooperation and conduct throughout the process. “It was successful and we are happy that everything was orderly. As you must have observed, the boarding was also orderly,” he said. Source The Nigerian Mission in the US have made changes in the planned evacuation of Nigerians from the US due to the Coronavirus pandemic. The Consulate-General of Nigeria in New York who announced the changes in a statement issued on behalf of the Nigerian Missions in the U.S, said the evacuation… May 6, 2020 In "Politics" Some Nigerians evacuated from the United Kingdom have landed in Lagos. They were evacuated after being stranded by the coronavirus pandemic. Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, confirmed their arrival. According to her: “The first evacuation from the Uk has landed in Lagos. The passengers will be proceeding to… May 8, 2020 In "News" The Canadian Government on Monday evacuated 137 of its nationals out of Nigeria over the coronavirus pandemic. According to Immigration sources, the Canadians were flown out of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport ( MMIA) Lagos aboard an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 aircraft flight ET8201 with registration number ET-ALO. The aircraft… April 6, 2020 In "News"