By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has distributed food palliatives to thousands of residents in the six local government areas of Yobe North Senatorial District in the State. The local governments are: Bade, Nguru, Jakusko, Yusufari, Karasuwa, and Machina, respectively. The Special Assistant (Press) to President of the Senate, Ezrel Tabiowo disclosed this on Thursday in a statement made available to Sundiata Post. According to the statement,  “The gesture by Senator Lawan was aimed at providing relief to residents of his Constituency, who are affected by the lockdown policy following the spread of the COVID-19 disease. The distribution of palliatives was accompanied with the provision of infrared thermometers, chemicals for disinfection, spraying machines, hand sanitizers, face masks, hand gloves and boots. Also to be provided are Personal Protective Equipments (PPE) to some hospitals across the various local governments in Yobe North Senatorial District. The distribution of the palliatives which commenced with a first phase on 28 April, 2020; entered its second phase on May 9, 2020; and will be concluded with a third phase to be carried out on Thursday, May 21, 2020 to compliment the Ramadan celebrations. Among materials already distributed in the two phases are: Seven trucks of Rice, ten trucks of sugar, 4 trucks of millet, and three thousand (3000) cartons of turkey oil among other consumables and food items.    ....Reaches out to constituents with palliatives .....Commends SE Governors on Low COVID-19 Cases ....Makes Case for Expanded CCT ....Wants realistic plans to tackle effects of COVID-19 By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Former Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, has expressed strong optimism that Nigeria and the… April 19, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has appealed for calm over the protests in Sapele, Delta State against the state government's two-week extension of the lockdown. Omo-Agege also condemned, in strong terms, the alleged shooting of one of the protesters… April 16, 2020 In "Top Stories" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Minority Caucus in the House of Representatives has accused the President Muhammadu Buhari led federal government of discriminating against some States in the disbursement of palliative funds and other essential materials meant to cushion the effect of coronavirus pandemic in the country. It, therefore, urged the… April 8, 2020 In "Politics"