Billionaire Aliko Dangote has donated a mobile laboratory able to handle 400 samples daily to augment the testing capacity in Kano state, The Nation reports. Governor Abdullahi Ganduje revealed this on Saturday during a press briefing organised by the state taskforce on covid-19 which took place at the Africa House in Kano. He disclosed that the test centre, with daily capacity of taking 400 samples, is expected to arrive Kano Monday. According to Ganduje, “As we are targeting more Testing Centres in the state, the richest man in Africa, Alhaji Aliko Dangote is donating Mobile Testing Centre with the capacity of testing 400 people daily. The facility is coming to Kano in the next two days, by Monday.” He lamented about the rising cases of positive COVID-19 patients in the state, describing it as “a thing of great concern.” He said, “Though we are aware that with the bouncing back of the Aminu Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital Testing Centre with the capacity of 88 samples per day, and the coming up of another Testing Centre at Bayero University, Kano, with the capacity of 20 samples per day, would mean another rise in the identified positive cases.” Source KANO - Governor Abdullahi Ganduje said at a press briefing on Saturday that the lockdown imposed by the federal government on Kano will be eased to allow for free movement of people within certain periods. Ganduje said the decision to ease the lockdown was taken with the consent of President… May 2, 2020 In "News" •Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State By Muhammad Nur Tijani KANO - Bayero University, Kano (BUK) says it will establish a COVID-19 test centre to help in managing the COVID-19 pandemic in Kano State.The Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Yahuza Bello, disclosed this at COVID-19 press briefing at the… April 26, 2020 In "News" By Rabiu Sani KANO - The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) says it has activated the second Molecular Laboratory in Kano State, to enhance detection and prevent further spread of the coronavirus in the state. The agency via its verified Twitter handle @ncdcgov, on Thursday said the centre had… May 1, 2020 In "News"