ABUJA – The general outcry of a groundswell of Nigerians, seems to be making little impact at the National Assembly, as the Senate, toed the line of the House of Representatives, to introduce its own version of the bill compelling citizens to receive vaccines by force. Entitled: “National Health Emergency Bill” sponsored by the Chairman Senate Committee on Communicable Diseases and Primary Healthcare, Senator Chukwuka Utazi (Enugu North), the bill scaled first reading on Tuesday. The bill was also making for the next stage like a similar one did last week, before it was halted by former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu (PDP Enugu West), who denounced the speed at which it was racing without members getting the draft copies “I rely on Order 41 of the Senate Standing Rule. As a senator, I am entitled to know the details of this Bill. “We want to have copies of the gazetted copies. There is controversy over the same Bill in the House of Representatives. “We don’t want to have the same issue here. We need to be guided to avoid any backlash. I need to read it and prepare ahead of time,” he told the members. Swayed by his submission, Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, directed the Clerk of the Senate, Nelson Ayewoh, to ensure the distribution of copies of the bill to all the senators, deferring the second reading of the Bill till next week to enable Senators study its content. His words: “The copies are ready and everybody will get a copy. We are not taking the second reading immediately. That will be done next week. So, members will have the time to read the contents of the Bill.” The House of Representatives version introduced by Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila, under the banner “Control of Infection Diseases Bill 2020,” had raised a lot of dust within the polity, with Nigerians and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the main opposition to the All Progressives Congress (APC) government in power, lashing out at the lawmakers, especially after it passed both first and reading on the same day. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Bill for an Act to establish the National Electoral Offences Commission and for Related Matters, 2020 (SB. 220) on Wednesday passed passed second reading at the floor of the Senate. The bill sponsored by Senator Kyari Abubakar Shaib (APC, Borno North) and… March 5, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Alleges President being blackmailed to frustrate law •SANs differ over planned documentation  There are indications that the Senate has concluded plans to gazette the Fourth Alteration Bill 2015(Constitution Amendment) today against last Thursday’s Supreme Court ruling that all actions on the revision be suspended by the National Assembly and the… May 11, 2015 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Deputy Senate President and Chairman, Senate Committee on the Review of the 1999 Constitution, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, on Wednesday gave assurance on early completion of the constitution amendment exercise. Ekweremadu, who gave the assurance during the inauguration of the Committee by the Senate President, Senator Abubakar… January 13, 2016 In "News"