President John Magufuli of Tanzania has ordered a probe on the country’s COVID-19 test kits after goat and pawpaw tested positive for coronavirus. President Magufuli while speaking at an event in Chato in the northwest of Tanzania, revealed that the COVID-19 testing kits which had been imported from abroad had “technical errors”. Magufuli said he had instructed Tanzanian security forces to check the quality of the kits, who then randomly obtained several non-human samples, including from a pawpaw, a goat, and a sheep, but had assigned them human names and ages. According to him, these samples were then submitted to Tanzania’s laboratory to test for the coronavirus, with the lab technicians left deliberately unaware of their origins President Magufuli later disclosed that samples from the pawpaw and the goat tested positive for COVID-19, adding it was likely that some people were being tested positive when in fact they were not infected by the Coronavirus. “We extracted a sample from a goat which turned positive. This tells you that something is not adding up,” he stated. “Are we now supposed to quarantine goats and fruits?” President Magufuli questioned. Source The Bauchi State government has confirmed a second case of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr. Aliyu Maigoro, announced this during a press briefing on Thursday in Bauchi. According to him, the second case is a 62-year-old male and a close friend of… March 26, 2020 In "News" The President of Tanzania, John Magufuli has maintained that his government would not shut down churches and mosques over coronavirus pandemic. He made the disclosure on Sunday. According to the president, these are the only places where true healing can be found. “These Holy places are where God is. My… March 25, 2020 In "News" By Philip Dzeremo Makurdi - The Benue Government on Saturday announced the state’s first case of COVID-19 in Makurdi, the state capital. Gov Samuel Ortom made the announcement at a press briefing in Makurdi shortly after an emergency meeting of the State Emergency Response Team (SERT), on COVID-19. Ortom said… March 28, 2020 In "News"