ABUJA – Health Minister Osagie Ehanire has revealed plans by the Federal Government and the Federal Ministry of Health to get the Madagascar herbal cure to COVID-19. The Minister disclosed this on Monday while briefing journalists at the Presidential Task Force briefing on COVID-19. He noted that the plan is to get the herbal product and subject it to analysis to see how it works and how it is used. “Concerning the question on the cure from Madagascar, this has been making the news and we have the promise of being able to get a sample of the herb/botanical product for analysis and also probably use that opportunity to speak with the health authorities particularly the scientific community on how they use it. “We will also give that to the research community with us here (in Nigeria) to examine and do what they can do with it. “We will like to compare the sample with the strain here in our country whether they are identical or similar and see what properties it has. Things like that are normally subjected to analysis to find out how it works,” Ehanire said. The Minister stressed that all countries are interested in finding a cure to the deadly COVID-19 and Nigeria is also looking at all options. He added that before the Madagascar cure can be used in Nigeria, it will be examined, “to make sure they are safe and they work.” (Channels TV) The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, has reacted to criticisms that the Federal Government was not looking inward in the search for COVID-19 cure. He said many traditional medicines that were being suggested by some herbal practitioners in the country as cures for COVID-19 had not been tested and… May 7, 2020 In "News" Chinese medical experts who arrived Nigeria on April 8, 2020 will end their 14-day isolation today. The team of 15 Chinese medical experts who arrived at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, on April 8, 2020, with medical equipment worth about $1.5 million, will complete the mandatory 14-day isolation period… April 22, 2020 In "News" The ECOWAS Commission has dismissed reports that its health institution, West Africa Health Organisation had ordered medicine developed by the Malagasy Institute of Applied Research, Madagascar, for COVID-19 treatment. The regional body said it was aware that several claims of COVID-19 cures had been made in different parts of the… May 7, 2020 In "News"