By Ramatu Garba  Kano  – A Magistrates’ Court sitting in Kano on Wednesday issued a bench warrant for the arrest of Malam Kabiru Ado-Panshekara, the Chairman of Kumbotso Local Government Council in the state for failure to appear before it. The Presiding Judge, Magistrate Musa Ibrahim,issued the warrant following the refusal of the defendant to appear in court to enter his plea over a charge of criminal breach of trust. Prosecution counsel, Mr Salisu Tahir told the court that on May 9, the defendant being the Chairman of Kumbotso Local Government Council was entrusted with the 1,632 forms for the distribution of COVID-19 palliatives. “The defendant dishonestly diverted some of the forms to persons that were not supposed to enjoy the COVID-19 palliatives,” he said. Tahir urged the court to issue a bench warrant to the defendant for his failure to appear before the court since he was properly served court sermon to appear on May 13 at about 9:00 am. He said that the offence contravened section 315 of the penal code law and section 26 of Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Law 2008 (As amended). The defense counsel, Mr Ibrahim Adamu, told the court that he does not know why the defendant was not in court. “One of Ado-panshekara’s aides called me that they are on their way, ” he said. Adamu urged the court to stood down for 30 minutes to enable the defendant appear in court to answer his plea. The court adjourned the case till May 27 for mention. (NAN) By Adaeze Iroha Lagos - The police on Monday arraigned a security guard, Akinrotimi Ifeolu, 60,  in a Yaba Chief Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, after he allegedly failed to produce a suspect he stood surety for, in a cheating case. Ifeolu, who resides at Isheri Oshun, Lagos, is charged with conspiracy, failure… July 22, 2019 In "News" By Moji Eniola Ikeja -   Innocent Chukwuma, the Chairman of Innoson Motors Ltd, on Wednesday in Lagos failed to appear for his scheduled arraignment for the sixth time over alleged fraud. Innoson was scheduled to appear before a new judge, Justice Olusola Williams, at an Ikeja Special Offences Court.… July 4, 2018 In "Top Stories" A Lagos High Court sitting in the Igbosere area has renewed its bench warrant for the arrest of a former Super Eagles captain, Austin Jay-Jay Okocha for alleged tax evasion. This comes after his failure to appear in court to answer to the charge made against him. Justice Adedayo Akintoye… April 15, 2019 In "Top Stories"