Robert EgbeA retired judge of the High Court of Lagos State, Justice Isiaka Isola Oluwa is dead. He was 102 years old.Justice Oluwa died in his home at Ilupeju, Lagos in the early hours of today. The Nation learnt that he will be buried at the Atan Cemetery, Yaba at 4pm, according to Islamic ritesJustice Oluwa will be remembered as the judge that sentenced Lagos socialite, Alhaji Jimoh Isola, a.k.a Ejigbadero, to death for murder of a farmer, Raji Oba over land disputes, in 1975. He was born on June 23, 1918 to Lagosian parents in Cross River State.He attended Forcados Government School, Bonny; St Bartholomew’s School, Degema; Government School, Sapele; and King’s College, Lagos. Justice Oluwa also attended School of Agriculture, Samaru-Zaria, University of London where he studied Law, and Lincoln’s Inn, London, where he was called to the Bar in 1957. The late jurist worked severally as lecturer, Farm Management, University of Ibadan(1949-50), Lecturer, School of Agriculture, Samaru-Zaria, and Extension Manager, Zaria Province. He started his law practice after he returned back to Nigeria from London and formed Oluwa, Kotoye and Co.He was appointed High Court judge on June 1,1974. He retired on June 17, 1983. Justice Oluwa at various times was Member, Board of Governors, Glover Memorial Hall (1965-1974), member, Lagos Town Council, Member,Reorganization of Local Government, Lagos State, and Pro-Chancellor of Lagos State University, Ojo. Also, for many years, he was the chairman of the Association of Lagos indigenous retired judges. By Nicholas Dechi   Makurdi    -       A new Chief Judge (CJ) for Benue, Justice Aondover Ka’Kaan, has been inaugurated. Aged 60, the new CJ now takes over from Justice Adam Onum, who retired from the state service on Oct. 6. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… October 29, 2018 In "News" The judge, who announced the annulment of June 12, 1993, Presidential election, Justice Dahiru Saleh, is dead, The PUNCH reports. He died at the age of 81. The PUNCH learnt that the retired justice died on Thursday afternoon in his hometown, Azare, headquarters of Katagum Local Government Area of Bauchi… May 8, 2020 In "News" Lagos - The Lagos State Deputy Governor, Dr Idiat Adebule, has urged Lagos residents to embrace the new administration as theirs by supporting and keying in to the government policies to drive development. Adebule made the call at a New Year get together she organised for the party leaders and… January 3, 2016 In "News"