Shanghai Shenhua has reportedly offered Odion Ighalo a new deal worth around £360,000-a-week (N180m) amid interest from Newcastle United. According to The Times, Ighalo is set for a return to China. His Manchester United loan deal ends in six days, which was the agreed length when the Red Devils signed him in January. Of course, things have changed since then. The global pandemic means that Ighalo hasn’t been able to see out the season at Old Trafford, as was initially intended. Ighalo wants to stay at United, but talks between the two clubs have allegedly stalled. It now looks like the striker will be heading back to China on Sunday. In order to try and keep Ighalo happy long-term, Shanghai Shenhua have allegedly offered him a new deal. Ighalo would be earning £75million over four years if he accepts, which is around £360,000-a-week. Ighalo’s desire to stay in England may be a problem though. He’s a boyhood United fan, and fans have taken to him quickly despite initial bemusement at his arrival in January. Meanwhile, Sky Sports recently claimed that Newcastle want him. Their huge takeover could go through soon, providing them with major backing in the transfer market. Newcastle may be able to rival Shanghai Shenhua’s riches, but whether that is a good idea is another matter. Ighalo turns 31 this summer and played just 61 minutes of Premier League action before the pandemic hit, so paying such huge money for the ex-Watford man would be a big risk. Source Nigerian striker Odion Ighalo's future at Manchester United is reportedly shaky as his parent Chinese club, Shanghai Shenhua have ordered him to return for full training with the club at the end of this month, when his loan deal with Manchester United expires. Ighalo joined Manchester United on the last… May 25, 2020 In "Sports" Manchester United striker Odion Ighalo has yet to set foot in the club’s training ground since joining on loan from Shanghai Shenhua, British media reported on Thursday. Media reports said this was after he was told to stay away due to concerns over the coronavirus. The flu-like virus has killed… February 13, 2020 In "Sports" Former Nigerian striker, Odion Ighalo, has been ranked second-richest African footballer aged 30 and below in the English Premier League. The raking by The Sunday Times, placed Mohammad Salah of Egypt as the richest U-30 African player in the EPL. With a net worth of £114m, Gareth Bale rated as… May 14, 2020 In "Sports"