As Lagos continues to battle against the COVID19 pandemic, 16 medical doctors in the state have now tested positive for the ravaging virus. This was disclosed in a statement signed and released by the chairman of the Medical Guild, Dr Oluwajimi Sodipo. “This has, unfortunately, led to several healthcare workers infected with COVID-19 and over 16 doctors isolated so far in the state workforce. There may be more doctors who are infected, but from the information available to us, 16 of our members are infected with COVID-19. The current community transmission of COVID-19 has led to a situation where everyone can be designated as a COVID suspect, especially as there are asymptomatic patients as well as those with atypical symptoms.” He, however, said the infected doctors “are doing fine and we don’t have any mortality among our members.” As it stands, Lagos leads the toll of Nigeria’s COVID-19 infections with 1,123 of the overall 2,558 cases. So far, Lagos has discharged 247 patients, while two patients have been evacuated, 16 patients transferred and 30 deaths recorded. Source By David Adeoye IBADAN - A medical doctor at the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan, has tested positive for Coronavirus (Covid-19). Gov. Seyi  Makinde revealed this on his verified Twitter handle on Saturday night. “The COVID-19 confirmation test for one suspected case; a doctor at the University College Hospital Ibadan… April 19, 2020 In "News" The Medical Guild says three of its members at Alimosho General Hospital and Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, had tested positive for COVID-19. Dr Oluwajimi Sodipo and Dr Ismail Ajibowo, Chairman and Secretary of the guild respectively, made this known on Thursday in Lagos on the Instagram account… April 23, 2020 In "News" There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health"