By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja  – The Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) has expressed excitement over the appointment of Prof. Ibrahim Gambari as the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari.The Forum also expressed its readiness to work with Gambari for the progress and development of the country.In a congratulatory message signed by its Chairman and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, in Abuja on Sunday, the NGF expressed confidence in Gambari’s competence for the job.“As you know, this appointment comes with great responsibilities and unconventional demands, requiring candor, discipline, professionalism, loyalty, focus, diligence and the highest level of service.“Your credentials, pedigree, experience and career trajectory both locally and globally speak to your capacity. As State Governors, we are excited about this appointment.“We are available at the sub-national level to work with you as you strive to make a positive difference in our country.“This is even more so now with the exacerbation of our circumstances precipitated by the volatility of oil prices and the COVID-19 pandemic,” Fayemi said on behalf of his colleagues.Fayemi wished Gambari God’s guidance and the best of luck in “the important and challenging assignment.” (NAN) •Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State, just recovered from COVID-19 By Emmanuel Oloniruha ABUJA - The Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) has called for the decentralisation of COVID-19 response as the best chance of nipping spread of the virus in communities in the country. The forum made the call in a communiqué issued… April 22, 2020 In "News" Mogbede Emmanuel Abuja - All Progressives Congress (APC) National Working Committee (NWC) says Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) under Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti will support the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration in entrenching good governance in the country. Malam Lanre Issa-Onilu, APC’s National Publicity Secretary, expressed the view in a statement… May 23, 2019 In "News" By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu - Igwe Lawrence Agubuzu, Chairman of Enugu State Council of Traditional Rulers’ Council, says Prof. Ibrahim Gambari will bring his `three-fold experiences’ to assist the President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. Agubuzu stated this in a congratulatory message issued in Enugu on Thursday and made available to the… May 14, 2020 In "Politics"