Nollywood actress Stella Damasus and her husband Daniel Ademinokan are celebrating their wedding anniversary today May 28th. The beautiful actress took to her social media page to appreciate her husband with kind words. Stella who was previously married to late Aboderin, appreciated him for accepting her with all her madness and baggage. She wrote; “Happy anniversary to us boo @dabishop007 after all these years you still make my heart skip a beat in excitement. I still can’t get my eyes and hands off you. I no know wetin you give me chop but I like am . I love you from the bottom of my heart. I appreciate you for who and what you are. A super supportive and sweet husband and the best father the kids could ever ask for. You accepted me with all my madness and baggage. You helped me in my journey to become the better version of myself. Thank you for being there boo.” Daniel who was previously married to actress Doris Simeon, and they have a son together, Stella has two daughters from her previous marriage. Happy anniversary to us boo @dabishop007 after all these years you still make my heart skip a beat in excitement. I still can't get my eyes and hands off you. I no know wetin you give me chop but I like am . I love you from the bottom of my heart. I appreciate you for who and what you are. A super supportive and sweet husband and the best father the kids could ever ask for. You accepted me with all my madness and baggage. You helped me in my journey to become the better version of myself. Thank you for being there boo. Video edit by @izzybelleimages #happyanniversary #hubby #family #stelladamasus #dabishop007 A post shared by  Stella Damasus (@stelladamasus) on May 28, 2020 at 7:09am PDT  By Pulse Nigerian movie fans and lovers of Nollywood actress, Doris Simeon, have descended on A-List actress, Stella Damasus, blasting her for not urging her live-in lover, Daniel Ademinokan, Doris‘ ex-husband, to return Doris’ son, David, to her. A few days ago, it was all over the news that Daniel… October 29, 2013 In "Entertainment" There are some Nollywood stars who have been married twice and even more over the years. These are some of those stars.  Even though there are plenty of famous couples who have made their love last, Nollywood stars are not so lucky and experience short relationships while other marriages don’t… August 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress, Doris Simeon, seems to have put behind her the collapse of her marriage to movie producer, Daniel Ademinokan, behind her and has decided to move on with her life. Doris who has pushed her energy into her business venture, believes that if a marriage is not working, the… June 12, 2014 In "Style"