Ed Sheeran has reportedly donated £170,000 to his old secondary school. The musician, 29, who went to Thomas Mills High School in Suffolk during his teenage years, is said to have made the contributions in a bid to help find the next global superstar who can follow in his footsteps. Over the past two years, the A Team hitmaker’s charity Ed Sheeran Suffolk Music Foundation has provided the school with cameras, MacBooks and a photography darkroom for its art and IT departments. Holding strong memories for the singer, the facility is where Ed first started penning tracks and met his wife Cherry Seaborn. According to The Sun, a report from the charity’s trustees said: ‘Following grants to Thomas Mills School, this has enabled them to successfully upgrade their Art, IT and Music rooms for students to improve their educational performance. ‘Soundproofing, a new photography studio and several high-end composition and recording software programs have been purchased and installed.’ The school Director of Music Richard Hanley added: ‘Pupils and staff at this school are fortunate to have a benefactor who knows and appreciates the value of the arts in education, how important they are and how they can indeed change lives.’ The foundation which aims to help young people who live in Suffolk with grants to help with studying or playing music has also given £20,000 to a local primary and charity Aldeburgh Hospital League of Friends for a sensory garden project using instruments for patients. Source Most of us with nagging neighbours have to put up with it and hope for the best but if you’re Ed Sheeran, you can just buy their house off them to make the problems go away. Ed’s been working on building himself a mini village after buying up a fourth… July 27, 2019 In "News" Award-winning popstar, Ed Sheeran, who reportedly tied the knot with his long-term girlfriend, Cherry Seaborn in December has now confirmed they are married. Ed Sheeran revealed this on Friday in a new interview on YouTube with Charlamagne The God. The couple got married in December at their home in Suffolk,… July 14, 2019 In "Relationship" London -  Popular British singer Adele added to her list of many accolades the award of best Songwriter of the Year at Britain's Ivor Novello Awards which held on Thursday. The 28-year-old winning Songwriter, whose latest album, ‘25’, shot up the charts around the world upon its release in 2015,… May 20, 2016 In "Entertainment"