By Fortune Abang  Abuja  –  Israel has underscored the need for collective effort across the globe to combat the upsurge of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan, Ambassador of Israel to Nigeria, in a statement on Thursday in Abuja, said that such collective effort had become necessary because COVID-19 had become a “global concern”. According to him, “the outbreak of COVID-19 has become one of the world’s major concerns, affecting the lives of thousands of people across the globe. “The need for a collective effort in combating the upsurge of the COVID-19 pandemic has led the state of Israel to demonstrate its support to Nigeria in the fight.” Ben-Shoshan said that Israel, in collaboration with Skill-G, had donated 2000 protective facemasks to the Ministry of Health, through Mr Osagie Ehanire, the Minister of Health. He explained that the protective facemasks, which were designed in Israel and manufactured in Nigeria, were intended to support medical personnel working tirelessly to tackle the scourge. He said that the Embassy had been working closely with the health ministry on the project since the outbreak of the disease. “This contribution expresses concern for the wellbeing of Nigerian medical staff who are on the frontline of the fight against the virus. The gesture is also to thank them for their sacrifices in this trying time.” He expressed appreciation to Agrited, RCC, Skill-G, EMI and other Israeli companies in Nigeria, for donating thousands of food items and relief materials to Nigerians under the lockdown. The Ambassador expressed the confidence that the donation would not only empower Nigerians, but also help to cushion the effect and spread of the pandemic. (NAN) The Embassy of Israel in Nigeria on Thursday donated 2,000 protective face masks to support Nigerian medical personnel in the ongoing fight against the coronavirus pandemic. Ambassador of Israel to Nigeria, Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan, while delivering the face masks to the Minister of Health, Mr Osagie Ehanire, said the items… May 7, 2020 In "News" •L-R: Coordinator, Abuja Zonal Office, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Mr. Zailani Musa Attah, who represented the NIMASA DG, Dr. Bashir Jamoh; Permanent Secretary, General Services Office, Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Sir Olusegun Adekunle Esq; and Secretary to the Government of the… April 13, 2020 In "NIMASA & Maritime" By Chiazo Ogbolu Lagos - Mr Boss Mustapha, Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, has called for cooperation from all sectors in the fight against the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.Mustapha said this while receiving volunteer personnel, ambulance, buses, and… April 13, 2020 In "News"