By Ramatu Garbage  Kano  –   Five people were confirmed dead, while five others sustained varying degrees of injury in an accident that occured on Wednesday on Rimin Gata road. The incident, which involved a lorry and a golf car, happened in Ugogo Local Government area of Kano State. Alhaji Saidu Muhammad, the Public Relations Officer, Kano State Fire Service, confirmed the incident in a statement in Kano. Muhammad said that the accident occurred at about 7.18a.m when the two vehicles had head-on collision. “The Tipper Farkas with registeration number QF 435-NSH and Golf car with registeration number KMC-828 ZV coming from opposite directions had head-on collision,” he said. Muhammad attributed the course of the accident, which involved 10 people, to speeding. He noted that the five people were rescued. “We received a rescue call from Rimin Gata Ungogo Local Government at about 7.18a.m through Malam Usman Aminu Iguda. “On receiving information, we quickly dispatched our personnel and vehicles to the scene of the incident to rescue the victims. “The victims were evacuated to Murtala Muhammad Specialist Hospital where five people were confirmed dead, while the other five are receiving treatment,” he said. Muhammad appealed to motorists to always obey traffic regulations so as to stay alive and minimise accidents on the road. (NAN) By Muhammad Nasir Bashir Dutse - No fewer than seven persons died in an accident involving a Peugeot 206 and a Golf 3 car along Maigatari road, in Maigatari Local Government Area of Jigawa. SP Abdu Jinjiri, the spokesman of the state Police Command, told newsmen in Dutse on Monday… July 29, 2019 In "Metro" By Bosede Olufunmi Kano - Kano State Fire Service says one person died while seven others sustained injuries when two vehicles had a head-on collision at Naibawa en’katako on the ever-busy Zaria road in Kano. Alhaji Saidu Mohammed, spokesman for the fire service told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… January 24, 2019 In "News" By Muhammad Bashir   Dutse,   -    No fewer than five persons have died in an auto crash involving three cars along Birninkudu-Kano road in Birninkudu Local Government Area of Jigawa. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the incident occurred at about 7 p.m. on Sunday at Kwanar Gangare.… September 24, 2018 In "Metro"