ABUJA – Minister of foreign affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, has said that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) have agreed to fund part of the evacuation cost of Nigerians from abroad. Mr Onyeama, who disclosed this on Monday at the Presidential Task Force Briefing on COVID-19, noted that the agreement also involves making funds available for the accommodation of the evacuees when they touch down in Nigeria. The minister, who had at a different briefing, noted that the evacuation of Nigerians from Dubai, UK and New York, has been successful, however, stressed that Nigeria is reaching a saturation with regards to the process of evacuating its citizens from across the world. While revealing that over 600 evacuees are now in Lagos and Abuja, the Minister in his update session last Monday said the process is reaching a saturation point, adding that the ministry will now stagger the process a bit, as to allow some space before bringing more citizens into the country. Mr Onyeama stated that there are still so many Nigerians outside still needing evacuation, assuring that more will be brought in when those on ground have been better sorted. He admitted that a lot went wrong with logistics in the case of passengers who were transported to Abuja, but assured that better arrangement will be made to prevent any future recurrence. The federal government has said Nigerians living abroad interested in returning home on account of the coronavirus pandemic will pay before their evacuation to Nigeria. A report by Punch revealed that the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama made this known on Friday, saying standed Nigerians abroad will be required… April 13, 2020 In "News" No fewer than 10 Nigerians, out of the 40 persons subjected to the mandatory COVID-19 test for those who registered in the United Kingdom to return home, have tested positive. The results of the tests, which were released on Monday in London, indicated that the 10 individuals were asymptomatic, raising… April 14, 2020 In "News" 256 Nigerians evacuated from Dubai, United Arab Emirates have arrived Nigeria and will now undergo 14 days isolation. The Nigerians were received by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control. The returnees arrived at the international wing of the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Lagos, on Wednesday night. Foreign Affairs Minister, Geoffrey… May 7, 2020 In "News"