The Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the immediate posting and redeployment of 11 Commissioners of Police to various Commands and Formations. The postings and redeployment are as follow: Edo State, CP Johnson Babatunde Kokumo; Osun State, CP Undie J. Adie; Bauchi State CP Lawal Jimeta Tanko; Ebonyi State, CP Philip Sule Maku; Gombe State, CP Ahmed Maikudi Shehu; Ondo State, CP Bolaji Amidu Salami; Oyo State, CP Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu; Eastern Port, CP Evelyn T. Peterside; Explosive Ordinance Device (EOD), CP Okon Etim Ene; Airport Command, CP Bello Maikwashi; and Anti-Fraud Unit (FCID Annex Lagos), CP Olukolu Tairu Shina. In a statement by the Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Force Headquarters, Abuja, DCP Frank Mba, the IGP charged the newly posted officers to ensure they “consolidate and advance the gains of their predecessors particularly in the implementation of community-policing, crime prevention, public security, public safety and general crime fighting.” Adamu also enjoined the citizens to cooperate with the Commissioners of Police to enable them succeed in their new areas of responsibilities. The Nation •IGP Mohammed Adamu ABUJA - The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu on Thursday, November 14, 2019 ordered the immediate posting/redeployment of the seven Commissioners of Police across the country. A statement from Force Headquarters Abuja listed the affected states and police commissioners as follows: Cross River State – CP… November 15, 2019 In "Metro" The Inspector-General of Police, Ag. IGP Mohammed Adamu has ordered the immediate redeployment of the Commissioner of Police in charge of Kaduna State, CP Ahmed Abdulrahaman and five others. CP Abdulrahaman who has been posted to Force Intelligence Bureau at the Force headquarters, will be replaced by CP Aji Janga,… May 1, 2019 In "News" Abuja - The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Solomon Arase has approved the redeployment of 19 Assistant Inspectors General of Police (AIGs) and 49 Commissioners of Police. This is contained in a statement issued by the Deputy Force Public Relations Officer, CSP Abayomi Shogunle on Friday in Abuja. Among those redeployed… August 28, 2015 In "News"