Former Big Brother Naija Housemate Iheme Faith Uloma better known as Ifu Ennada has revealed that she prefers older men to younger men. According to the Abia State-born quite outspoken diva, she is considering saying ‘yes’ to the marriage proposal of a man much older than her. She says, “I have a man that has proposed marriage to me. We have been friends for a couple of years and he is much older than I am. I like and would want to date an older man because they are more inspiring. Men that are within my age bracket would be more about the latest iPhone, TikTok’s videos, and all sorts of trends.” I can’t marry a man that’s 3 years older than me. What will I do with him? Teach him A, B, C? I know there are some guys in that age group that are mature upstairs, but most of them will have me playing mother role before I even become a mother. I helped my mum with my younger siblings and currently, I basically play mother role. I need a breath of fresh air. I want to be somebody’s pet for once, that’s why I would prefer older men to younger ones.” Beautiful Ifu who claims she is still a virgin added that she had concluded on becoming a mother in few years time, married or not. “In the next 3 years, I’ll have a daughter or a son or both, married or not.” The Nation Former Big Brother Naija (BBN), Double Wahala edition, Ifu Ennada has opened up on how she rejected an offer to act in a porn film. She spoke about turning down the request from an older man on Instagram, saying, though things were really hard for her when she was approached,… August 24, 2018 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija 2018 housemate, Ifu Ennada, has caused uproar on the internet after disclosing her urge to have sex with Lolu. Recall that Ifu Ennada had on Wednesday during a diary session with Big Brother said she was horny and may end up having sex with Lolu if he… March 8, 2018 In "Entertainment" Dee-One from ongoing reality show Big Brother Naija recently told Naij.com who he thinks was going to win the show. He also revealed who was being fake in the house and who is real. The comedian also explained his beef with another rising comedian Ebiye. Why did you -a married… February 26, 2018 In "Entertainment"