Youths of Enugwu -Ukwu in Njikoka local government area of Anambra State have gone on rampage following the death of one of their colleagues on Wednesday night. They burnt fires at the old Onitsha -Enugu road, alleging Policemen killed their colleague while trying to enforce the curfew order. The protest forced commuters to avoid the route as the State Police Command deployed its men to quell the situation. The Enugwu Ukwu axis of Ezi Elias was blocked by the angry youths in their numbers, stretching to Nimo community axis in the same Council Area. The youths overwhelmed the policemen, which forced them to shooting sporadically in the air to disperse the adamant crowd The Nation gathered the victim was a barbing apprentice and an only son from Adagbe Avomimi village of Enugwu Ugwu. A source, who spoke with The Nation, said the young man was heading home from work around few minutes after 8pm when he was killed. According to him: ” As he was walking along Nimo road, he saw some policemen from Nimo station running after him to arrest him and he took to his heels. “In the cause of the drama, an oncoming shuttle bus knocked him down and instead of the police to rush him to the hospital, they took him to the station where he died. “We have lost about three youths in Anambra State in the name of enforcing lockdown and it’s related policies. “Officially, we have not recorded any coronavirus related death in Anambra State but we have had about three deaths from police enforcement concerning lockdown and Curfew directives in the state,” the source lamented The Police Public Relations officer, Mohammed Haruna, confirmed the death However, he said it was a case of fatal accident involving an old man, who according to him, was trying to run away from the presence of police because of the curfew but unfortunately ran into a moving vehicle. He said not only the Command had deployed its men to maintain peace and order. The Nation By Chimezie Anaso Awka - The Enugu Electricity Distribution (EEDC) on Monday said that about nine communities were affected by the power outage resulting from vandalism of Enugwu-Ukwu 33KV line. Mr Emeka Ezeh, Head of EEDC Communications Department, made this known in a statement made available to newsmen in Awka.… December 9, 2019 In "News" By Joy Mbachi Enugwu-Ukwu -   Mrs Elizabeth Okafor, a community leader, has underscored the importance of the installation of traffic signs at strategic points, especially where markets, schools, public and private institutions are located. Okafor made the call on Tuesday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria… May 22, 2018 In "News" By Joy Mbachi Enugwu-Ukwu - Mr Valentine Ayika, former Anambra State House of Assembly has described the just concluded  House of Assembly elections in the state as a black day for democracy. Ayida made the claim in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Enugwu-Ukwu Community… March 10, 2019 In "News"