Algerian and Angers winger, Farid El Melali was arrested after he was allegedly caught masturbating in public in France. The Algeria international had only just signed a contract extension until 2023 with Ligue 1 club Angers earlier on Monday before he was allegedly seen later in the evening masturbating while peering into a female neighbour’s flat. The footballer’s lawyer Sandra Chirac-Kollarik said: “He wasn’t targeting anyone, and wasn’t aggressive towards anyone.” The winger admitted an “inappropriate attitude” when police arrested him questioning. He has since been charged with indecent exposure. El Melali is said to have claimed that he thought he was alone in the courtyard of the building in question. He was released but will be “tried soon in the context of a pre-conviction appearance, the equivalent of a guilty plea,” add Le Parisien. The prosecutor alleges there is an allegation against El Melali for a similar offence in April, although the witness was reportedly unable to identify him. The Algerian footballer is expected to be fined by his club. Angers have acknowledged the situation but said they will “wait for the decision” before commenting further. Source According to a report by The Nation, there was panic in Ilasa Ekiti in Ekiti East Local Government Area of Ekiti State where a herdsman hacked his girlfriend to death. The herdsman whose name was not disclosed reportedly chopped off the head of a young lady with a machete. The… June 13, 2019 In "News" About two weeks after police officers arrested 30 women at different night clubs in Abuja, another 70 women have been arrested. The latest arrests were done on Saturday night and the victims were taken to and detained at a police station, a witness said. Martin Obono, a lawyer and activist,… April 29, 2019 In "Metro" LONDON  - Bournemouth have signed Liverpool England under-21 international Jordon Ibe on a four-year contract with the south-coast club describing the winger as a "huge prospect". The 20-year-old made 58 first-team appearances for Liverpool after joining the club's academy from Wycombe Wanderers in 2011. Neither club disclosed the transfer fee,… July 15, 2016 In "News"