By Doris Esa Abuja  –  The Federal Government has declared Monday 25 and Tuesday 26 May, 2020 as public holidays to mark 2020 Eid-el-Fitr celebration. The Minister of Interior, Mr Rauf Aregbesola, made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government, through a statement by the Director Press and Public Relations of the Ministry, Mr Mohammed Manga, on Thursday in Abuja. Aregbesola congratulated all Muslim faithful for the successful completion of the Ramadan fast. He called on Muslims to replicate the life of kindness, love, tolerance, peace and good neighbourliness, as exemplified by the Holy Prophet Muhammad. The Minister expressed concern about the spate of ethnic conflicts that have resurfaced in some parts of northern Nigeria in recent times. He advised Nigerians to see themselves as a single entity and thus learn to tolerate one another despite their ethnic and religious differences. Aregbesola assured Nigerians that the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari “is fully committed to battling the scourge of COVID-19 with the cooperation of all Nigerians.” He commended the security agencies for the successes so far recorded in the fight against the Boko Haram insurgency in the Northeast. The minister, however, called on Nigerians to take responsibility against the spread of COVID-19 and also stay safe by observing physical and social distancing, personal and respiratory hygiene as well as other regulations issued by relevant authorities. Aregbesola reminded Muslims to always obey constituted authorities as stated in the Glorious Qu’ran 4:59 where Allah says: ‘O ye who believe! Obey Allah, and obey the Messenger, and those charged with authority among you. ‘If ye differ in anything among yourselves, refer it to Allah and His Messenger, if ye do believe in Allah and the Last Day: That is best, and most suitable for final determination’. The minister wished all Muslims a happy Eidul -Fitr celebration. (NAN) The Federal Government has declared Monday and Tuesday as public holidays to mark Eldi Fitri Celebration. The Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, made the declaration on behalf of the Federal Government in Abuja. Aregbesola congratulated all Muslim faithful for successful completion of the Ramadan fast. A statement by the… May 21, 2020 In "News" By Oladele Eniola Badagry   -    De Aholu Menu-Toyi I, the Akran of Badagry, on Friday urged Muslims to use the Eid-el-Fitr period to pray for the unity and peace of  Nigeria. The Akran told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Badagry that Muslim faithful and Nigerians should use the occasion… June 23, 2017 In "News" By Doris ESA Abuja -  The Federal Government has declared Friday June 15, and Monday June 18 as public holiday to celebrate the 2018 Eid- El Fitr. The Minister of Interior, Retired Lt.-Gen. Abdulrahman Dambazau, made the declaration on Monday in Abuja on behalf of the Federal Government in a… June 11, 2018 In "Top Stories"