By Muhammad Adam  Yola  –  Gov. Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa says his administration has reduced and managed farmers and herders conflicts in the state within his one year in office. Fintiri made this known to newsmen on Monday in Yola. He said one of his administration’s agenda was to ensure the peace and stability of people of the state for sustainable economic growth. “Today, I can beat my chest that within one year in office, we are able to manage and reduce the frequent conflicts between farmers and herders in the state. “In addition, our administration has successfully dealt with kidnapping and banditry activities to a minimum level. “The recent resurfacing of criminal ‘Shilla boys’ activity in the state was traced to be supported by some miscreants who returned back to the state as a result of COVID-19 lockdown,” Fintiri said. He assured people of the state that the Shilla boys activity would soon become history as appropriate action was being taken to deal with the criminals. On rural road projects, the governor said that his administration had embarked on completion of some abandoned projects in seven local government areas. “I went round all the 226 wards in the state during my campaign and what I observed is need for road networks. “The sack of staff of the State Polytechnic, Yola, was done with good intention to restore the quality and standard of our education. “I see no reason why people with Ordinary Diploma (OD) or NCE would be allowed to be lecturers in our Polytechnic,” he said. The governor noted that among those that were sacked from the services of the state Polytechnic were those that did not possess genuine certificates. Fintiri said he was focused and well prepared before he came to power as governor and is ever ready to face any challenge that would help move the state forward. “I am focused, because I came to power well prepared and so far so good,” he said. (NAN)  Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State on Saturday presented staff of office to the new 1st Class Chief of Lunguda Kingdom, Mr Kuruhaye Dishon II, with appeal that he and his fellow traditional leaders can do a lot to curb crime by guiding their people appropriately. Speaking in the course… February 22, 2020 In "News" By Muhammad AdamYola - The North East Commodity Association (NECAS) has inaugurated 600 new tractors to facilitate national food security and production. Inaugurating the tractors in Yola, Mr Sadiq Daware, the National Chairman of the association, said NECAS was established to empower farmers across the north east region. Daware said… July 7, 2019 In "News" Mafindi Umaru Danburam, leader of the Miyetti Allah group in the North-East, has dissociated his colleagues from the endorsement of President Muhammadu Buhari credited to the national body. The group also endorsed the candidature of Atiku Abubakar, presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Danburam recently resigned his position… February 3, 2019 In "Top Stories"