One of the two people to survive a plane crash in Pakistan that killed 97 people onboard has described jumping from the burning wreckage of the aircraft after it hurtled into a residential neighbourhood, the Agence France Presse, AFP, reports. The Pakistan International Airlines plane came down among houses on Friday after both engines failed as it approached Karachi airport, the airline said. Its wings sliced through rooftops, sending flames and plumes of smoke into the air as it crashed onto a street, sparking a rescue operation that lasted until the early hours of Saturday. The 97 victims had been on the plane, the provincial health ministry said, while four people on the ground were injured after earlier reports on Friday suggested some residents had been killed by the crash. Pakistan’s deadliest aviation accident in eight years came days after commercial flights resumed ahead of the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr. Planes had been grounded during a two-month lockdown because of the coronavirus pandemic. “After it hit and I regained consciousness, I saw fire everywhere and no one was visible,” passenger Mohammad Zubair, 24, said from his hospital bed in a video clip circulated on social media. “The cries were everywhere and everybody was trying to survive. I undid my seat belt and I saw some light and tried to walk towards it. Then I jumped out.” Zubair had suffered burns but was in a stable condition, a health ministry official said. The airline named the other survivor as the president of the Bank of Punjab, Zafar Masud. Source By Babatunde Abdulfatah Islamabad - An inquiry has been launched into Friday’s plane crash that left 97 people killed in Pakistan’s southern port city of Karachi, the country’s Aviation Minister said on Saturday. Apart from the investigation board formed by the government, a team from the aircraft’s makers will also… May 23, 2020 In "Foreign" A passenger plane with 98 people on board crashed in a crowded neighborhood on the edge of the international airport near Pakistan’s southern port city of Karachi Friday after what appeared to be an engine failure during landing. Mayor Wasim Akhtar said at least five or six houses were destroyed… May 22, 2020 In "News" Islamabad - At least 19 people were killed early on Tuesday when a Pakistani army plane crashed into a residential area in Rawalpindi while on a training flight, rescue officials said. The military said in a statement on Tuesday that the small aircraft crashed into houses on the outskirts of… July 30, 2019 In "Foreign"