By Oluwaseyi Oduneye-Ogunwomoju  Ibadan  –  A member of the Oyo State House of Assembly, Mr Olasunkanmi Babalola, on Friday described the death of Mr Kehinde Ayoola, the Oyo State Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources, as a huge loss to the state. Babalola told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ibadan that Ayoola’s death would create a huge vacuum in Oyo State’s politics. “I received the news of his death with shock and I’m yet to recover from it. He was a great man who had the citizens’ interests at heart. “All he wanted and worked for was the advancement of the state to greater heights. He was a visionary and a great leader. “He made so many remarkable impacts in the politics of Oyo State and he would be missed dearly. He contributed immensely to the development of our dear state. “When he was the speaker several years ago, he did absolutely well and was a good contributor, he left behind a huge legacy that can never be forgotten,” he said. NAN reports that Ayoola was the Speaker of the Oyo State House of Assembly during the administration of late Gov. Lam Adesina. The Oyo-born politician represented Oyo East/Oyo West Constituency in the State House of Assembly between 1999 and 2003 under the defunct Alliance for Democracy (AD). He also served as the Director-General (DG) of Gov. Seyi Makinde’s Campaign Organization under the Social Democratic Party (SDP) in 2015. In 2019, he was the Deputy DG of the Omituntun Campaign Organization that ushered the present administration in Oyo State into power. (NAN) By Akeem Abas   Ibadan    -       Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State has described the sudden death of Alhaji Taofeek Oyerinde, the state’s Chairman of the National Union of Road and Transport Workers(NURTW), as depressing and tragic. This was contained in a statement signed by his… August 22, 2018 In "News" By Chidinma Ewunonu-Aluko Ibadan - Gov. Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo State has donated N5 million to Union Baptist Church, Ekotedo, Ibadan, toward immortalising the late Mrs Mariam Popoola, the mother of a former military administrator of Oyo State, retired Gen. Oladayo Popoola. The governor, who announced the donation at the… February 1, 2019 In "News" By Akeem Abas Ila-Orangun (Osun) -  The Presidency,  Oyo and Osun State Governments as well as the ruling APC  on  Wednesday  condoled with elder statesman, Chief Bisi Akande,  on the death of his wife, Omowunmi. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the deceased,  who was   73, died on… July 12, 2017 In "News"