Barcelona  – Soccer clubs in Spain’s top two divisions will return to individual training this week for the first time since activity was halted due to the coronavirus pandemic, while organisers will aim to re-start the season in June, La Liga said on Monday. A statement from the organising body said clubs would follow the league’s protocol for returning to training which had been agreed with Spain’s sports and health authorities and which guaranteed the safety of players and staff. The protocol obliges players to undergo testing for the novel coronavirus before they can return to training facilities. “These measures cover a period of approximately four weeks with different phases that, in any case, will be subject to the de-escalation process established by the government. “Thus, together with the medical tests carried out by clubs, a staggered return to training has been implemented that will start with players training alone and with group activities prior to the return to competition, scheduled for June,” said the statement. (Reuters/NAN) Barcelona (Spain) - Barcelona coach, Quique Setien, is pessimistic that the Spanish top flight season will be able to be completed and has called La Liga’s conditions for the campaign recommencing “a non-starter” due to the continued threat of the novel coronavirus. La Liga has been on hold since March… April 16, 2020 In "Sports" Barcelona - The Spanish government has given the green light for professional athletes to be tested for coronavirus by their clubs from May 4, which may pave the way for the eventual return of La Liga. The National Sports Council (CSD) met with GTID, a task force for sports in… April 30, 2020 In "Sports" Real Madrid have gone into quarantine after one of the players in their basketball team tested positive for the coronavirus, leaving all activity at the club’s Valdebebas training ground suspended with immediate effect. The decision came at the same time as La Liga announced that it will suspend the competition… March 12, 2020 In "Sports"