A businesswoman, Hassana Shuaibu, has appealed to a Kubwa Grade 1 Area Court to dissolve her marriage to Shuaibu Abdullahi. Her reasons are his alleged drunkenness and refusal to pray, NAN reports. The applicant reminded the court that in 2018, she sought dissolution of her marriage in court on the same grounds. Shuaibu recalled that Abdullahi entered an undertaking then, with a promise to change his attitude. “My husband still drinks beer and refuses to perform the five times obligatory Islamic prayers. He has also refused to observe the Muslim fast. I pray the court to dissolve my marriage on grounds of his drunkenness, refusal to fast and dislike,” she said. The woman further told the court that she got married to Abdullahi over 30 years ago and both have six children. Speaking, Abdullahi pleaded guilty and begged the court to give him time to settle with his wife. The Judge, Muhammad Adamu ordered them to settle based on Abdullahi’s admission. He warned that the marriage would be dissolved if settlement fails. Adamu adjourned the matter until May 27. ILORIN - A housewife, Bashirat Akeem, on Friday prayed an Area Court in Ilorin to dissolve her five-year-old marriage because her husband, Sodiq Akeem, was fond of keeping late nights. Bashirat, 31, who resides in Edun area of Ilorin, Kwara, told the court that her husband always keep late night… May 16, 2014 In "Metro" By Aisha Gambo Kaduna, - A housewife, Shamsiyya Dikko, on Thursday begged a Sharia court l sitting at Rigasa, Kaduna  to dissolve her marriage with Aminu Umar, over his refusal to pray. The complainant who resides at Rigasa, also prayed for divorce on grounds that Umar was an alleged drug… September 26, 2019 In "Metro" ILORIN - An Ilorin Area Court on Thursday dissolved the  four-year-old marriage between one  Ranti Olaiya and her husband, Bankole, on the ground of lack of maintenance of the home. Ranti, a 28-year-old  resident of  Tanke area of  Ilorin,  had prayed the court to dissolve her marriage over  his failure… October 9, 2014 In "News"