US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at removing some of the legal protections given to social media platforms BBC News has reported. The executive order, gives regulators the power to pursue legal actions against firms such as Facebook and Twitter for the way they police content on their platforms. However, Trump’s order is set to face legal challenges as the social media platforms he targets will not take it lightly. President Trump accused social media platforms of having “unchecked power” while signing the order. Legal experts says the US Congress or the court system must be involved to change the current legal understanding of protections for these platforms. Mr Trump has regularly accused social media platforms of stifling or censoring conservative voices. On Wednesday, Mr Trump accused Twitter of election interference, after it added fact-check links to two of his tweets. On Thursday, Twitter added “get the facts about Covid-19” tags to two tweets from a Chinese government spokesman who claimed the coronavirus had originated in the US. What does the executive order say? The order sets out to clarify the Communications Decency Act, a US law that offers online platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube legal protection in certain situations. Under Section 230 of the law, social networks are not generally held responsible for content posted by their users, but can engage in “good-Samaritan blocking”, such as removing content that is obscene, harassing or violent. The executive order points out that this legal immunity does not apply if a social network edits content posted by its users, and calls for legislation from Congress to “remove or change” section 230. Mr Trump said Attorney General William Barr will “immediately” begin crafting a law for Congress to later vote on. It also says “deceptive” blocking of posts, including removing a post for reasons other than those described in a website’s terms of service, should not be offered immunity. Republican senator Marco Rubio is among those arguing that the platforms take on the role of a “publisher” when they add fact-check labels to specific posts. “The law still protects social media companies like Twitter because they are considered forums not publishers,” Mr Rubio said. “But if they have now decided to exercise an editorial role like a publisher, then they should no longer be shielded from liability and treated as publishers under the law.” Source Twitter founder, Jack Dorsey Jack Dorsey, Twitter CEO has tackled President Donald Trump as he revealed why the US President's tweets on mail-in-ballots was fact-checked. He also responded to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s comment that Twitter should not be “an arbiter of truth”. Dorsey rejected Zuckerberg’s tag, and explained Twitter’s… May 28, 2020 In "News" Twitter issued a fact check of some of Donald Trump’s tweets on Tuesday, marking the first time the U.S. president’s favoured social media platform has pushed back against him spreading falsehoods. The move, which almost immediately heightened tensions between Trump and the social media giant, came in the form of… May 27, 2020 In "Foreign" Washington - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday accused social media platforms Facebook, YouTube and Twitter of favoring his Democratic opponents over him and his fellow Republicans. “But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA. “MAGA refers to Trump’s 2016 campaign slogan, Make America Great… March 19, 2019 In "Foreign"