Five humanoid robots have been delivered to Rwanda to assist in both patient screening and delivery of foods and drugs to those suffering from COVID-19, the respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. BBC reported that the country’s health minister, Daniel Ngamije made the announcement on Tuesday May 19. He also disclosed that the robots were brought in to reduce the exposure of health workers to COVID-19 patients. Ngamije Said; “We need additional robots for other duties like disinfection in public space and we are working to get them.” The 5 robots which were named Akazuba, Ikizere, Mwiza, Ngabo and Urumuri, are manufactured by a Belgium-based company. Rwanda’s health ministry says the units have a number of abilities, including: Screening 50 to 150 people per minute Recording and storing patient data Alerting health workers to abnormalities Warning people who aren’t wearing marks, or are wearing them improperly There are two Coronavirus treatment facilities in Rwanda, one is on the outskirts of the capital Kigali and the other in the south-eastern town of Nyamata. Source The Borno State Government says no fewer than 16 health workers have been infected with COVID-19 since the outbreak of the disease in the state. The 16 in Borno are among the 113 health workers infected with the virus across Nigeria. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Salisu Kwaya-Bura, made this… May 3, 2020 In "Health" Food delivery robots are seen in front of the Broad Branch Market grocery store in the Chevy Chase neighborhood of Washington, DC, on April 9, 2020. – The store began using the robots about two weeks ago and makes 10-15 deliveries a day within a limited area of the neighborhood.… April 16, 2020 In "Foreign" The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Thursday, revealed that 113 health workers had been infected with COVID-19. Ehanire, who disclosed this at the press briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 in Abuja, said they included workers in the public and private health facilities. He, therefore, reiterated… May 1, 2020 In "Health"