David Adeleke, Nigerian Afropop singer better known as Davido, has announced plans to release ‘A Better Time’ his new album, in July. The music superstar took to his social media page on Saturday night to make the announcement to his numerous fans. “Album. July … A Better Time,” the ‘OBO’ crooner wrote on Twitter. Davido also announced that he would be having a collaboration with Nicki Minaj, Trinidad-born rapper, which would be produced by Speroach Beatz. “OBO X Nicki Minaj prod by Speroach!! BARBZ ,” he added. ‘A Better Time’ comes about five months after Davido had released ‘A Good Time’, his 17-track project, which featured several music heavyweights including Chris Brown, an American R&B singer; Popcaan, a Jamaican dancehall deejay; Peruzzi; Naira Marley among others. The announcement also comes amid the coronavirus pandemic that has continued to ravage several countries across the globe. Since his foray into the Nigerian music industry, the singer has become a sensation with strings of projects. He has also earned a slew of awards and a huge fanbase. Source •Davido and Chris Brown  By Anita Eboigbe ABUJA - Afropop singer David ‘Davido’ Adeleke and American pop singer, Chris Brown have released their anticipated collaboration, ‘Blow My Mind’.  Davido tweeted the song’s release on Friday via his handle iam_davido. He said, “Blow my mind out now.” The collaboration was first… July 26, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja - African music star, David Adedeji Adeleke popularly known as Davido (omo baba olowo), has signed a record deal with Sony Music Entertainment at its headquarters in New York City. The deal makes the `Skelewu’ crooner the first African to enter into such deal with the international label. According to a… January 22, 2016 In "Style" David Adedeji Adeleke, better known by his stage name Davido, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, and record producer. He was born in Atlanta and raised in Lagos. Davido made his music debut as a member of the music group KB International. He studied business administration at Oakwood University before dropping… October 27, 2019 In "Features"