By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  –  President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday telephoned President Mahamadou Issoufou of Niger Republic to commiserate with him on the death of the country’s Minister of Employment and Labour, Mohammed Ben Omar . President Buhari’s condolence message was conveyed in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Monday. The Nigerian leader also extended heartfelt condolences to the government and people of Niger Republic and the family of the deceased over the unfortunate loss. The President described the late cabinet Minister as a highly endowed and dedicated politician who gave his best for the progress, prosperity and socio-economic development of his country. President Buhari prayed God to comfort the family of the deceased, and grant the soul of the departed eternal rest. The late minister was onetime spokesperson for the Nigerien government under President Mamadou Tandja, and also served in the Nigerien parliament. (NAN) By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday evening spoke to Nigerien President Mahamadou Issoufou on the telephone to commiserate with him, the government and people of Niger Republic, over the terrorist attack of Jan. 9 in the country. Suspected Islamic militants attacked a military base in Chinagodrar,… January 13, 2020 In "News" By Ismaila Chafe Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Chief Audu Ogbeh, over the death of his younger brother, Clement Ogbeh. In a condolence message issued by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, the President also… March 30, 2018 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The duo of the Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, and his deputy, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, on Monday expressed deep shock and sadness over the death of the Minister of State for Labour and Productivity, Chief James Ocholi, his wife and eldest son in an accident on… March 7, 2016 In "Top Stories"