YOLA – The American University of Nigeria (AUN), Yola, has disengaged 400 of its staff. This came to light on Tuesday when the university, owned by Nigeria’s former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, announced that it no longer needed their services. The AUN is the second Yola enterprise of Atiku to sack staff in five days, as last Workers Day, May 1, Atiku’s Gotel Communications, a TV/Radio firm, sacked 46 workers. President of the AUN, Dawn Dekle signed the letters disengaging the 400 university workers. The university immediately issued a statement, however, explaining why the workers had to go. The Vice President in charge of University Relations of the AUN, Abubakar Abba Tahir, said the action by the institution is part of it’s restructuring for sustainability. Abubakar Tahir said, “Certain structural elements have been initiated by the new Governing Council of American University of Nigeria (AUN), in response to NUC requirements, mandating the institution to align with an approved governance structure for all tertiary institutions operating in the country. “Until now, AUN has operated a student-staff ratio which balance had continued to affect the sustainability of the university. This is clearly an uncommon and hardly workable tradition in all institutions and organisations around the world. Obviously it is unattainable. “Thus, consequent upon the university’s new Governing Council vote to restructure the institution in line with its agenda for sustainability, a process of workforce rationalisation has been in the pipeline. “It is now time for the university to look back, look around and look ahead, to ensure that realistic and globally competitive administrative practices can be achieved in structure, strategy and focus.” The American University of Nigeria (AUN), Yola, has disengaged 400 of its staff. This came to light on Tuesday when the university, owned by Nigeria’s former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, announced that it no longer needed their services. The AUN is the second Yola enterprise of Atiku to sack staff… May 5, 2020 In "News" YOLA (Sundiata Post) - The American University of Nigeria (AUN) founder and former Nigerian Vice President Atiku Abubakar has donated his birthday presents of four cows and 250 kg (five bags) of granulated sugar to Internally Displaced Persons living in and around the Adamawa State capital, Yola.  Three of the… December 8, 2016 In "News" Former Vice President and Founder, American University of Nigeria (AUN), Atiku Abubakar, has urged the Federal Government not to renege on its responsibility of providing qualitative and affordable education to its teeming citizenry, in order to give the country a comparative advantage among the comity of nations. Speaking over the… November 16, 2014 In "News"