Bayelsa State leaders from Ward Five in Ekeremor Local Government Area have endorsed the aspiration of former Governor Seriake Dickson to contest the Bayelsa West Senatorial bye-election. Different stakeholders have been calling on the former governor to contest the poll to represent the zone, which comprises Ekeremor and Dickson’s Sagbama local government areas. Before the recent endorsement by Ekeremor youths, prominent Ijaw leaders including Alhaji Asari Dokubo and chieftains of both the Ijaw National Congress and the Ijaw Youth Congress endorsed Dickson as their candidate for the forthcoming Bayelsa West senatorial by-election. Bayelsa West seat was vacated by Lawrence Ewruhjakpo when he became the deputy governor of the state. Rising from a meeting in Ekeremor the ward leaders said they consulted widely and critically assessed the credentials and antecedents of everyone jostling to represent Bayelsa West at the Senate. They said following the outcome of their investigations, they decided to endorse former Dickson. In a communique signed by 42 leaders, among whom were Morris Eyilade, Livingstone Egbemor, Mike Ebiasuode, Soukeme Bekekeme and Ebikabowei Omoro, they contended that Dickson represented a true and audible voice to push for the interest of the Ijaw in the red chamber. They said: “We are confident that he (Dickson) will as always be a true and audible voice to push our people’s interest and by extension the Ijaw nation as he is tested and trusted in the House of Representatives. “We, therefore, call on every progressive minds in Sagbama/Ekeremor to support this noble course in our collective interest. “Let us show our appreciation for the Sagbama/Ekeremor road, Bayelsa State Polytechnic, Aleibiri, health and education facilities among many other things he did for our zone when he was governor.” The Nation The immediate past Speaker of the Bayelsa Assembly, Monday Bubuo-Obolo resigned his position following an agreement he reached with leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) before the November 16, 2019 governorship election, it was learnt at the weekend. It was learnt that Obolo, who emerged speaker replacing Tonye Isenah… February 22, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The All Progressives Congress (APC) recorded a setback on Thursday as over 2,000 youths from Ekeremor Local Government, the home base of its governorship campaign director, Senator Heineken Lokpobiri declared their support for the incumbent governor of Bayelsa State, Henry Seriake Dickson of the Peoples Democratic… November 5, 2015 In "Politics" YENAGOA (Sundiata Post) -Bayelsa State Governor, Henry Seriake Dickson, on Saturday, condemned the electoral malpractice and violence which disrupted the supplementary elections in Brass, Nembe, Ekeremor town and parts of Southern Ijaw Local Government Area. Over 14 people, including four policemen, two soldiers and eight civilians were feared dead in… January 9, 2016 In "Top Stories"