The founder and leader of Glorious Word Power Ministry International Reverend Isaac Owusu-Bempah has come out to reveal some secrets about his former son Prophet Badu Kobi. In the wake of the exposé of some fake Prophets in the country, Renowned preacher and founder of Glorious Wave Church International Emmanuel Badu-Kobi name were mentioned as one of the fake pastors in the country. Some people who have been following him for long started saying that if Badu Kobi is fake then it means his spiritual father Owusu-Bempah is also one of the fake prophets in the country. This comment has made Rev. Owusu Bempah come out and tell all that he knows about his former son Badu Kobi. According to Owusu Bempah, at first Badu Kobi was his spiritual son but he(Badu Kobi) decided to indulge in some evil dealings which he warned him about. He continued that he was told by one person that Badu Kobi has started walking with Angel Obinim who has influenced him to join an occultic group. Rev. Owusu Bempah disclosed that he had noticed the sudden change in his son and therefore called and sat with him to warn him against the path he is now choosing to go adding that it was dangerous. The preacher disclosed that he remember he called him to tell him not to sacrifice his son but rather he should bring him so he heals him. But because he was seriously bent of carrying out orders from his occult group, he failed to listen to him and went ahead to sacrifice his son. Watch the interview below: Source: ghpage.com By Chibuike  Nwabuko Abuja(Sundiata Post) - Acting Director, National Orientation Agency (NOA), Bauchi State, Nuru Yusuf Kobi has assured Igbo community in Bauchi State of adequate security and safety of life and property. Nuru and his management team, gave the assurance at the weekend when they paid an advocacy visit… September 4, 2017 In "Top Stories" JOS - Alhaji Mohammed Badu, Plateau Commissioner for Information and Communication, has advised losers in the just concluded party primaries to work with the winners. Badu told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday, in Jos, that every politician has his/her appointment time saying those who lost today may… December 21, 2014 In "News" There are some Nigerian pastors who found love again after their first wives died. These are some of those pastors.  Over the years, some of the known church founders in Nigeria had taken the option of retaking their marriage vows after losing their first wives to the cold hands of… September 23, 2019 In "Entertainment"