Former Arsenal captain, Cesc Fabregas, says he made Nigerian Nwankwo Kanu angry during their time at the London club. The Spanish midfielder, now with Monaco, joined the Gunners as a teenager in 2003 from Barcelona and was highly rated by manager Arsene Wenger, but largely unknown to the more established Arsenal stars. The 33-year-old revealed that while trying to impress the manager and his teammates in his first training at the club, he tackled Kanu, which made the Nigerian unhappy. “My first training when I joined Arsenal, I was all in my head trying to impress and I made a tackle on Kanu and he was so upset with me,” he told Arsenal legend, Thierry Henry, during an Instagram live video monitored by our correspondent. “When you’re young, sometimes you don’t think; you just want to go there and prove yourself without realising that you’re playing alongside World Cup winners. At that moment you just want to do your best and most times, the passion gets the best out of you,” he added. Both players featured for the Gunners for one season before Kanu left for Portsmouth in 2004, after spending five years at the club. Fabregas went on to become a club legend at the North London side, scoring 57 goals and providing 92 assists in 304 appearances. Source By Anita Eboigbe   Abuja   -     Kanu Nwankwo’s wife, Amara and his fans have continued to shower encomiums on the football legend who turned 42 on Wednesday. Kanu, who is the first Nigerian football player to be named ‘African Player of the Year’ twice, is regarded as one of Nigeria’s… August 1, 2018 In "Entertainment" Lagos, Feb. 10, 2016 (NAN) Nigerians on Wednesday said that former international, Nwankwo Kanu’s elevation to the top 48 football legends worldwide should be an encouragement to young African footballers. The International Federation of Football History and Statistics (IFFHS) had on Sunday named Kanu in its Hall Fame. The sports… February 10, 2016 In "Sports" By Martyn Herman LONDON  - Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, for all his admirable qualities, has faults. He is not gracious in defeat, he is as stubborn as a mule and he often suffers from selective vision, to name a few. But as the charismatic Frenchman prepares to mark 20 years… September 30, 2016 In "Sports"