The Chairman, Senate Committee on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Peter Nwaoboshi, on Wednesday, denied any link to a firm that is allegedly being paid N1billion monthly by the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). Nwaoboshi, who was reacting to several allegations of fraud against him and other members of the National Assembly by officials of the agency at a press briefing in Abuja, described all the claims of “fake projects” and “padding” of the NDDC’s budget as tissues of lies. The lawmaker representing Delta North in the Upper Chamber also challenged the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the agency to approach the anti-graft agencies with facts, if they have any, to enable them conduct a proper investigation rather than using the media to blackmail the National Assembly. He however said that no amount of mudslinging would stop the ongoing probe of the IMC by the Adhoc Committees already constituted for that purpose by both chambers of the National Assembly. Details shortly… The Nation The Senate has set up an Adhoc Committee to probe alleged financial recklessness by the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). The committee chaired by Senator Olubunmi Adetunmbi (Ekiti North) is to, among others, unravel the alleged spending of N40 billion by the IMC in… May 5, 2020 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Senate on Wednesday summoned the Accountant-General of the Federation (AGF), Ahmed Idris, to appear before it over the non-remittances of some Federal Government agencies' contributions to the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). This was sequel to the directive from the Chairman of the Senate Committee on… February 3, 2016 In "Top Stories" The Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has expressed the readiness of its Interim Management Committee (IMC) led by Prof. Keme Pondei to appear before the National Assembly following an allegation of N40bn scam. The commission’s Director, Corporate Affairs, Charles Odili, in statement in Port Harcourt on Friday, said though there… May 8, 2020 In "News"