BY Kemi Akintokun Lagos  –  A Medical Researcher, Dr Babatunde Adewale, has urged the three tiers of government to provide the enabling environment to aid the medical researchers’ works during public health emergency. Adewale, also Head, Public Health and Epidemiology Department, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Yaba, Lagos, gave the advice on Friday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos. According to him, Nigeria is blessed with human capital, both at home and abroad, and they are doing great. “We can do more than what we are doing now, if government can provide the enabling environment in terms of resources. “This country is highly endowed with human capital, both at home and abroad, they are doing greatly in the medical field,” he said. Adewale commended the efforts and strategies which governments had been using in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. According to him, there is always room for improvement in every of effort adopted by governments. “We must understand something, and that is the beauty of what Nigeria is doing; though, it seems to be slow. “The technique being used, which is the reverse transcription Polymerase chain reaction, is a good technique. “When a result is positive or negative, it is definite; unlike a dollar test kits that some countries are using which may give a wrong result, and that is dangerous when talking about diagnosis. “We still need to step up our resources as a nation to have more COVID-19 testing laboratories in order to increase the possibility of a larger outreach,” he said. The medical researcher said governments should not relent on its COVID-19 enlightenment, as the country continued to record more cases. He said enlightenment on the pandemic should be intensified, because of misleading information and propaganda being circulated about the virus. “COVID-19 is real, but many people are being misled about the situation on ground; and that is why governments need to intensify their enlightenment about the virus. “Most especially, people at the grassroots need to be educated on the reality and risk involved in order to curb the spread,” he said. Adewale said the development of vaccine for the virus would be a game changer, noting that Africans should not be used as guinea pigs for vaccine testing. “The development of vaccine against COVID-19 is good, but it is not something that can be done over night, because it takes processes. “But, vaccine should not be developed in Europe or America and bring to Africa in order to use Africans as guinea pigs for vaccine testing,” he said. (NAN) By Yinusa Ishola Omu-Aran (Kwara) - A trado-medical practitioner, Mr Sunday Gbakanladow, has called for recognition, promotion and patronage of traditional medicine by government and other stakeholders towards combating infections and diseases. He made the call on Monday during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Omu-Aran,… March 30, 2020 In "News" By Lilian Okoro Lagos - Some operators in the health sector have expressed mixed reactions to the proposed Federal Government’s plan to accept medical team from China to assist in the fight against Coronavirus (COVID-19). They spoke in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in… April 6, 2020 In "Health" LAGOS - The Nigerian Thoracic Society (NTS), on Wednesday said there was need for better management of respiratory conditions and lung health to reduce respiratory system diseases. Prof. Etete Peters, National President of NTS, said this in Lagos at the 2014 Annual Scientific Conference of the society with theme: ``Emerging… November 12, 2014 In "Health"