Three and a half years after ascending throne, Oba of Benin, Omo N’Oba Ewuare II has welcomed a baby boy into the royal house. The ruler of Benin made the announcement on Monday, according to a report by Nigerian Tribune. The traditional ruler was installed on October 20, 2016. Oba Ewuare who disclosed this at a press briefing at his palace through the Iyase of Benin, thanked God and the ancestors for the baby, noting that mother and child are alive, hale and healthy. “By the grace of the almighty God and the benevolence of our ancestors, the Benin Traditional Council on behalf of His Royal Majesty, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Ewuare II, Oba of Benin and the Royal Palace of Benin Kingdom, joyfully wish to announce that Her Royal Highness, Queen Iyayota of Benin Kingdom has been delivered of a bouncing baby boy. “The prince and his mother are in execellent health and good spirits,” the traditional ruler said. “It is our prayers that the prince will grow in good health and that he shall be blessed immeasurably by the Almighty God and, the great royal ancestors with the wisdom, kindness and generosity, knowledge and courage of his illustrious father, His Royal Majesty, Omo N’ Oba N’ Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Ewuare II,” he prayed. Source Benin - The Benin Monarch, His Royal Majesty, Omo N’Oba Ewuare II, has urged parents to put up moral characters worthy of emulation by the children. Oba Ewuare said this at a reception party in honour of children as part of the New Year celebration at his palace in Benin… January 4, 2020 In "News" Abuja - President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sadness over the passing away of the highly revered traditional ruler of Benin Kingdom, Omo n'Oba n'Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Erediauwa. A statement issued in Abuja on Friday by the president’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, said president Buhari… April 29, 2016 In "News" ASABA (Sundiata Post) - Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has said he received with s‎adness and an immense feeling of great national loss, news of the translation of the highly revered traditional ruler of Benin Kingdom, Omo n’Oba n’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Erediauwa 1, the 38th Oba of Benin… April 30, 2016 In "News"