By Aderemi Bamgbose  Igbokoda (Ondo State)  – Mr Banji Okunomo, a former Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ondo State, has emerged the sole governorship aspirant from Ilaje Local Government Area of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the development is ahead of the party’s primaries for the forthcoming governorship election in October. Banjo Ikunogbon, the PDP Secretary in Ilaje LGA, made this disclosure in a statement on Thursday in Igbokoda. He stated that Okunomo, in a resolution passed by 21 out of the 30 executive members of the party in the LGA, emerged the sole aspirant among four aspirants: Chief Olusola Ebiseni, Prince John Ola-Mafo and Chief Godday Erewa. A copy of the resolution made available to newsmen was signed by Mr Leke Ajimisan, Mr Olajide Aladetan, Mr Omosehin Okunomo, Deputy Chairman, Legal Adviser, Youth Leader respectively and 18 other PDP executives in the council area. Ikunogbo added that the party examined all the aspirants and found out that Okunomo, a former chairman, Ilaje LGA, had all what it would take, and being a youth to pilot the affairs of the state, if eventually presented as the party’s flag bearer. He also said that the executive was not supporting Okunomo for any financial gains but for the betterment of the oil rich LGA, saying that they would give him the needed support to become the party’s flag bearer. “Out of 30 PDP executives in Ilaje LGA, 21 of us have appended our signatures to support Okunomo to be our sole aspirant not for any financial gain, but for the betterment of our council and Ondo State. “The oil rich LGA cannot afford to lose the opportunity of producing the next governor of Ondo State after we waited endlessly for all the governorship aspirants to put heads together and pick one person as the sole governorship aspirant. “We will ensure that we give Okunomo our full support at the primaries and ensure that he becomes the party flag bearer,” the statement read. NAN reports that Omotehinse Oladipupo, the PDP chairman, Ilaje LGA and eight other executive members, decided to be neutral; by not giving their support to any of the aspirants for personal reasons. (NAN) Igbokoda -  Mr Agunola Omomowo, the Executive Chairman of Ilaje Local Government of Ondo State, has advised his councilors to fulfill their electioneering promises. He said that fulfillment of the promises would justify the confidence reposed in them by the electorate. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the… May 4, 2016 In "Politics" Former Governor of Osun State, Mr. Olagunsoye Oyinlola, has denied reports that he has defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, saying he remains “a cornerstone” of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and would ensure his party attains victory in the August 9 governorship election in the… July 2, 2014 In "Politics" IGBOKODA - The PDP in Ondo State on Saturday elected Mr Adewale Kukute as its candidate for the forthcoming Ilaje/Ese Odo Federal Constituency by-election slated for April 5. INEC had declared the seat vacant following the death of Mr Raphael Nomiye, who had been representing the constituency. Nomiye, 50, who… March 9, 2014 In "Politics"