Lagos Commissioner for Health Prof. Akin Abayomi, on Friday said the State may record between 90,000 and 120,000 cases of coronavirus by July or August when it reaches the peak. Abayomi disclosed this at a news conference at the Secretariat, Alausa, Ikeja while giving updates on coronavirus in the State. He said the state was yet to reach the virus peak, which will likely be around July and August. Abayomi stated that Lagos has ramped testings to reach large number of people in a bid to flatten the curve. He attributed the increase in cases being recorded to the decentralisation of sample collection to the 20 Local Governments. According to him, if government had not been proactive, Lagos would have recorded 6,000 cases rather than the 1,491 cases it has. Abayomi disclosed that Alimosho, Oshodi and Isolo have begun to record more COVID-19 cases. He, however, noted that 97 percent of positive cases at its isolation centres were mild and moderate cases. Only three percent were severe cases, according to him. The Commissioner said COVID-19 mortality rate has been mainly among males, adding that males with pre-existing ailments such as diabetes, cancer, hypertension and others are prone to die. He said 80 people at the State House, Marina, including the governor and his family were tested and only 10 people were found to be positive. He said the 10 positive staff of the State House, Marina, have been taken to isolation centres. The Nation The Lagos State Ministry of Health has released names of two men wanted for being among the persons who had primary contact with Nigeria’s index coronavirus case. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, gave their names as Enwelunta Obumnore Godfrey (Male); and Salami Abiodun Sadeeq (Male). The… March 10, 2020 In "News" •Prof Akin Abayomi, Lagos State Commissioner for Health  LAGOS - The Lagos State government has confirmed the death of two more coronavirus (COVID-19) patients at its isolation centres in the state. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Professor Akin Abayomi, announced this on Tuesday while giving an update on… April 21, 2020 In "Health" As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News"