Another Coronavirus patient has been discharged in Abia state after testing negative for the virus. Dr. Azubuike K. Onyebuchi, the medical director of Federal Medical Center, Umuahia where the patient was discharged from, said in a statement made by Sunny Emmanuel Irokansi, a Customer Care Officer of the facility, that the female patient whose result correlates positively with her clinical condition was discharged in line with the updated NCDC treatment guidelines. Onyebuchi also disclosed that they have successfully managed all their COVID-19 patients with 100% survival. The Statement Reads In Full; It is with great joy that I announce to you that our second COVID 19 patient has tested negative. The result correlates positively with her clinical condition which has improved remarkably. Therefore, in line with the updated NCDC treatment guideline, she has been discharged today from the isolation facility. Therefore, to the glory of God we have successfully managed all our COVID 19 patients with 100% survival. As an institution we will continue to leverage on the experience gained from this success, in the management of subsequent COVID 19 patients and others with similar conditions. The management wish to appreciate all doctors, nurses, and other staff involved in the treatment of the patients and their contacts, and assures that their efforts will not go unrewarded. We are also grateful to Abia State Government and National Centre for Disease Control for their immense support. Finally, I enjoin all staff to continue to maintain high level of vigilance and the practice of standard precautions in the provision of care to patients. Management on its part will continue to develop appropriate policies in response to the epidemic, strengthen our risk communication and intensify effort in the provision of personal protection equipment”. Abia has so far recorded 10 confirmed cases of Coronavirus. Source Lagos State has discharged 21 more coronavirus patients. The state Ministry of Health disclosed this on Sunday evening via Twitter. The ministry noted that the patients all tested negative twice for the virus upon treatment before they were allowed to reunite with the society. It said the patients comprised four… May 10, 2020 In "Health" Lagos State has discharged 21 more coronavirus patients. The state Ministry of Health disclosed this on Sunday evening via Twitter. The ministry noted that the patients all tested negative twice for the virus upon treatment before they were allowed to reunite with the society. It said the patients comprised four… May 11, 2020 In "News" Some private hospitals, which shut down operations after some of their staff members became exposed to coronavirus patients, have given details of how carriers of the deadly virus came to their facilities. Findings by SUNDAY PUNCH revealed that the affected hospitals had suspended operations to decontaminate their facilities and adhere… April 26, 2020 In "Health"