London  –  Non-essential retailers are to be allowed to reopen in England in June, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced on Monday evening. Shops selling clothes, furniture, electronics or books, as well as auction houses and tailors are to be allowed to offer their services again from June 15. Outdoor markets can reopen as of June 1. Retail premises must be made “COVID-secure,” Johnson said. On March 23, Johnson closed all stores that did not serve primary needs as part of efforts to contain the coronavirus pandemic. Supermarkets and pharmacies remained open. The prime minister had already announced on Sunday that schools in England would be opened again for certain classes from June. Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland are going their own way in the fight against the coronavirus. Britain is the country with the most COVID-19 victims in Europe. So far, 36,914 deaths have been recorded, Johnson said on Monday evening. It is believed there is also a high number of unreported cases. (dpa/NAN) •Britain’s Prime Minister Boris Johnson walks out of 10 Downing Street to give a statement in central London on April 27, 2020, after returning to work following more than three weeks off after being hospitalised with the COVID-19 illness. /AFP LONDON - Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday made his… April 27, 2020 In "Foreign" The UK government has announced June 15 for the re-opening of all non-essential retail stores as part of plans to further ease the lockdown measures. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday night disclosed this at the daily Downing Street press conference. He said some easing of retail will begin… May 26, 2020 In "Foreign" •Boris Johnson, British PM LONDON - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been moved to intensive care in hospital after his coronavirus symptoms "worsened", Downing Street has said. A spokesman said he was moved on the advice of his medical team and is receiving "excellent care". Mr Johnson has asked… April 6, 2020 In "Foreign"