The attention of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has been drawn to a videomaking the rounds on social media alleging that the Nigeria Diaspora Commission wasignominiously thrown out of the NCC building. It is therefore important that the general public isacquiesced with what really transpired with regard to the incident leading to the evacuation ofthe Diaspora Commission from the NCC building.Following the completion of the NCC building at Mbora, Abuja designated as NCC Annex andthe acute shortage of accommodation space for the staff of the Commission in the NCC HeadOffice at Maitama, Abuja, the Board of the Commission directed the decongestion of the HeadOffice Building. Some of the Departments of the NCC had started moving to the new OfficeComplex of Five (5) Floors when discussions were held between the NCC and the DiasporaCommission to enable the Diaspora Commission also utilize any free Offices within theComplex. The fifth floor allocated to them had to be used to accommodate other Departmentsfrom the NCC Headquarters to ease the congestion. NCC’s offer to house the Nigeria DiasporaCommission was predicated on the long held position of the NCC that agencies of Governmentwill achieve more through strategic collaboration, partnership, synergy and sharing to the extentallowed by relevant laws.During this period, the NCC secured approval for the Commissioning of the Office Complex bythe President, His Excellency Muhammadu Buhari and the launching of four important projectsof the NCC and the renamed Ministry of Federal Ministry of Communications and DigitalEconomy (FMC&DE):1.Launching and unveiling of the Nigerian National Broadband Plan 2020 – 2025;2.Commissioning of the Communications and Digital Economy Complex;3.Launching of the Emergency Communications Centre and Toll-Free number 112; and4.Flag off of the Digital Innovation and Entrepreneurship TrainingThese important projects were a culmination of extensive collaboration between NCC and theother Parastatals of the FMC&DE and fittingly the Complex was renamed theCOMMUNICATIONS AND DIGITAL ECONOMY COMPLEX in tandem with the new drive of theFederal Government towards a digital economy.The NCC has not withdrawn the offer but had hiccups arising from the preparation for the visit ofPresident Muhammadu Buhari to inaugurate the Communications and Digital EconomyComplex and launch other projects relating to the mandate of government. The Board and Management of the NCC took a decision to ensure that every activity in the building was in linewith the Federal Government’s digital agenda.Incidentally, after the offer of the office spaces to the Diaspora Commission, the DirectorGeneral, Mrs. Abike Dabiri-Erewa had not visited the Complex to take possession of any of theoffices and also the Commission had not started using any of these spaces as offices.As is usual in ensuring security and accountability before, during and after presidential visits, thebuilding had to be cleared to allow for only known and identifiable persons to have access withinthe Complex. Therefore the Honourable Minister of the Federal Ministry of Communications andDigital Economy Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami could not have sent armed men to drive the staff ofthe Diaspora Commission out of the Communications and Digital Economy Complex.At this time, only NCC Staff were accredited to have access within this premises as required bythe security officials. All the properties belonging to the Diaspora Commission are safelywarehoused in some of the Offices in the Complex. This is contrary to the position of theDirector General of the Nigerian Diaspora Commission, Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa that theremoval of her Commission from the building was punitive. This is not the correct position andwe agree with her that there are always challenges in every human activity but the unforeseenchallenges that arose in this case are not different but require understanding of all concerned.SIGNED:Dr. Henry NkemaduDirector, Public AffairsNigerian Communications Commission May 24 2020. By Constance Athekame Abuja -  Mr Tony Ojobo, the Director of Public Affairs, Nigerian Communication Commission (NCC) on Wednesday said the commission was consulting widely with stakeholders on data floor price. Ojobo said this in Abuja while briefing newsmen on the recent increase and suspension of the price of data.… December 8, 2016 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has denied an online publication that it gave N300 million to Nigeria Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA). A statement by NCC Management signed by Director, Public Affairs, Dr. Henry Nkemadu, said “no agency of the federal government gives subvention… March 29, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Jessica Dogo Abuja - The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) on Thursday in Abuja says that it will place six infrastructure service providers,to roll up for fibre across the country to improve quality of service. The Executive Vice Chairman (EVC), NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta said this during the 2019 African… December 19, 2019 In "News"