By Ismaila Chafe  Abuja  – President Muhammadu Buhari has commended President of the African Development Bank, Nigeria’s Dr Akinwumi Adesina, over the clean bill of health given him by Board of Directors of the financial institution. The president made his feelings known in a statement released by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina, in Abuja on Thursday. President Buhari noted that a report dated May 5, 2020, signed by Niale Kaba, Chairman of the Bureau of the Board of Governors, indicated that Dr Adesina had been exonerated of allegations against him by whistleblowers. The allegations were thoroughly investigated by the Ethics Committee of the Board of Directors, and a recommendation made to Governors of the African Development Bank, and African Development Fund. “On the basis of the results contained in the report of the committee, I am of the view that we should adopt its conclusions by declaring that the President is totally exonerated of all the allegations made against him,’’ the report by Kaba indicated. According to President Buhari, Adesina has served the African continent well, and has made his motherland proud. He wished him greater successes in the position of responsibility he occupies. (NAN) All the eight candidates contesting the presidency of the African Development bank (AfDB), including Nigeria’s minister of agriculture and rural development, Dr Akinwumi Adesina, rounded off their campaign at the weekend and now await declaration of the winner on Thursday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the declaration… May 26, 2015 In "News" LAGOS - All the eight candidates contesting the presidency of the African Development bank (AfDB), rounded off their campaign at the weekend and await declaration of the winner later this week. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the declaration of a new president will be made on May… May 25, 2015 In "News" By Mustapha Sumaila Abuja - The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has endorsed the candidacy of Dr Akinwumi Adesina, the President of African Development Bank (AfDB) for a second term. The decision was announced in a communique signed by  the commission’s President, Jean-Claude Kassi at the end of… December 23, 2019 In "News"