A 113-year-old woman, believed to be the oldest person living in Spain, has beaten the coronavirus at the retirement home where several other residents died from the pandemic, the residence said Tuesday. Maria Branyas, who was born in the US, was infected with the virus in April at the Santa Maria del Tura care home in the eastern city of Olot where she has lived for the past 20 years and fought the infection in isolation in her room. “She survived the disease and is doing fine,” a spokeswoman for the residence told AFP, adding Branyas had only displayed mild symptoms of the disease. “She feels good now, she took a test last week and the result was negative,” the spokeswoman said without giving further details. Branyas, a mother of three, was isolated in her room for weeks, with only a single employee decked in protective gear allowed in to check on her, according to Catalan regional television TV3 which broadcast images of the centenarian. In the video, Branyas can be heard calling the staff at the residence “very kind, very attentive”. When an employee asks her for the secret of her long life, Branyas replied simply that she was lucky to enjoy “good health”. The care home, which was founded in 1969 and has room for just over a hundred residents, has recorded “several” coronavirus-related deaths during the pandemic, the spokeswoman for the residents said. Branyas’ daughter Rosa Moret told the station that her mother was “in shape, wanting to talk, to explain, to reflect, she has become herself again”. Several articles have been published in Spanish media in recent years about Branyas, considered to be the oldest person in the country. She was born on March 4, 1907, in San Francisco where her father who was from northern Spain worked as a journalist. Branyas moved to Spain with her family aboard a boat during World War I (1914-18) and also lived through the Spanish flu pandemic that swept the world in 1918-19 as well as Spain’s 1936-39 civil war. Spain has been one of the worst-affected countries in the world by the pandemic, with nearly 27,000 COVID-19 deaths recorded so far, according to health ministry figures. The elderly are especially vulnerable and in Spain, as in other European countries, the coronavirus has claimed many victims among seniors living in retirement homes. (AFP) The confirmation of the third coronavirus case in Nigeria on Tuesday woke the Federal Government from its slumber as it rolled out a number of measures to stop the spread of the disease in the country. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, at a press conference in… March 18, 2020 In "News" Ayishat Akanbi A Nigerian lady, Ayishat Akanbi, warns blacks to disregard the claim that coronavirus cannot affect them Ayishat says her warning is because she just lost a cousin who is a medical doctor as a result of the virus The Nigerian lady says her cousin who died from the… March 14, 2020 In "News" By Tom Miles GENEVA  - The wrong diagnosis of a woman suffering from the MERS coronavirus led to more than 49 other patients and medical staff being exposed to the disease in a Saudi hospital, the World Health Organization said in a statement on Tuesday. The unnamed 49-year-old from Buridah… June 21, 2016 In "Foreign"