The Taraba State Government on Tuesday said it has discharge all coronavirus patients from its isolation centre after they recovered from the virus. As at Monday, the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, recorded 17 confirmed Coronavirus cases for Taraba, with one discharged so far. But Taraba’s Deputy Governor, Haruna Manu, said the patients were discharged after successful treatment protocols and series of test which returned negative and certified them free of the virus. Speaking in a statewide broadcast on Tuesday, Manu said the development meant that there is no active coronavirus case in the state, adding that the feat was achieved with concerted efforts of the government, health workers in the frontline against the virus and other stakeholders in the state. He thanked the citizens for their adherence to health and safety measures put in place by health experts and the government, but warned that the state was still at risk of the pandemic if citizens lower the bar on all safety and precautionary measures. “It is important for me to say that even with the present zero active cases of COVID-19 infection in the state, we cannot yet say that we are completely free of the risk of infection. “We must, therefore, remain committed to those international protocols introduced by the World Health Organisation and which have been domesticated to serve our needs and purpose in the state,” he said. Source Two patients receiving treatment for coronavirus in Kwara state have been discharged from the hospital. Raji Abdulrazaq, commissioner for health, broke the news in a tweet on Thursday afternoon. “I am happy to announce to you all that we just discharged two index cases of #COVID19 in Kwara State after… April 16, 2020 In "News" Nairobi/Kinshasa - Kenya, Ghana, and Gabon, on Friday reported their first confirmed cases of infection with the new coronavirus. In East Africa, Kenya reported one case on Friday, while in West Africa, Ghana reported two cases just as Gabon said it had logged one case. This, however, raised the total… March 13, 2020 In "Foreign" Kenya, Ghana, and Gabon, on Friday, reported their first confirmed cases of infection with the new coronavirus. In East Africa, Kenya reported one case on Friday, while in West Africa, Ghana reported two cases just as Gabon said it had logged one case. This, however, raised the total number of… March 13, 2020 In "News"