Gunmen suspected to be herdsmen in the early hours of Wednesday shot a popular pastor in Plateau State, Bayo Famonure, his wife and two children, Punch Metro reports. It was learnt that Famonure, founder of Calvary Ministries (CAPRO), was shot alongside his wife and children by the hoodlums at their residence in Gana-Ropp community, Barkin Ladi Council Area of the state. A source close to the family, who confirmed the incident told our correspondent in Jos, said the pastor and his family had been rushed to hospital for treatment. The source said, “Bayo, his wife and two children were shot by gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen. Bayo was shot in the foot, his wife in her back and their children in the legs. “But they are lucky to be alive after the attack.” The Public Relations Officer of the police in the state, ASP Ubah Gabriel, who also confirmed the incident, said they had beefed up security in the community. He added that they were on the trail of those behind the attack. Source  Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Clergyman who is the founder of Calvary Ministries (CAPRO) Pastor Bayo Famonure, his wife and two children were shot on Wednesday by gunmen at his residence. A source close to the family said that the gunmen who were eight in number stormed the residence of the… May 6, 2020 In "Top Stories" • Suspected herdsmen abduct, kill pregnant woman, husband in Blenue • Plateau gunmen kill cleric, wife, children Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) yesterday said 343 Boko Haram/ISWAP fighters had been killed by the military in counter-insurgency operations across the North East geo-political zone. The Coordinator, Defence Media… May 7, 2020 In "Top Stories" Again, herdsmen have killed one man, shot his daughter and abducted the wife, after hours of sporadic shootings at Isele-Azagba Community in Aniocha North Council Area of Delta State. This followed reported arrest of some suspects in connection with the February 5, 2020 incident and one week after one of… February 26, 2020 In "Metro"