A CNN crew was arrested by police Friday morning while giving a live television report in Minneapolis, where the crew was covering ongoing protests over the death of George Floyd. The crew, including correspondent Omar Jimenez, were handcuffed and detained as Jimenez gave a live report on a Minneapolis street shortly after 5 a.m. CT (6 a.m. ET). Police told the crew they were being detained because they were told to move, and didn’t, one member of the CNN crew relayed to the network. “A CNN reporter and his production team were arrested this morning in Minneapolis for doing their jobs, despite identifying themselves — a clear violation of their First Amendment rights. The authorities in Minnesota, including the Governor, must release the three CNN employees immediately,” CNN said in a statement. Officers approached the crew as they moved in to arrest a protester behind them. Jimenez could be seen holding his CNN badge while reporting, identifying himself as a reporter, and telling the officers the crew would move wherever officers needed them to. An officer gripped his arm as Jimenez talked, then put him in handcuffs. “We can move back to where you like. We are live on the air here. … Put us back where you want us. We are getting out of your way — wherever you want us (we’ll) get out of your way,” Jimenez said before he was led away. “We were just getting out of your way when you were advancing through the intersection,” Jimenez said. CNN’s Josh Campell, who also was in the area but not standing with the on-air crew, said he, too, was approached by police, but was allowed to remain. “I identified myself … they said, ‘OK, you’re permitted to be in the area,'” recounted Campbell, who is white. “I was treated much differently than (Jimenez) was.” Jimenez and the crew had been reporting from the site — near a city police department precinct that protesters had burned and officers had abandoned overnight. About a block away, a fire was burning at a different, four-story building that had contained restaurants. Over 100 state police officers in body armor and riot gear had arrived and lined up near the area where the CNN crew was, near the precinct building on East Lake Street. After the photographer was arrested, his camera was set on the ground and continued to transmit live images. Source By Brian Thevenot DALLAS  - The suspect who killed five police officers in Dallas last week had prepared a larger assault on law enforcement, the city's police chief said on Sunday, citing evidence gathered from the killer's home that showed he had practiced with explosives. "We're convinced that this suspect… July 11, 2016 In "Foreign" Minneapolis  - A Minneapolis area police officer fatally shot a black man during a traffic stop, local law enforcement said on Thursday. The death of the man identified by his family as Philando Castile, 32, came hours after the U.S. Justice Department said it had opened an investigation into Tuesday's… July 7, 2016 In "Foreign" BY CNN A man jumped a fence at the White House late Friday and made it through the North Portico doors into the building before he was captured, Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary told CNN. Part of the White House was evacuated after a disturbance was initially detected on the… September 20, 2014 In "Foreign"