By Olayinka Owolewa Omu-Aran, (Kwara)  –   A Non Governmental Organisation (NGO), Global Hope for Women and Children Foundation (GLOHWOC), has distributed palliatives to no fewer than 120 women in Kwara, in the bid to cushion the effect of the lockdown occasioned by COVID-19 pandemic. Mrs Christy Abayomi-Oluwole, Chief Executive Officer, GLOHWOC, an NGO, said during the presentation of the palliatives at Omu-Aran that it was geared toward improving the living standard of the beneficiaries. The GLOHWOC boss said the palliatives tagged: “GLOHWOC COVID-19 Relief Package”, which targeted the vulnerable, was also part of the organisation’s efforts toward curbing the community spread of the deadly virus. Each of the beneficiaries were presented with some food items such as beans, semolina, groundnut oil as well as preventive materials such as bottles of hand sanitiser, liquid soaps, disinfectant, and customised face masks. The intervention was supported by the Global Affairs Canada under the WVL Nigeria Project in partnership with ActionAid Nigeria. The beneficiaries were also sensitised and treated to a demonstration on the basic rudiments and tips in maintaining personal hygiene through regular washing of hands in order to stay healthy. Abayomi-Oluwole advised the beneficiaries to always imbibe personal hygiene through regular washing of hands in order to stay safe and healthy. The GLOHWOC boss said that the part of the 120 beneficiaries were those earlier selected by the organisation for its larger empowerment project plan in Irepodun and Ilorin-South Local Government of the state in collaboration with ActionAid Canada and Global Affairs Africa. She said the empowerment project tagged: “Gender Equality and Women Empowerment scheme,” had reached an advanced stage and was temporarily suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. According to her, the said empowerment project, which is coming soon and aims at providing moral and financial support to the beneficiaries in their businessess. She explained that the 120 women were carefully selected by members of the project steering committees in the two targeted councils. She added that some unregistered cooperative groups were also included for moral and financial assistance under NGO’s women empowerment initiative few months ago. “Each of the selected beneficiaries had earlier opened individual accounts and grouped with the cooperatives as part of the empowerment process in collaboration with Global Affairs Canada and ActionAid Nigeria. “The beneficiaries were scheduled to attend an entrepreneurship development and skills training in collaboration with Landmark University in April when the programme was halted due to the advent of COVID-19. “So this distribution of palliatives to the selected beneficiaries is just our own little way of remembering them at this critical period of COVID-19 pandemic. “The whole essence is to sensitise them on the need to maintain personal hygiene and at the same time to ameliorate, to some extent, whatever negative effect the lockdown had burdened on them,” she said. Oba Abdulraheem Adeoti, the Olomu of Omu-Aran, in his remarks, described the gesture by GLOHWOC as unprecedented and a welcome development. He called on other individuals and groups to emulate the exemplary and philanthropic leadership style of the organisation geared toward promoting equality and human capital development, especially among vulnerable women. Chief Abiodun Owolabi, the Chairman of the Irepodun Local Government Steering Committee of the empowerment initiative, thanked the organisation for being at the fore front of women transformation and emancipation. “The distribution of the palliative to this category of beneficiaries today is a testimony of GLOHWOC’s commitment and determination toward ensuring the desired recognition, equality and human capital development envisioned for the womenfolk,” Owolabi who is the Legan of Omu-Aran said. Mrs Fatimoh Adam and Mrs Folakemi Oluwasesan, both beneficiaries, in their remarks, thanked GLOHWOC and other collaborating agencies for their magnanimity, generousity and dedication to promoting gender equality among women. (NAN) By Yinusa Ishola Omu-Aran (Kwara) - No fewer than 511 persons on Wednesday benefitted from the Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) initiative of the Federal Government in Omu-Aran, Irepodun Local Government Area of Kwara. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the beneficiaries comprised those from the three wards of… April 15, 2020 In "Metro" By Justina Auta Abuja - The United Nations on Wednesday donated N38.4 million for procurement of palliatives targeted at the vulnerable and indigent women across 14 states to cushion the hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Ms Comfort Lamptey, UN Women Country Representative to Nigeria and ECOWAS, made this known… May 6, 2020 In "Health" By Yinusa Ishola Omu-Aran (Kwara) - Rep. Raheem Olawuyi, a federal lawmaker from Kwara, on Friday commenced distribution of food items to his constituents to cushion the effect of the stay-at-home directive over COVID-19 pandemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the distribution of the food items started… April 3, 2020 In "News"