The Zamfara Government has disputed claims made by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control that ten new COVID-19 cases were recorded in the state on Monday May 19. The NCDC in its release on new cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria, stated that Zamfara had 10 new cases. However, in an interview with NAN, Alhaji Yahaya Kanoma, the state Commissioner of Health said the state has asked the agency to rectify the error and also tender an apology. “We were shocked and bewildered by this latest figure from the NCDC which said 10 new cases were confirmed when we know it was only two. Our records have shown that when results from the center returned, we had a total of 76 cases made up of 45 discharged persons, 26 in isolation and five dead, so we didn’t know where NCDC got the additional eight. We approached the center which could not give a convincing explanation, and so we demanded a written apology which they promised to send as well as withdraw the media publicity that we had 10 new cases,” the commissioner said Source By Abujah Rachael Abuja - Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), says Lagos State still has the highest number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria with 44 cases. Ihekweazu made this known to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Abuja, while giving… March 27, 2020 In "News" Moses Emorinken, AbujaThere was a mild drama in Lokoja, Kogi State capital on Thursday as a delegation of the Federal Government, who were in the state for an assessment of its COVID-19 status, departed the state unceremoniously. It was later discovered that the delegation comprising officials of the Nigeria Centre… May 9, 2020 In "News" •A health worker on duty  IBADAN (SundiataPost) - Thirty-one more people have tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) in Oyo State. The State COVID-19 Task Force confirmed this in its latest update on the disease in the state. In a statement on Saturday, the task force revealed that 30 of the… May 17, 2020 In "News"