COVID-19: SGF Applauds NNPC Over COVID-19 Intervention Initiatives … As Corporation Promises to Construct 14 Permanent Medical Facilities Across 14 States Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Chairman of the Presidential Taskforce on Covid-19, and Secretary to the Government of the Federation and  Boss Mustapha, has commended the intervention initiatives of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) geared towards providing a lasting solution to the novel coronavirus pandemic in Nigeria. According to the statement signed by the NNPC Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Dr. Kennie Obateru, Mustapha gave this commendation while receiving 20 ventilators donated by Ocea S.A, a France based company through the NNPC, to bolster the fight against COVID-19 in Abuja. Mystrose Defence Systems Limited presented the donation to the NNPC on behalf of Ocea S.A. to bolster the fight against COVID-19 in Abuja. The statement quoted the Chairman of the Presidential Taskforce as saying that the NNPC and her partners, almost on a weekly basis, have either donated medical consumables or commissioned medical infrastructure all in the fight against COVID-19. “This is a hallmark of a national institution which, at this very challenging time of COVID-19, is filling the gap in the provision of the kind of things that the nation requires; the facilities that we need to put in place,” Mustapha stated. Mustapha assured that the 20 ventilators would be put to good use for the benefit of Nigerians, maintaining that COVID-19 was a big challenge which required everyone’s support to the Federal Government to fight and defeat the pandemic. He stated that post COVID-19, the nation’s health institutions would receive the type of rebirth that the Federal Government desires, stressing that with the medical facilities on ground, the nation would have the capacity to combat any epidemic or pandemic thereafter. Earlier, the Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Mallam Mele Kyari, said the corporation was pleased to handover the 20 ventilators donated by Ocea S.A through Mystrose Defence Systems Limited to the Federal Government. On his part, the Medical Director of the NNPC Medical Services Limited, Dr. Mohammed Zango, stated that the donations from the French company, Ocea S.A was a right step in the right direction, adding that the corporation, as a responsible organization and a strategic partner in the maritime security space, is hereby transmitting the ventilators to the PTF in support of the Federal Government’s effort to combat COVID-19. Dr. Zango explained that the company identified the NNPC as a reputable National Oil Company through which the ventilators could be safely delivered to the PTF on COVID-19. Kunle Aluko who made the donations on behalf of Mystrose Defence Systems Limited praised the PTF for her unwavering efforts to combat the pandemic,assuring the readiness of his company to stand by the Federal Government all through these difficult times.   From Left: Honourable Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mallam Mele Kyari at the presentation of medical equipment to the Kano State Governor, HE Abdullahi Ganduje  in Kano on Saturday KANO - Despite the supply chain constraints involved in simultaneous… April 26, 2020 In "News" •Mele Kyari, GMD of NNPC ABUJA - The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has made an intervention of $30 million (N11 billion) to help combat the Coronavirus pandemic and its attendant impact on the Nigerian economy. The NNPC Group Managing Director, Mele Kyari, announced the intervention initiative on Friday in… March 28, 2020 In "News" … Offers Land for Modern Health FacilityThe Honourable Minister of Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCT), Mallam Muhammad Musa Bello, has commended the leadership of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) for rallying the Oil and Gas Industry to support the nation in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.Speaking at the… May 15, 2020 In "News"