ABUJA – National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Uche Secondus, believes Nigeria needs to be rescued from failed leadership. In his Sallah message released by his media office on Saturday, Secondus urged all muslims in the country to seek God’s face as a remedy. Sallah marks the end of the 30-day Ramadan fasting period by Muslim faithfuls. Islam is one of two major religions in Nigeria. “Our refusal to allow the lessons of Ramadan influence our conduct is the reason we continue to suffer despite the lavish blessing from God to us as a nation,” Secondus said. “The lessons of the last 30 days of fasting and prayer will be meaningless in our lives if the solemnness of the period does not influence our thoughts and actions in relating with one another.” Secondus said the COVID-19 pandemic has exposed the failure of leadership in Nigeria. He added that while leadership has always been a problem in Nigeria, “President Muhammadu Buhari and his ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, elevated the failure to an unprecedented level that only a fervent prayer to God can save the country,” a statement from his media office said. By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja - Former Anambra governor, Mr Peter Obi, has urged Muslims to pray for Nigeria to attain true greatness. Obi, who was the Vice-Presidential Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 General Elections, made the call in a statement on Saturday. The statement was… May 23, 2020 In "News" As Muslims begin Ramadan fasting this week, the Sultan of Sokoto and President-General of Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III, has declared that, there will be no Ramadan lecture sessions and congregation prayers in Mosques. The Sultan told Nigerian Muslims that, this year’s Ramadan is one with… April 20, 2020 In "News" By Emmanuel Oloniruha Abuja -   The National Chairman of PDP, Prince Uche Secondus, has urged Nigerians to use the period of Easter to reflect on the situation in the country and pray for the survival of Nigeria’s democracy. Secondus made the call in an Easter message issued by his… March 30, 2018 In "Top Stories"