… Calls on Press to Desist from Using the Official Logo of Ohanaeze Ndigbo of a Red Cap and a Feather when writing About Errant Group By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The apex Igbo cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo worldwide has debunked rumor making rounding to the effect that it had chosen Former Head of State, Yakubu Gowon and some prominent political figures to spearhead the campaign for the emergence of a president of Igbo extraction in 2023. The group which accused unpatriotic irredentists as being behind the rumour,  stressed that such an idea has not been contemplated, made the clarification in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Prince Uche Achi-Okpaga, made available to Sundiata Post. Ohanaeze Ndigbo worldwide further called on the press and members of the public to desist from using the official logo of Ohanaeze Ndigbo of a red cap and a feather when writing about or referring to the errant group as it is a great disservice to Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, so that when Ohanaeze Ndigbo speaks people will know it has spoken. The statement reads in parts: The attention of the apex Igbo cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, has been drawn to a spurious news item alleging that it had chosen a former Head of State, Retired General Yakubu Gowon, to spearhead the campaign for the emergence of a president of Igbo extraction in 2023. Equally mendacious is the story that Ohanaeze leadership was planning to have an interface with some prominent political figures in the country towards achieving the same objective. Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide hereby informs the General public that at no time were the aforementioned situations ever contemplated or was there any meeting at which they were tabled for consideration, let alone any action being taken or a press statement issued on that. The purported actions exist only in the imagination of the miscreants and enemies of the Igbo nation who are the purveyors of the unfortunate concoctions. Ohanaeze Ndigbo reiterates that there is no organisation as Ohanaeze Youth Council recognized by Ndigbo and that the misguided so-called leader of the group, Okechukwu Isiguzoro, is a warped, egocentric and power-hungry mind who obviously is living in an incontrovertible state of mental delusion. If nothing else raises doubts about his bifurcated mind, how come not long ago he was the “president” of the group but suddenly metamorphosis to its “president general”. Ohanaeze Ndigbo regrets the unpatriotic acts of some Igbo politicians sponsoring these equally unpatriotic irredentists shamelessly flying the kite for them towards 2023. It states that if it is the wish of God that a president of Igbo stock shall emerge in 2023, it will not be midwifed by an inconsequential group whose only mission and preoccupation is personal aggrandizement and not the collective interest and aspiration of Ndigbo. Ohanaeze Ndigbo, once more, calls on prominent Igbo sons and daughters to stand up and call these recalcitrant boys to order, because it could have gone to court to stop their irreverent behaviour but for the same reason it refused to face other Igbo recalcitrant groups headlong in its mild skirmishes with them—-a father does not quarrel with his children in the public. Ohanaeze Ndigbo, therefore, distances itself from the infantile hallucinations of the group as it does not exist. By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Igbo Socio-cultural group, Ohanaeze Ndigbo has slammed President Muhammadu Buhari over alleged victimization and marginalization of Ndigbo in his administrations appointments. The group which wondered what Ndigbo have done to this administration to deserve this ill-treatment, reminded that the current postings by the… February 8, 2019 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) Ahead of the February 16 general elections, President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress, APC, and the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have intensified efforts to grab the about seven million votes of Ndigbo in northern part of the country. While attempts are made… February 5, 2019 In "News" Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide in partnership with Middlebelt Youth Council Worldwide have warned all the political parties in the country, especially the All Peoples Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) leadership to respect the agreement of rotating the seat of presidency adopted since 1999. The group… November 24, 2019 In "Politics"