A Nigerian-British rapper, Ben Obioma Godwin Chijioke better known by his stage name TY has died from coronavirus complications. Aged 47, TY died on Thursday after contracting pneumonia while in recovery according to a GoFundMe previously set up for him. “It is with much sadness that I have to report the passing of Ben Chijioke, better known as TY Chijioke on the 7th May 2020, close friends, family and fans are devastated of his death,” an update for the campaign read. “Since then TY’s condition had been improving but last week while on a normal ward he had contracted pneumonia which worsened his recovery and ultimately TY’s body couldn’t fight back anymore,” the page said. “This is a shock to everyone. The family would like to say a big thank you to everyone who has reached out and expressed their concern since he was admitted in hospital but right now they would value having their privacy, so they can mourn privately. They just need time to process.” According to the page, the hip-hop star was hospitalised and placed in a medically-induced coma following “complications” surrounding the coronavirus. An update made on April 19 said Ty was “doing much better” and had been moved out of the intensive care unit. Source ABUJA - Mr. Suleiman Achimugu, former managing director of the Petroleum Products Marketing Company (PPMC), has died of coronavirus. Achimugu, aged 67, has become the first Nigerian casualty of the pandemic. Nigeria has recorded the first case of death to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC)… March 23, 2020 In "Top Stories" •Streets were almost empty in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on Tuesday. The kingdom’s biggest cities are all under a 24-hour lockdown.Credit...Ahmed Yosri/Reuters By David D. Kirkpatrick and Ben Hubbard The senior Saudi prince who is governor of Riyadh is in intensive care with the coronavirus. Several dozen other members of the… April 8, 2020 In "Foreign" People who are able to go to the hospital on time stand a better chance of surviving, but the thing is that they are asking people to self-quarantine because since it’s a virus, it will run its course and go by itself. Where it becomes complicated for many people is… April 5, 2020 In "Health"