Amazon (AMZN) is reportedly in talks with JCPenney (JCP), the debt-laden retailer that filed for bankruptcy protection last week. Amazon stock moved up. According to apparel industry trade publication Women’s Wear Daily, Amazon has a team in Plano, Texas, where JCPenney is headquartered. The report cited an unnamed source saying there is a dialogue between the two companies. The acquisition of JCPenney could potentially bolster the online retailer’s burgeoning apparel business. It’s also possible Amazon could be interested in acquiring some of the stores that JCPenney plans to sell and use them as distribution outlets. Amazon, in a response to a request for comment, replied that it does not comment on “speculation.” Amazon stock climbed 1%, closing at 2,449.33 on the stock market today. JCPenney filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization Friday, citing the coronavirus pandemic as a core reason. The retailer has been struggling for years and plans to close nearly 200 stores this year and an additional 50 stores next year. Amazon has been rapidly expanding since the coronavirus struck. In order to fulfill spiking demand, Amazon hired 100,000 additional workers and then added another 75,000 workers. Amazon has made bold moves in times past, such as its acquisition of Whole Foods Market and its large investments in electric vehicles. Amazon stock is up about 31% this year. Source: investors.com •A parking lot at a JC Penney store is empty in Roseville, Mich., Friday, May 8, 2020. Across the country, in industries of every kind and size, the coronavirus pandemic has devastated businesses small and large. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya) Another fallen retail giant has walked into the graveyard. And whether… May 16, 2020 In "Business" Troubled electronics retailer RadioShack Corp said it may need to file for bankruptcy protection if its cash situation worsens, after reporting its tenth straight quarterly loss. The company said it was also exploring other options, including a sale or an investment, and liquidation as the last resort. RadioShack, whose sales… September 12, 2014 In "News" By Mark Kleinman Shareholders in Debenhams are preparing to place the 242-year-old department store chain into administration as they seek to protect the business from creditors during the COVID-19 pandemic. Sky News has learnt that the retailer, which employs about 22,000 people, could file a notice of intention to appoint… April 3, 2020 In "Business"