Kwara State Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq has approved the appointment of 10 new permanent secretaries in the state. These new appointees are to head ministries, departments, and agencies (MDAs). Their appointments came barely two weeks after a crop of eight new permanent secretaries were unveiled. The appointments are with immediate effect. The Office of the Head of Service and Civil Service Commission are to ensure seamless transition, the Chief Press Secretary (CPS) to the Governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, said in a statement yesterday. The new permanent secretaries are: Shehu Boni Ahmed (Establishment); Olorukooba Isiaka Yinka (Works); Iyabo Banire (Sports); Sabiyatu Kikelomo Grillo (Cabinet, political and Special services); Okanlawon Musa (Water Resources); Jolayemi John Olugbenga (Service Welfare); Abraham Kola Ojo (Environment); Halimot Aduke Eletu (Enterprise); Rabiat Abdulrahman (Communication); and Yusuf Bolakale (Special Duties). These changes are made to reinvigorate the Civil Service and promote better service delivery, the statement added, thanking the outgoing permanent secretaries for their “selfless service” to the state and wishing them enjoyable retirement. The governor recently approved the appointment of eight new permanent secretaries, in what was the first batch of the gradual but steady change of guard at the top echelon of the state civil service. Those recently appointed were Bamigbe Rotimi Williams (Energy); Musa Idris (Justice); Nurudeen Maryam (Agric); Goshi Jiya (Civil Service Commission); Adeosun Mary (Education); Ibrahim Adenike (Social Development); Ayinla Olayiwola (Health); and Alabere Ahmed (Local Government). Source Bauchi - Gov. Mohammed Abubakar of Bauchi State, has approved the appointment of Alhaji Bello Illelah as the new Secretary to the State Government. His appointment is contained in a statement issued in Bauchi on Thursday by the Permanent Secretary , Special Services, Malam Abdu Aliyu. Until his recent appointment,… August 27, 2015 In "News" KADUNA - Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State on Friday approved the appointment of two new permanent secretaries and an adviser. Notice of the approval is contained in a statement signed by the governor’s Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Mr Samuel Aruwan, made available to newsmen in Kaduna. The… June 12, 2015 In "News" Katsina - Gov. Aminu Masari of Katsina State has approved the appointment of Alhaji Garba Sanda Mani as the new Head of Service of the state. This is contained in a statement signed by the Senior Special Assistant to the governor on Media, Alhaji Abdu Labaran, and made available to… October 4, 2016 In "News"