Berlin  –  The 2019/2020 Bundesliga season will restart on May 16, the German Football League (DFL) said on Thursday, becoming the first European league to resume amid the coronavirus epidemic.The DFL said the season would resume under the terms of a strict health protocol that bans fans from the stadium. Several matches, including the Ruhr valley derby between Borussia Dortmund and Schalke 04, will take place on the relaunch day. While it was no normal restart, given the empty stands and other restrictions, it was crucial to resume play, DFL CEO Christian Seifert told a news conference. He was speaking after a meeting with first and second division clubs following government’s decision on Wednesday to give the green light for the Bundesliga restart. Government had also promised to throw a financial lifeline to the cash-strapped clubs. The DFL is desperate to finish the season by June 30, even without spectators, to be contractually in compliance with sponsors and broadcasters. It had warned any further delay could be “existence-threatening” for some clubs. “The season finale will take place at the end of June,” Seifert said, with June 27 to June 28 as a likely date. The league has been on hold since mid-March because of the coronavirus outbreak, which has brought football to a standstill around the world. Germany’s progress in resuming matches is likely to be closely watched by other leagues. The country’s professional teams have been training since mid-April, divided into small groups and under strict conditions, including extensive COVID-19 testing of all players and coaching staff. The country has reported more than 166,000 infections and more than 7,000 deaths. Officials said on Thursday the coronavirus crisis was far from over in spite of the country slowly reopening its economy and trying to get life back to normal. Bayern Munich, chasing an eighth successive title, currently lead the table with 55 points from 25 games, four ahead of Borussia Dortmund with RB Leipzig third on 50. There are nine rounds of matches left to play. (Reuters/NAN) Berlin - New Hertha Berlin coach Bruno Labbadia will prepare his team to be in peak shape for the day the Bundesliga resumes as the club battles to avoid relegation in a disastrous season.Experienced Labbadia, who has also worked at VfL Wolfsburg, VfB Stuttgart and Hamburg SV among other, is… April 13, 2020 In "Sports" By Julius Enehikuere TIANJIN - China’s leading Telecom company, StarTimes, on Saturday in Beijing signed a coverage deal with the Germany’s Bundesliga to transmit live matches across African countries. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the deal covers the development of sports in African countries and the coverage… June 13, 2015 In "Sports" Borussia Dortmund can play far better than they did in their 2-0 defeat at Arsenal on Wednesday and the team needs to learn that results are more important than "perfect football", coach Juergen Klopp said. The Germans squandered their first chance to secure top spot in Champions League Group D… November 27, 2014 In "Sports"