The Chief of Army Staff, Tukur Buratai has revealed that troops have killed 1,015 Boko Haram insurgents since April 4 till date. The COAS disclosed this while hosting troops of Operation Lafiya Dole at an Eid-El-Fitr luncheon at Military Control and Command Centre in Maiduguri. Buratai who revealed that artillery airstrike and blockage operations conducted by troops at the Tumbuktu Triangles around Sambisa has been greatly successful, further disclosed that some notable encounters since the commencement of the operation include that of Buni Gari, Gaidam, Minok, Dapchi, Baga, Dikwa, Awulari, Ajiri, Pulka, Ngoshe, Alafa and different parts of Sambisa Forest as well as Gajiganna. He also said that a total of 84 high ranking members of Boko Haram logistics and informants were arrested within the period. Buratai Said; “Hundreds of terrorist fighters have been neutralised in this different camps as confirmed by the force and captured terrorists while trying to escape the operations. “Many more hundreds have been injured and are hiding in the forest with serious wounds. “This explains why the terrorist have resulted to desperate attacks on towns and villages such as Babangida, Dapchi searching for medical supplies and other logistics to treat their injured colleagues, who are dying like foul in the forest. “Overall, since my arrival here in the Northeast on the 4th of April this year, you gallery troops of Operation Lafiya Dole have neutrialised over 1,015 Boko Haram terrorists. “Also, you have impressively maintain the blockage of Boko Haram logistics supply chains and freedom of movement within the Tumbuktu Triangles. “In a light manner, the Nigerian army intelligence core has impressively been organised and its operations has greatly improved. “It is also gratifying to note that officers and men of the Nigerian Army, fighting in close support with the combatant personnel of the Nigeria Navy Special Force Services and the gallant pilots of the Nigerian Airforce, have consistently disrupted the terrorists moves and done well in neutrialising them.” The COAS who thanked sister organisations like the Nigeria air force, Nigerian navy and the police for their support against the fight against insurgency, also prayed for late soldiers and others who have sustained injuries in the fight against insurgency. source •Calls for quick end to 'Operation Crackdown' •Visits Bama, Banki Junction, urges troops to block terrorists' movement ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai, has disclosed that the Nigerian military would restratagise and review the entire Counter-Terrorism and Counter-Insurgency (CT COIN) operations in the… May 4, 2016 In "Top Stories" MAIDUGURI (Sundiata Post) - The Nigerian armed forces has in a final onslaught against the Boko Haram, deployed ground and aerial forces deep inside Sambisa Forest aimed at clearing the remaining terrorist enclaves and rescuing the hostages including the Chibok girls. The Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Abayomi Olonisakin,… May 2, 2016 In "Top Stories" By Johnson Eyiangho Monguno - The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, says the Boko Haram terrorists are being contained with the recent renewed joint military offensive against them in Northern Borno and border areas. Buratai said the offensive had pushed them to the remote Islands on the Lake… April 22, 2019 In "News"