Abuja –  Saudi Arabia said Monday it had asked oil giant Aramco to cut output by an additional one million barrels per day from June, to support prices that have crashed during the coronavirus crisis. The move will reduce the output of the world’s biggest crude oil exporter (Saudi) to 7.5 million barrels per day, the energy ministry said in a statement cited by the official Saudi Press Agency. OPEC and its allies in the so-called OPEC+ grouping agreed last month to cut production by a record 9.7 million bpd while other producers pledged to reduce their output by around 3.7 million bpd. Under the deal, Saudi Arabia’s daily production was cut to 8.5 million bpd, the lowest in more than a decade. “The kingdom aims from this additional cut to stimulate countries in the OPEC+ and other producing nations to comply with committed production cuts and make additional reductions in a bid to support the stability of the global oil market,” the energy ministry said. Despite the massive cuts, which became effective on May 1, oil prices remain extremely low — losing around two-thirds of their value this year due to a coronavirus-driven slump in demand. Prices were further dampened in April by a price war between Russia and Saudi Arabia during which Riyadh’s production soared to a record 12.3 million bpd, pushing stockpiles to unsustainably high levels. The ministry said that with the latest production curb, the kingdom would have cut 4.8 million bpd from the record output levels in April. The price of the international benchmark Brent crude is hovering around $30 a barrel. [AFP] Vienna   -      Global oil demand is set to stay strong in the second half of 2018, an OPEC technical panel forecast this week, suggesting the market could absorb extra production from the group. The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries meets on Friday to decide output policy amid calls from… June 19, 2018 In "Business" NEW YORK - Oil prices fell below $30 a barrel on Monday after the worldwide coronavirus outbreak worsened over the weekend, exacerbating fears that government lockdowns to contain the spread of the disease would spark a global recession.FILE PHOTO: An oil pump is seen just after sunset outside Saint-Fiacre, near… March 17, 2020 In "Business" By Sonny Atumah Abuja (Sundiata Post) - It is the sign of the time as the global economy falters again. What appeared as a three-year-old marriage between OPEC and its ally, OPEC+, to support oil prices and erase the glut on the market headed for dissolution because of perceived irreconcilable… March 14, 2020 In "Top Stories"