The Anambra State chapter of the Ohaneze Ndigbo has expressed dissatisfaction at the poor compliance with the order banning interstate travel aimed at curbing COVID-19 spread. Chief Damian Okeke-Ogene, President, Ohaneze Ndigbo in Anambra State, expressed the dissatisfaction in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria on Wednesday in Awka. He said some people from states hard hit by the virus had been entering states with less record of the virus in spite of the order. Okeke-Ogene said such movements must stop for Nigeria to contain the spread of novel coronavirus to communities. He said: “Such movements are unacceptable and have defeated the purpose of lockdown, curfew and other measures put in place by governments, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 to contain the spread of the virus.” He urged the mobilisation of vigilance groups to ensure proper protection of communities. He said vigilance groups should report strange faces or new entrants into communities to the appropriate authorities. Okeke-Ogene frowned at alleged inability of security personal at the borders to stop unlawful vehicular movements. He urged them to ensure adequate public compliance with the ban on interstate movement. NAN. Despite the interstate travel ban in Nigeria, many Almajiri children have been relocating to various states across the country, a situation that Igbo groups have lamented. The highest Igbo socio-cultural organisations, the Ohaneze Ndigbo, the Igbo National Council (INC) and the Anambra State Association of Town Unions (ASATU), lamented the… May 20, 2020 In "News" By Joy Mbachi Awka -   Chief Damian Okeke-Ogene, Anambra State, President of Ohaneze Ndigbo, has called on the Igbo race to have a collective stand on the affairs affecting them, especially on the ongoing conversation on restructuring. Okeke-Ogene made the call on Monday in an interview with the News… May 21, 2018 In "Top Stories" •President Muhammadu Buhari AWKA - President Muhammadu Buhari has been told that the impact of his administration’s COVID-19 palliatives is yet to be felt in the South-East. Reacting to Buhari’s nationwide broadcast of Monday night, the Anambra State Chairman, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Demain Okeke-Ogene, urged the President to urgently save… April 29, 2020 In "News"