EZINIHITTE, Mbaise (SundiataPost) – Leaders of Aladinma Ezinihitte, a socio-cultural group in Ezinihitte Mbaise Local Government Area of Imo State, have written to Governor Hope Uzodinma on the contentious issue of payment of N8m to Fulani herdsmen who who claimed that their cows were missing in Onicha, Ezinihitte community. The group reminded Governor Uzodinma that the invasion of the community by the herdsmen was a violation of both the lockdown order of the government and extant law against open grazing still in force in the state. They also raised issue over the governor’s perceived embrace of Almajiris in Imo State and warned about the security implication of opening the state up to Almajiris who are defying the lockdown order to troop into Imo State and other states of the South East. The letter dated 15 May 2020 reads in full: ALADINMA EZINIHITTE    EZINIHITTE MBAISE LGA             IMO STATE His ExcellencySenator Hope UzodinmaExecutive Governor of Imo StateOwerri.​May 15, 2020 Your Excellency. LETTER OF APPRECIATION. We as leaders of Aladinma Ezinihitte, a socio-cultural group made up of the entire people of Ezinihitte have noted with appreciation the intervention of Your Excellency in the resolution of the Eight Million Naira (N8,000,000=), exaggerated claim against our people made by the Fulani Owners of the cows said to be missing in our LGA at a Meeting held at Ezinihitte on April 23rd, 2020. Some of our elders have written you on this matter, drawing the attention of your Excellency to the circumstances of the incident which occurred in our local Government Area during the period of the COVID-19 Lockdown Order of your Government and the Federal Government of Nigeria which is binding on citizens except those on essential services and duties. In the letter we drew the attention of your Excellency to the fact that the roaming of those cattle was a violation of the COVID-19 Lockdown Order of your Government – the Government of Imo State. We also drew your attention to the fact that the action of the Fulani herders was a flagrant violation of the customs of our communities which prohibits Open Grazing of cows, goats, sheep, etc, within our communities, more so within our farm lands. Above all, the action of the herders was a flagrant violation of the Anti-Open Grazing Law of the Government of Imo State – (Ref. IMO STATE OF NIGERIA LAW NO. 9 of 2006 (as attached herewith) In our letter, while we disapproved the action of our youth in killing some of the cows, we also commended their action in resisting the reckless destruction of our farm lands by the herders. It is important let Your Excellency know that as peace-loving people, Ezinihitte leaders had engaged in the process of peaceful resolution of the matter. While we supported the payment for the alleged missing cows, they on their part had agreed not to return to our LGA to engage in Open grazing of their cattle, an action as you can see from the above, is absolutely illegal, flagrant violation of the custom of our people as well as Law No 9 of 2006 of the Imo State Government which prohibits Open Grazing. We were in the process of implementing this agreement, no matter how unfair their claims were, when this good news came that your Excellency has decided and in fact paid the money to the herders from Government coffers as contained in the Press Release signed by your Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser, Mr Oguwike Nwachukwu on May 14, 2020 that you have graciously intervened in the resolution of the issue of the eight million naira (N8,000,000=)  claim by the Fulani herders. While thanking Your Excellency for this gesture, we implore you to use your good offices to protect the people of Ezinihitte LGA and their farm land by ensuring that the Imo State Law No 9 of 2006 as well as our customary law are protected from violation by the herdsmen or any other person for that matter. As was agreed with the herdsmen during the negotiations, they agreed not to come back to graze in our territory again, and we hope Your Excellency will help to ensure that this agreement is honored in other to protect our farms and crops as our people depend and survive mainly on subsistence farming. We also wish to assure you that our Communities in Ezinihitte LGA will do all in our power to ensure that the laws are fully observed in our area. It is important to remind your Excellency that the POPULATION DATA as of 8/5/2020 from the Director Population Census Commission shows that the population of Ezinihitte LGA as at 2006 Census was 168,767 while the Projection as at 2020 is 262,303. With the Approximate Area of Ezinihitte LGA being 98.915 km Sq, this gives us a population density of 2,651.8 per sq km. This data certainly confirms the obvious fact that Ezinihitte LGA is one of the most densely populated areas of Africa.Finally, Your Excellency, we hope that you were not misquoted on the issue of welcoming the so-called Almajiris into Imo State with open hands when they are being rejected by other States including Northern States as a result of the danger they pose in spreading the dreaded Corona Virus. The governor’s invitation is an encouragement for these people to break the Lockdown Order.What is more, the Almajiris (in Hausa language ” minors”) and as such are not and cannot be moved without a clear indication of where they are coming from, where they are going and who will receive and sustain them there in the new place of surjurn. What is more what is the rationale for their being moved at this period of global restrictions on movement of people.Your Excellency, you can see that there is something very fishy in the movement of these people.As intelligence report has it, they do not only pose health challenges to their host States they are mostly Boko Haram insurgents. Welcoming them into Imo State is like signing Death Warrant over the lives of Imo citizens which you swore to protect as the Chief Security Officer of Imo State. We urge you to review your stand on this policy, We, in addition, urge you to ensure that the borders of Imo State are effectively protected especially during this period of COVID-19 Pandemic to ensure the protection of the Imo people from both the insurgents and carriers of Corona Virus who may spread it in Imo State. Please accept the assurances of the good intensions and goodwill of the people of Ezinihitte, Yours Sincerely. For ALADINMA EZINIHITTE 1. Nze Felix Momoh-​Chairman2. Chief Christogonus Ugochukwu ( Mbaugwu Ihitte Ezi-west)3. Charles Anyanwu ( Ezeagbogu Ezi-Centre)4. Chief Inno. NwaDavid ( Okpofe Ezi-centre)5. Mr. Michael Arungwa (Eziudo Ezi-East)6. Chief Chibuzo Enwereuzo ( Amumara Ezi-Centre)7. Engr. Nnadozie Achibiri ( Itu Ezi-Centre)8. Chief Surv. Basil Ogwunga (Obokwu Obizi Ezi-East)9.Chief Larry Osuagwu (Eziudo Ezi-East)10. Chief Martin Chimodo ( Onicha Ezi-East)11. Chief John Iwuala ( Chokoneze Ezi-West)12. Hon. Kizito Uwalaka ( Ihitte Ezi- West)13. Hon. Chief Justin Mgbeoduru ( Amumara Ezi-Centre)14. Brigadier General Ignatius Nwogu ( Obizi Ezi-East)15.Barr. Louis Alozie ( ITU Ezi-Centre)16. Barr. Raymond Nnah ( Ezeagbogu Ezi-Centre)17. Prof. Chiemeka Ekennia ( Ihitte Ezi-west)18. HRH Eze Mike Ndudiri Orji19. Nze Chibunna Ukah20 .Chief Emma Ibe ( Obizi Ezi-East)21.Dr. Christogonus Ojukwu ( Onicha Ezi-East)22. Sir Okey S. Ihuoma ( Okpofe Ezi-Centre)23. Mr. Oliver Nnanyereugo Osuagwu (P.G ITU Ezi-Centre)24. Engr. Onukogu Ifeanyichukwu ( ITU Ezi-Centre)25. Chukwudi Nwogwugwu (Itu Ezi-Centre)26. Prince Dyke Chibuikem Anyanwu ( Ihitte Ezi-East)27. Prof. E. C. Ejiogu (Onicha Ezi-East)28. Mr. Tochukwu Inyamah ( ITU Ezi-Centre)29. Barr. Nnamdi Ukasoanya (Obizi Ezi-East)30. Laserian Akoma (Itu Ezi-Centre)31. Ifeanyi Chinagorom (Ezeagbogu Ezi-Centre)32.Chief Ositadinma Nwosu (Chokoneze Ezi-west)33. Prof. B.O.C Uwalaka ( Chokoneze Ezi- Wedt)34. Prof T. Uzodinma Nwala (Itu Ezi-Centre)35. Stan Okey Ukah ( Amumara Ezi-Centre) •Governor Hope Uzodinma ABUJA ((SundiataPost) - The Imo State Government has described as fake news a story trending on WhatsApp platforms claiming that Governor Hope Uzodinma has paid N8m to Fulani herdsmen who purportedly lost their cattle in Ezinihitte, Mbaise. In the same story that was purportedly issued as a… May 14, 2020 In "News" The government of Imo State has agreed to pay a compensation fee of N8 million to some Fulani cattle rearers whose cows numbering up to 55 were declared missing. DAILY POST reports that the resolution followed a meeting summoned by the Interim Management Committee chairman of Ezinihitte LGA, F. S… May 4, 2020 In "News" The Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, has declared he is a governor of both Christians and Muslims in the state. Uzodinma was reacting to the controversy over his alleged inauguration of an Imam in the state. Addressing journalists in Abuja yesterday, the governor stated that the Imam, who visited him… March 2, 2020 In "News"