President Donald Trump has vetoed legislation that limited a president’s ability to wage war against Iran without the approval of Congress. On Wednesday, Mr Trump said that he vetoed the Iran war powers resolution because it was “insulting” to the presidency. In a statement, he argued that the nonbinding legislation “purported to direct me to terminate the use of United States Armed Forces in hostilities against Iran.” Congress passed the Iran war powers resolution in the aftermath of the US killing of Iranian general Qassem Soleimani, amid widespread concerns about tensions between the US and Iran. At the time, the resolution – which was introduced to Congress by Democratic Senator Tim Kaine – showed bipartisan support for reigning-in president Trump’s war-making powers. “This was a very insulting resolution, introduced by Democrats as part of a strategy to win an election on November 3 by dividing the Republican Party,” said Trump in the White House statement on Wednesday. “The few Republicans who voted for it played right into their hands.” In another White House memo, reported CNN, the president said “This indefinite prohibition is unnecessary and dangerous”. “The resolution implies that the President’s constitutional authority to use military force is limited to defense of the United States and its forces against imminent attack. That is incorrect,” Trump said on Wednesday. Trump continued: “We live in a hostile world of evolving threats, and the Constitution recognises that the President must be able to anticipate our adversaries’ next moves and take swift and decisive action in response. That’s what I did!” Congress is not expected to override the president’s veto during a vote on Thursday, as Republicans hold a 53-to 47-seat majority in the US senate. Mr. Kaine on Wednesday called on senators to vote with him to override the veto, saying on Twitter: “I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to override his veto—Congress must vote before sending our troops into harm’s way.” The resolution was passed by the House of Representatives in March and the Senate in April, with the support of a small number of Republicans. (www.newsnow.co.uk) Beirut     -      Iran’s Quds force chief Qassem Soleimani warned U.S. President Donald Trump against war on Thursday, saying it would “destroy all that you possess”, the website of Iran’s Arabic language Al Alam TV reported. “You know that this war will destroy all that you possess. You will start this… July 26, 2018 In "Foreign" •Iranian President Hassan Rouhani (R) had threatened to restart enrichment if sanctions continued Iran has declared it will no longer abide by any of the restrictions imposed by the 2015 nuclear deal. In a statement it said it would no longer observe limitations on its capacity for enrichment, the level… January 6, 2020 In "Foreign" A US-born prolific author and mobile pundit, Tomi Ahonen, has said it will be impossible for the United States to defeat Iran if the two nations engage in what is now predicted to be deadliest after World War 2 of 1942. Ahonen, also a consultant, known to be critical of… January 3, 2020 In "Foreign"