Mosques will remain closed for prayers on the Eid-Ul-Fitr festival, Saudi and United Arab Emirates officials said Friday. They asked the population to adhere to safety guidelines to avoid the spread of the novel coronavirus. The Eid, which marks the end of the holy fasting month of Ramadan, may come up today or tomorrow in the Gulf region. The Saudi Press Agency said the Islamic Affairs Minister, Abdullatif al-Sheikh, gave instructions not to have Eid prayers in mosques. “Muslims will hold the Eid prayer at home because of the pandemic,” it quoted Sheikh Abdul Bari al-Thubaiti, the prayer leader, of the Prophet’s Mosque in Medina, as saying. During Ramadan, prayers without worshippers were held by Imams in the two holy mosques of Mecca and Medina, in the west of the kingdom. In the UAE, the Dubai government’s media office said on Twitter that mosques will remain closed and listed a series of Eid customs that should not be observed, including family visits and giving gifts or money to children. The Nation Taraweeh prayers in Mecca and Medina during the Ramadan have been suspended globally by Saudi Arabia. Ramadan, the Muslim month of fasting, is expected to begin on April 23. However, owing to increasing cases of COVID-19 globally, Saudi’s Ministry of Islamic Affairs, Dawah and Guidance, in a statement, announced that… April 20, 2020 In "Top Stories" Lebanon -  Muslims around the world celebrated the Eid-al-Fitr religious holiday on Wednesday, marking the end of Islam's holy month of Ramadan. Like the start of Ramadan, during which believers abstain from eating and drinking during daylight hours, Eid-al-Fitr depends on the sighting of the moon and its celebration varies… July 6, 2016 In "Foreign" GENEVA/DUBAI  - The U.N. human rights chief on Tuesday called a suicide bombing outside the Prophet Mohammad's Mosque in the Saudi city of Medina an attack on Islam itself and many Muslims expressed shock that their second-holiest site had been targeted. Three apparently coordinated suicide attacks on Monday targeted Medina,… July 5, 2016 In "Foreign"