By Cecilia Ijuo  Abuja  – President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Mr Alwan Hassan as Acting Managing Director, Bank of Agriculture (BOA). This was contained in a statement by Mr Theodore Ogaziechi, Director of Information, Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, on Thursday in Abuja. Ogaziechi said the appointment followed the dissolution of the Interim Management Team of BOA. He noted that the appointment of Hassan was conveyed to Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Malam Sabo Nanono, through a letter dated May 5, 2020 with reference No. PRES/95/MARD/14. Hassan hail from Kano State and holds a Masters Degree in Business Administration. He served on the Management Boards of Orient Bank, Uganda; Bank PHB in the Gambia and Platinum Capital and Trust Limited, Nigeria. He also worked with First Bank of Nigeria, African International Bank Limited, United Bank for Africa and the Central Bank of Nigeria. Until his appointment, he was Chairman/Chief Executive Officer of Midrange Universal Biz Ltd. He is a member of Chartered Institute of Bankers, Nigerian Institute of Quantity Surveyors among others. He attended IMD Business School Lausanne, Switzerland and Intrados Business School, Washington DC, U.S. The Bank of Agriculture is the nation’s apex agricultural and rural development finance institution. It is saddled with the responsibility of providing agricultural credit facilities in support of agricultural value chain activities. (NAN) The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Prof. Musa Ahmed as the Vice Chancellor of the newly-established University of Agriculture, Zuru in Kebbi State. This was disclosed by the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono in Abuja yesterday. He added that Yusuf Bazata, from… April 10, 2020 In "Politics" Abuja - The Managing Director, Bank of Agriculture (BoA), Prof. Danbala Danju, on Monday called for the repositioning and funding of the agriculture sector to boost food production in the country. Danju told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja that he hoped the Federal Government would inject more… July 13, 2015 In "Business" ‎By Nse Anthony-Uko, ABUJA, (Sundiata Post) - President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday approved the appointment of Kabiru Mohammed as interim Managing director/CEO, Bank of Agriculture (BOA). He is from the North West. Also appointed are four Executive Directors namely Prince A. Akenzua ED, Corporate Finance, from South South; Okenwa Gabriel, ED,… March 23, 2017 In "Business"