By Diana Omueza  Abuja  –   The Social Democratic Party (SDP) on Sunday announced the death of the Chairman of the party in Cross River, Chief Etta Onghiri. The National Chairman of the SDP, Chief Supo Shonibare, made the announcement in a statement, signed by the party’s National Publicity Secretary, Mr Alfa Mohammed, in Abuja. Shonibare described Onghiri as an active progressive leader, who spent most of his life championing the cause of the party and the people of Cross River. He said that Onghiri’s death was shocking to both the SDP and the people of Cross River. “Onghiri was a man, who spent a considerable period in the progressive wing of politics and made great efforts in deepening the support base of SDP in Cross Rivers State. “It is a pity that we have lost his continuing participation in the struggle and efforts to elevate SDP into a prominent position in the leadership of competing parties. “He would have made SDP to emerge as the truly progressive party with the well being of the people being the main objective policy of government.” Shonibare commiserated with the family of the late chairman, the SDP leadership and members of the party. (NAN) By Christian Njoku Calabar - The Social Democratic Party (SDP) in Cross River says the signing of peace accord by all governorship candidates in the state is necessary. The Governorship candidate of the SDP in the state, Mr Eyo Ekpo, made this known in an interview with the News Agency… January 28, 2019 In "Politics" By Emmanuel Oloniruha   Abuja -  The Social Democratic Party (SDP) said it had received a Federal High Court judgment directing it to recognise Prof. Jerry Gana as its presidential candidate for 2019 election. The party’s Deputy National Chairman, Dr Abdul Isiaq, disclosed this when he received Gana who paid… December 20, 2018 In "Politics" An FCT High Court in Maitama on Friday declared a former Minister of Information, Jerry Gana, the winner of the presidential primary election of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) conducted on October 6. The party had declared a former governor of Cross River state, Donald Duke, the winner of the… December 14, 2018 In "Top Stories"