Media personality, IK Osakioduwa revealed why he thinks men have side chicks in an Instalive chat with Toke Makinwa last night. IK Osakioduwa who stated that he doesn’t believe in the concept of dating down, maintained that when people are happy with people they are dating no matter their status, it simply means “dating differently”. However after Toke Makinwa pointed out that most men can’t handle successful women no matter how much the woman tries to keep the relationship, IK stated that “men have to be needed”. The media personality insinuated that men have side chicks because most times their wives don’t make them feel needed. He stated that men need to know that their presence is needed, and side chicks most times present such needs. He backed his claim by saying that God made man and gave him a work to do, meaning there should be an effect; while God made women and gave her to man, meaning she is relational by nature. Here is the video below; . . According to media personality, a man has to feel needed and side chicks present such needs to them. . A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on May 6, 2020 at 11:40pm PDT Source There are any Nigerian celebrity eligible bachelors and spinsters at the moment. These are some of them.  There is no gainsaying that the hoard of ravishingly gorgeous divas and extremely handsome dudes in the Nigerian show business have defied numeration. But what is more apparent is how fans seem to… June 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Men who cheat on their wives would always lay promises of leaving their wives in order to marry these other women. Accusations of being terrible in bed, being old and fat among other things will be thrown around against the wife regularly. But guess what? They still won’t leave her.… March 18, 2020 In "News" Men who cheat on their wives would always lay promises of leaving their wives in order to marry these other women. Accusations of being terrible in bed, being old and fat among other things will be thrown around against the wife regularly. But guess what? They still won’t leave her.… March 17, 2020 In "Metro"