ABUJA ((SundiataPost) – The Imo State Government has described as fake news a story trending on WhatsApp platforms claiming that Governor Hope Uzodinma has paid N8m to Fulani herdsmen who purportedly lost their cattle in Ezinihitte, Mbaise. In the same story that was purportedly issued as a press release by Mr. Oguwike Nwachuku, Uzodinma’s Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser, the state government was said to have accepted to harbour Almajiris coming into Imo State in the name of “One Nigeria”. On received the trending WhatsApp story, Sundiata Post sought clarification from the state government through Mr. Nwachuku. In response, the CPS/Media Adviser described the story as fake and said the State Government was going to issue a statement. Below is the Imo State Government’s reaction: PDP and Fixation on Fake News The attention of the Office of the Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser to Governor Hope Uzodimma has been drawn to fake news making the rounds on social media, purporting that Imo State  Government paid ₦8m to Fulani herdsmen, who allegedly lost their cows at Ezinihitte, Mbaise. In the said fake news, the criminals also purportedly wrote that the Governor met with the leadership of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) at the Government House, Owerri. Those who generated the obvious fake news also criminally signed off for the Chief PressSecretary/Media Adviser, Oguwike Nwachuku, in a desperate attempt to legitimise their criminal intent and have the buy-in of the public. This is not the first, nor will it likely be the last time agents of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will criminally issue a statement purporting same to have emanated from the Office of the Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser. They did when former Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abba Kyari died and, in their warped mentality and hallucination, renamed the Imo State University after Kyari. Their intention then was to deploy misinformation to discredit the government of Governor Uzodimma and cause disharmony between the government and the good people of Imo State. They failed! Again, today, May 14, 2020, the same people whose stock in trade is to disseminate false reports onsocial media to satiate the appetite of their pay masters have been paid to do what they and their sponsors are good at criminality. Again, they have failed! For the avoidance of doubt, the Government of Imo State under the watch of our able Governor Uzodimma does not know what the PDP-sponsored criminals are talking about as regards thepurported payment of ₦8m and meeting. The Office of the Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser, therefore, dissociates itself from the purported press release and purported payment, the imaginary meetings between the Governor and MACBAN, and the gibberish associated with the non-existent meetings. While the government is very much committed to a society, where constructive criticism helps to bring development, it will continue to have zero tolerance for people who deploy criminality and subjective criticism with the intention of misinforming and misleading the public. It is a shame that the purveyours of fake news on the current Imo State Government have sold their consciences that one wonders if Mac Zukerberg, the founder of Facebook and also owner of Whatsapp, will not be wondering if they are under spell. On a day Imo people are reflecting and rejoicing over nearly one billion Naira that has been traced to be in dormant accounts in one bank alone due to the recklessness of the past administrations, a gang of PDP-sponsored social media zealots are busy orchestrating fake news, just to divert attention and cause disharmony. What a shame? The government of Governor Uzodimma is irrevocably committed to good governance and will not be distracted, not even by the resort to fake news by the opposition and their agents as a blackmail tool. The public in general and Imo people in particular should, therefore, ignore every fake news meant to misinform them about Imo State Government activities, more so, as Governor Uzodimma is not interested in telling anybody lies. The era of deceit is gone. We also caution the reading public to be wary of fake news materials they are quick to help thecriminal-minded propagandists, blackmailers and enemies of development share on social media as doing so will portray them as accomplices. •Oguwike NwachukuChief Press Secretary/Media Adviser (Gov.) May 14, 2020 •Governor Hope Uzodinma By IKECHUKWU IWEAJUNWA OWERRI - Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo has debunked reports credited to him that he was making moves to rename the Imo State University (IMSU) after Malam Abba Kyari, late Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, to immortalise him. Uzodimma described the report… April 21, 2020 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Imo state Governor, Hope Uzodinma has been honoured with the “Grand Facilitator” award by the National Federation of Catholic students, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka (UNIZIK). According to the statement by Mr. Oguwike Nwachku, the Chief Press Secretary/Media Adviser to Governor Uzodinma, the award… March 1, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Imo State Government has approved immediate implementation of the N30,000 minimum wage in the State Public Service. A release issued by the Chief Press Secretary/ Media Adviser to Governor Hope Uzodinma, Oguwike Nwachuku, said the payment of the minimum wage would be for the least paid worker on Grade… February 6, 2020 In "News"