JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) – S&P Global Ratings on Friday said it projects South Africa’s economy to shrink by 4.5% this year as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic that has impacted production and consumption. In April, S&P downgraded South Africa’s credit rating further into non-investment-grade territory, saying COVID-19-related pressures would have significant adverse implications for the country’s already-ailing economy and for tax revenues. It lowered its long-term foreign-currency rating on South Africa to “BB-minus” from “BB” and its long-term local-currency rating to “BB” from “BB-plus,” with a stable outlook. “COVID-19 will weigh heavily on GDP growth given the strict domestic lockdown that has shut down much of the economy, the markedly weaker external demand outlook, and tighter credit conditions,” S&P said. “As a result, we now project the economy to shrink by 4.5% this year.” The ratings agency projects growth of 3.5% for 2021. South Africa’s lockdown has entered its ninth week, leaving many businesses and individuals struggling without income in the recession-hit economy. S&P said the weaker macroeconomic environment would also weigh heavily on fiscal revenues, projecting that the fiscal deficit would widen to 13.3% of gross domestic product in 2020 —the widest in the country’s democratic history. S&P estimates net debt levels would rise to over 75% of GDP by the end of 2020. “Our anticipation of an only tepid economic recovery means that public financing needs will likely remain elevated throughout the forecast period,” S&P said. “As a result, the net debt-to-GDP ratio is unlikely to stabilise within this timeframe, rising to 85% by 2023, raising questions around debt sustainability.” JOHANNESBURG  - S&P Global Ratings affirmed South Africa’s sub-investment grade credit rating and kept its stable outlook on Friday, warning the country’s improved economic growth remained tentative and the fiscal position was still weak. Africa’s most industrialised economy has barely grown in the past decade with fiscal missteps and government… May 27, 2018 In "Business" JOHANNESBURG    -      S&P Global Ratings kept South Africa’s foreign-currency and local-currency credit ratings at below investment grade on Friday. “Anaemic economic growth in 2018 and sizable contingent liabilities continue to weigh on South Africa’s fiscal prospects and debt burden,” S&P said, adding that it had a “stable” outlook on… November 25, 2018 In "Business" JOHANNESBURG  - S&P Global Ratings said in a report published on Thursday that South Africa’s sovereign credit ratings were unlikely to be downgraded deeper into “junk” territory, after Turkey’s ratings suffered that fate earlier this month. S&P, one of two major ratings agencies to rate South Africa’s foreign-currency debt below… August 30, 2018 In "Business"