By Fortune Abang Abuja  –  Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan, Ambassador of Israel to Nigeria, has underscored the need for ECOWAS to invest in the development of orphanages, to promote children wellbeing in post Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Ben-Shoshan, also Permanent Representative of Israel to ECOWAS, said this in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria, (NAN) while donating food items to Darlez Care orphanage Home in Abuja. The items, which included rice, beans, groundnut-oil, pasta and maize, were put together in collaboration with ChabadAid, MAG Tech System Ltd. Kings of the World and Brand Life Vision Foundation. He said that the need to focus on children has become important because they are the future of every country, irrespective of their religious background as Muslims, Christians or Jews. According to him, ECOWAS is suppose to look at this kind of operations and how children in need in each member country are part of the community in the fight against COVID-19. Ben-Shoshan said, “We need to ensure efforts that we can, instead of fighting each other to create this kind of charity homes, not only during COVID-19 pandemic, but post pandemic era. “To remember this kind of brotherhood; efforts to overcome COVID-19 and take it to another level, which means to fight climate change that affects the food, starvation, water and air we breathe. “Fight climate change and prevent other virus we do not know from coming, this is not the last and it is not the first. “So, we need to prepare ourselves to take efforts to these children and also think about them. “Whenever we are about to fight ourselves, instead let us use our resources and our offering to do good things, in order to give a better world to these kinds of children.” He expressed appreciation to the management of the orphanage, saying he feels glad to see orphans well catered for by amazing people. Receiving the items, Sen. Eze Ajoku, Managing Director and Founder of the orphanage, expressed appreciation to the Ambassador, saying he was the first visitor to the place since the COVID-19 pandemic. Ajoku, also a former Senator representing Imo-East, said that preventive measures were observed to guard against spread of the virus by keeping people from interacting with the children. Ajoku said, “These are children who for one reason or the other their parents could not take responsibilities for them. “We do this as a charity to give back to the society; orphanages in Nigeria are not funded by the government. “We started this operation in 2015 and have not received one naira as support from the government, so we rely on donations and what we can afford ourselves to sustain our operations.” Ajoku, who is President of the Coalition of Orphanages and Children Homes in Nigeria, said that they were 14 inmates, 4 Nannies, 1 Security operative and 1 driver, saying 15-children were already adopted. (NAN) The Embassy of Israel in Nigeria on Thursday donated 2,000 protective face masks to support Nigerian medical personnel in the ongoing fight against the coronavirus pandemic. Ambassador of Israel to Nigeria, Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan, while delivering the face masks to the Minister of Health, Mr Osagie Ehanire, said the items… May 7, 2020 In "News" By Fortune Abang Abuja - Israel has underscored the need for collective effort across the globe to combat the upsurge of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan, Ambassador of Israel to Nigeria, in a statement on Thursday in Abuja, said that such collective effort had become necessary because COVID-19… May 7, 2020 In "Foreign" By Ifeanyi Nwoko Abuja - In a bid to contain the spread of the coronavirus disease in West Africa, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has directed the establishment of Committees on Coronavirus Management in all its institutions. It also placed stringent restriction on meetings and missions as… March 17, 2020 In "News"