PARIS (Reuters) – Rwandan genocide suspect Felicien Kabuga, arrested this month after more than two decades on the run, told a French court on Wednesday that the international charges against him were lies. Kabuga has been indicted by U.N. prosecutors for genocide and incitement to commit genocide, among other charges. He is accused of bankrolling and arming the ethnic Hutu militias which killed 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus over 100 days in 1994. Asked if he understood the charges, Kabuga told the court through an interpreter: “All of this is lies. I have not killed any Tutsis. I was working with them.” Kabuga was arrested in a Paris suburb on May 16. His lawyers told the court he should be released under court supervision because of his age and ill-health, and that the results of a DNA test used to identify him should be annulled as he had not given consent. The court’s three judges, who are due to decide whether to transfer Kabuga to the international tribunal based in The Hague and Arusha, Tanzania. Kabuga was too elderly and sick to be transferred and should be tried in France, his lawyers said. “This court is just saying ‘go and get judged elsewhere but not here’. It wants to hand him over him without consideration for his age and health, which could have irreversible consequences,” defence lawyer Laurent Bayon told the court. •French lawyer Emmanuel Altit, who defends Rwandan genocide suspect Felicien Kabuga, arrives to attend the initial extradition hearing for Felicien Kabuga at the Paris courthouse, France, May 20, 2020.REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes PARIS (Reuters) - Rwandan genocide suspect Felicien Kabuga, indicted in his absence on charges of bankrolling ethnic militias that massacred… May 20, 2020 In "Foreign" French authorities said on Saturday that they had arrested a Rwandan man with a 5-million-dollar bounty on his head and who is among the most wanted for the 1994 genocide in the east African country. Felicien Kabuga was arrested in Paris as a result of a joint investigation with the… May 16, 2020 In "Foreign" •Photographs of people who were killed during the 1994 genocide are seen inside the Kigali Genocide Memorial Museum as the country prepares to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the genocide in the Rwandan capital Kigali April 5, 2014. An estimated 800,000 people were killed in 100 days during the genocide.… May 22, 2020 In "Foreign"