Since the Federal Ministry of Health confirmed the first case of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Nigeria on Thursday, February 27, 2020, through the entry of an Italian citizen who works in Nigeria, the Lagos State Government has provided effective and exemplary leadership in containing the spread of the deadly disease in the state. But unfortunately, the increasing number of cases recorded daily ever since then, appears to be overshadowing the tremendous and commendable efforts being made (daily also) by the Lagos State Government as well as the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), to stop the spread of the very stubborn virus. The seriousness attached to the fight against the spread of COVID-19 made the Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to take the title of an Incident Commander. According to the Wikipedia, the concept of an Incident Command System was first used in a meeting of Fire Chiefs in Southern California, USA, for the purpose of fighting off wildfires. It has since then evolved as a system used in fighting all-hazards (disaster management) situations. The system offers a standardised approach to command, control and coordination of emergency response. And a major feature of its operation is the existence of unity of command driven by management by objectives (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incident_Command_System). Since adopting this title, the governor has lived to the expectation, working tirelessly with his able lieutenants (such as the Honourable Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi)  to stop the spread of the coronavirus. Writing about the performance of the Governor as an Incident Commander, Segun James in a write-up in THISDAY, May 6, 2020 has this to say: As the Chief Incident Commander on the COVID-19 pandemic in the state, Sanwo-Olu took the battle against the disease head on. At the beginning of the pandemic in the country, only Lagos was ready with a standard facility to house victims. Since the outbreak, he has increased the number of isolation centres in the state to eight, each with no less than 100 bed capacity. He updated the people daily on what is happening and what efforts the government is taking to manage it. For his efforts, corporate organisations, individuals and the federal government have donated cash and medical materials to the government, all in appreciation of how Sanwo-Olu has handled the situation. He has since become a role model for other Governors in the country. (see https://www.thisdaylive.com/index.php/2020/05/06/the-making-of-an-action-governor/). In this role model spirit of comparison, the Editorial Board of the BusinessDay had earlier, on May 4, 2020 commented on the governor’s fighting effort against COVID-19 as follows: To be fair, the performance of the governors of Ogun and Oyo States in managing the pandemic has also been commendable. However, Sanwo-Olu stands above all others in empathetic leadership, practical organization and effective communication of the dangers posed by a virus… (see https://businessday.ng/editorial/article/sanwo-olus-leadership-skills-come-under-covid-19-test/). The editorial also contrasted Sanwo-Olu’s performance ‘with the shambolic handling of the pandemic’ by a particular Northern governor who lived in denial of the ravaging effects of the virus in his state. In spite of all the efforts of the government, the rising cases of infection recorded in Lagos State appear very embarrassing. As at 17 May 2020, the number of cases in Lagos stood at 2,550, with 556 recoveries/discharged, and 36 deaths (see NCDC via https://covid19.ncdc.gov.ng/). Lagos State has remained the epicentre of COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria, with Kano State sharing this enviable appellation with her. Again, even with the new figure of 2,550 (as of May 17, 2020), Lagos still retains its 42% of the total number of cases in Nigeria which rose to 5,950 (May 17, 2020) as reported by the NCDC. The rising cases in Lagos have brought a lot of pressure on the State government’s efforts to contain the spread of the virus. It was reported less than two weeks ago, that Lagos was running out of bed spaces. Given the Mega City population of Lagos, and also as recording the index case in Nigeria, the rising numbers, are understandable. But some critics may be wondering if the gentle, persuasive and ‘democratic’ style of the Incident Commander is very effective in reducing the rising numbers. Although, one cannot deny that the governor has shown some gentleman’s sense of aggressiveness, and has also demonstrated commendable level of activism in fighting the virus, one can still question whether this gentle style is actually very effective in stopping the high level of non-compliance by Lagosians to the lockdown restrictions and the social distancing protocols. Given the high level of impunity displayed in the violation of lockdown restrictions by Lagosians, it may be advisable for governor Sanwo-Olu to add a bit of Governor Nyesom Wike’s ‘highhandedness’ to curb the high level of impunity going on in Lagos. Wike’s overzealous style (often combined with objectionable doses of draconian measures) has succeeded considerably to keep the number of COVID-19 infections in the state very low (ie total cases standing at 51, with three deaths, as at 17 May 2020). Just last week, admirers of Governor Sanwo-Olu called him a democrat, and then called Wike a despot. This was because, faced with same situations where two hotels flouted the lockdown restrictions in their different domains, Governor Sanwo-Olu shut them down, while Governor Wike demolished them. My conclusion therefore, is that although Governor Sanwo-Olu’s gentle, persuasive, and democratic style is commendable, but a little dose of highhandedness within the limits of the law, is recommended to curb the flagrant violation of the lockdown restrictions, and the social distancing etiquette by Lagosians. Yes, Nigeria is a lawless society but the level of lawlessness in the society, is unimaginably high in Lagos. Prof. Isaac N. Obasi, a public policy expert (& former columnist in the Daily Trust, Abuja, March 2003 to October 2006, & Daily Champion, Lagos, April 2005 to December 2008), is of the Department of Public Administration, University of Abuja. Email: nnamdizik@gmail.com Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, and his wife, Joke, have tested negative for coronavirus, The PUNCH reports. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made this known early Friday morning. Before announcing the results, there had been fears over the status of the governor who was believed to… April 3, 2020 In "Politics" By Oluwatope Lawanson Lagos - Gov. Babajide Sanwo-olu of Lagos State has called on community, religious and traditional leaders as well as associations and educationists to cooperate with his administration in spreading information essential for containment of coronavirus. The governor made the call on Tuesday at a Stakeholders’ Forum on… March 3, 2020 In "News" •Governor Babajide Sonwo-Olu LAGOS - The Lagos State Government is considering the imposition of curfew, as part of efforts to curtail the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu revealed this during a press conference on Friday while giving an update on the disease. “Are we moving… March 27, 2020 In "News"