A South Korean man was jailed for four months on Tuesday for breaking coronavirus quarantine rules, authorities said, in the country’s first such prison sentence. South Korea endured one of the worst early outbreaks of the virus – at one point the second-worst-hit nation after mainland China – but appears to have largely brought it under control thanks to an extensive “trace, test and treat” programme. Life in the country is returning largely to normal and hundreds of thousands of South Korean pupils have gone back school after a delay of more than two months, in a process being closely watched as parts of Europe start to re-open. The jailed man, 27, was arrested in April after breaking the quarantines rules twice. He left his residence while under 14-day self-isolation and was then moved to a quarantine facility, where he was again caught leaving without permission. The man was “convicted of violating the Infectious Diseases Control and Prevention Act, and was given four months in jail”, an official at the Uijeongbu District Court told AFP. Prosecutors had requested a one-year prison sentence. South Korean authorities are stepping up measures to try to prevent outbreaks recurring following a nightclub cluster earlier this month, and from Tuesday people are obliged to wear masks when using public transport and taxis nationwide. In February, the country’s National Assembly passed a law imposing maximum sentences of one year in prison or a 10-million-won ($8,000) fine for deliberately breaking infectious diseases quarantine. Officials in the East Asian nation of 52 million announced 19 new cases Tuesday, taking its total to 11,225. (Punch) Seoul (Sundiata Post) -  South Korea’s new coronavirus cases stayed around 30 for the second straight day Sunday, and the recovery rate of its virus patients topped 70 per cent since its first case in late January. The country reported 32 more cases of COVID-19, bringing the nation’s total infections… April 12, 2020 In "Foreign" Hanoi - Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc has asked the foreign affairs ministry to ban entry to nationals from countries hit by the novel coronavirus outbreak, state media said on Wednesday. The ban will focus on countries hardest hit by the virus, such as Italy, Iran, South Korea, and… February 26, 2020 In "Foreign" Seoul - South Korea reported another major increase in infections of the new coronavirus on Wednesday, with figures showing 516 new cases and four more deaths. This brings the total cases to 5,328 and the death toll up to 32. The majority of the cases – including 494 of the… March 4, 2020 In "Foreign"