Obinna Anusiem from Umuima Atta in Njaba Local Government Area of Imo state, has been arrested for allegedly faking the kidnap of his wife, Chinyere and their two children. Anusiem, 34, was among the 28 suspects arrested by the Police Command in Imo and paraded in Owerri on Friday for alleged various crimes. The new Commissioner of Police (CP) in the state, Mr Isaac Akinmoyede, told journalists that the suspect reported at Njaba Police Station that his wife and two children were kidnapped on April 12 by his cousin, Okechukwu Anusie. Akinmoyede, however, said that upon “discreet investigation” by the Anti-Kidnapping Unit, it was discovered that the suspect (complainant) was actually behind the purported aduction. He said that it was further discovered that the suspect hid his wife and children in his in-law’s house in Okwudor community in the area. The police chief said: “He hid them there and maliciously accused Okechukwu of kidnapping them because of land dispute and other family misunderstanding. “He has confessed committing the crime. The suspect will soon appear in court.” The suspect said that he faked the kidnap to punish his cousin who he accused of selling their family land and diverting the proceeds to his personal account without giving him a dime. “I did not kidnap my wife and children. I only took them to my wife’s place because I want the police to arrest him for selling our land. Please forgive me,” Obinna said. The new CP said he would adopt the community policing strategy in fighting crime in the state. He said, “Imo is peaceful. I met a peaceful atmosphere when I came but I will not allow any criminal to operate freely in the state.” He also warned officers and men of the command against human rights abuse and receiving bribe. According to him, any operative caught indulging in sharp practices will face severe sanctions. Source By Ikechukwu Iweajunwa Owerri - Police Imo have arrested one Obinna Anusiem from Umuima Atta in Njaba Local Government Area of the state for allegedly faking the kidnap of his wife, Chinyere and their two children. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Anusiem, 34, was among the 28… May 22, 2020 In "Metro" According to a report by Punch Metro, two brothers, Hyacinth Okeh and Fredrick Okweli, arrested by operatives of the Enugu State Police Command, on Friday said they were forced into kidnapping to avenge the abduction of their sister by their victim’s brothers. The suspects, who are aged 20 and 22… July 20, 2019 In "Metro" One of the mansions demolished At least, three houses belonging to a suspected leader of a kidnap gang, Okechukwu Uche, in Owaelu, Uratta in the Owerri North Local Government Area of Imo State have been demolished. According to TheNation, Uche, who is currently in jail at the Owerri Correctional Center,… February 19, 2020 In "News"