Dar es Salaam  –  The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Thursday rejected claims by Tanzanian President John Magufuli that coronavirus tests in his country had been faulty. WHO Africa director Matshidiso Moeti rejected the claim at a media briefing. “We are convinced that the tests … are not contaminated with the virus. “We are not in agreement with (Magufuli’s) point of view,” Moeti said. This is coming after Magufuli said on Sunday that Tanzania’s COVID-19 test kits had been defective, as they had provided positive results after tests from a goat and a pawpaw fruit had been submitted. Dr John Nkengasong, director of the Africa Centres for Disease Control (CDC), said Tanzania was using test kits supplied by the Africa CDC in collaboration with the Chinese Jack Ma Foundation, which met international standards. “Tanzania is using the same test that everyone is using,” Nkengasong said, noting that it was improbable the tests were faulty. Meanwhile, Tanzania has suspended the director and quality control manager of its national laboratory pending an investigation after the allegedly faulty results. Tanzania’s Health Ministry made this known in a statement. Magufuli’s response to the coronavirus pandemic has received much criticism, as the East African nation has implemented only few and measures to curb the spread of the virus. Social distancing is hardly practiced in Tanzania, where mosques and churches remain open. Magufuli has also suggested praying and herbal steam baths could help prevent infection. The East African nation has reported 480 coronavirus cases so far. (dpa/NAN) DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Coronavirus test kits used in Tanzania were dismissed as faulty by President John Magufuli on Sunday, because he said they had returned positive results on samples taken from a goat and a pawpaw. Magufuli, whose government has already drawn criticism for being secretive about the… May 4, 2020 In "Foreign" President John Magufuli of Tanzania has ordered a probe on the country's COVID-19 test kits after goat and pawpaw tested positive for coronavirus. President Magufuli while speaking at an event in Chato in the northwest of Tanzania, revealed that the COVID-19 testing kits which had been imported from abroad had… May 4, 2020 In "Foreign" NAIROBI   -       The soldiers started fanning out in the cashew nut growing regions of southern Tanzania - a jolting sight for traders and, campaigners say, a watershed moment for a country once held up as a darling of development groups. The government said the troops were there last week to… November 23, 2018 In "Foreign"