In the days following the stroke which would eventually take his life, one issue weighed heavily on Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu- Ojukwu’s mind. That ‘issue’ was the immortalisation of Bruce Mayrock, the 20-year-old who set himself ablaze in front of the UN Building in New York on this day (29th Of May ) in 1969 to draw attention to the plight of the Biafran people (a people whom he had never met, and whom he believed were at the brink of extermination, engaged in a desperate war for survival), who died in the early hours of 30th May, on the anniversary of the declaration of Biafra. “There is still time”, I assured my anxious spouse.. “You will get through this, and then you will do it, as you planned”.His response destabilised me. “I am a soldier..” he said, looking straight into my eyes with all the equanimity of a man whose fate already lay before him;“the only modes of death  I am conditioned to anticipate, happen to be death at the battlefield or by execution…I never expected to get this far. If I don’t make it, do what you can…our people must never forget….” Sadly, he did not survive….And steadily I embarked, stage by stage, upon Project Mayrock which, to the Glory of God, is nearing completion and slated for commissioning by the end of the year. The Mayrock is an edifice including a conference hall with projectors, an exhibition floor that will house artistic depictions, iconic photos and historic scenes of our 30-month long heroic battle for survival. Sculptures of Bruce Mayrock will adorn the landscape and memorial hall. Pupils from various schools will have an opportunity to visit and learn more about our struggle. The buildings and some of the artworks as shown here are still in process, however since this particular anniversary marks 50 years of the end of the Biafra War – a momentous milestone – I thought it timely to share this initiative. The only input you are required to make into this project is to pass on the story of this selfless sacrifice, and that of so many others to our struggle, to your children. ‘A nation which forgets it’s defenders will itself be forgotten’ (Calvin Coolidge). My appreciation goes to to the architects and Arcon Builders, the sculptors, artists as well the curators working with me on this project, to my children for their research and assistance and very importantly, my profound thanks to Chief C. Martins Ndujepu. We started this journey together.To our departed Leader Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu….,On yet another anniversary of the self-immolation and death of Bruce Mayrock, it is my honour to affirm to you – Ikemba Igbo nine, General Of the People’s Army, Odum n’eche Igbo…that We have not forgotten; and the promise is fulfilled. The memories of  our Martyr Bruce and of all those who gave their lives that we may live…are enshrined in our hearts and minds. Generations yet unborn will be reminded of their sacrifice. The Mayrock Memorial Building stands as a monument and tribute to uncommon courage and heroism.Brother Bruce…The people of Biafra, Land of the Rising Sun,  today raise their trumpets in your honour. Again, We say THANK YOU. We will Never forget you. •Ambassador Bianca Odumegwu-Ojukwu, widow of Dim Emeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu, wrote this piece on Friday, 29 May 2020 to commemorate the death of Bruce Mayrock YENAGOA - Former Director-General, Nigerian Television Authority, Mr Ben Murray-Bruce, has promised to work toward the eradication of poverty if elected senator in 2015. Murray-Bruce has expressed interest in running for Bayelsa East Senatorial seat under the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He told News Agency of Nigeria… October 30, 2014 In "News" Joining Aston Villa Is Because I Can’t Bear To Face Chelsea, Terry Says July 3, 2017 In "Sports" By Tunde Fagbenle   The first time he came to my notice strong enough for me to comment upon was in May 2015 when he and another senator, Dino Melaye, formed the title of my then column in Sunday Punch (now abruptly rested, in Nigerian parlance, “due to circumstances beyond… February 27, 2016 In "Opinion"