Canada announced Tuesday a one-time payment of up to Can$500 (US$360) for seniors — who as a group have suffered the most COVID-19 sickness and fatalities — to help defray added pandemic costs of living. An estimated seven million elderly Canadians qualify for the aid. “The last few weeks have been particularly tough for our seniors and their families,” Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told a daily briefing. “Our parents and our grandparents are most at risk of catching the COVID-19 virus and of suffering the most serious consequences right across the country,” he said. The pandemic, he said, exposed shortfalls in care at nursing homes, where roughly 80 percent of COVID-19 deaths in Canada occurred. The crisis led to the military being sent in to help feed and care for residents. A lockdown has also left many elderly Canadians isolated, and facing additional costs for prescription drugs or grocery deliveries, for example, “which means they can’t take advantage of sales in stores,” Trudeau said. “It’s hard on their morale, as well as on their finances,” he said. AFP Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says the Canada Emergency Response Benefit will give $2,000 to any worker who loses their income as a result of the novel Coronavirus. In a broadcast on the COVID-19 issue and the Canadian government’s response, Trudeau said the administration is doing everything it can to… March 26, 2020 In "News" Former Kano state governor, Senator Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has written to President Muhammadu Buhari following the rising number of mysterious deaths in Kano state. He titled the letter: ‘COVID-19 and the rising incidences of mysterious deaths in Kano state: a call on the federal government for urgent action to save… April 27, 2020 In "News" •Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, Governor of Kano State There is a disaster currently unfolding in Kano with rising death rates particularly among the elderly that is not getting the National attention it deserves.While some may explain this increasing death rates to the lack of medical care for the chronically ill due… April 21, 2020 In "Opinion"