A court in Akure, Ondo state reuninted a 16-year old Secondary school student (names withheld) with her parents after stopping her forced marriage to an Islamic Cleric identified as Alhaji Yusuf Lateef. According to TheNation, the court presided over by Justice Aderemi Adegoroye ordered the return of the girl to her family for proper care and education amd warned Lateef to stay away from her. Lateef was to make the teenager who was 15 in 2019 his 9th wife. It was gathered that Alhaji Lateef had approached the girl’s parents and sought her hand in marriage in 2019. Despite protest by the teenager, her parents forced her to accept the proposal and a day was fixed for the marriage. The teenager fled their Ore home on the day fixed for the marriage with support from her brother to Akure, the state capital. She was said to have went to the Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development where she was sheltered and legal works began to stop the marriage. Alhaji Lateef and the girl’s parents were arraigned at the Family Court for breeching Part three of the 2007 Ondo State Child Rights Law. After hearing from the defendants, the court ruled that the girl be returned to her parents and Alhaji Lateef be made to sign an undertaking to stay away from her as well as ensure no harm comes her way. Ondo Commissioner for Women Affairs and Social Development, Titilola Adeyemi, said it was victory for children in the state. “We are excited the matter has gone that way. That will be a warning to everybody that it is no to child marriage in Ondo State. Child marriage is denying a child her future. We must make sure we work for the child to realise her future.” The girl said she intended to further her education as well as be a good woman in the future. She was handed back to her parents after staying away from her parents for one month and the Cleric was warned to stay away from her henceforth. Source The practice of abducting and converting Christian girls to Islam in the northern part of the country and marrying them off to Muslim men by compulsion recently attracted international attention and condemnation. Open Doors International (ODI), an organisation that serves the persecuted Christians worldwide, came out with a position that… July 16, 2019 In "Metro" By Olawale Akinremi     Ibadan    -         A Grade ‘C’ Customary Court, Bode Igbo, Ibadan, has dissolved the 16-year-old marriage between Taiwo Philip and his wife, Bukola, on the insistence of the wife that she could no longer live as a slave. The News Agency… December 18, 2018 In "Metro" By Deborah Akpede Igando (Lagos State) - A housewife and mother of eight, Mrs Halimatu Salami, has lost her 40-year-old marriage to starving her husband of sex. An Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Thursday, granted the husband, Mr Ganiyu Salami, his request for dissolution of the marriage. The News Agency… September 5, 2019 In "Metro"