Tel Aviv  –  After three inconclusive elections and a year-and-a-half of political paralysis, Israel’s new government is set to be sworn in on Thursday. Benjamin Netanyahu, the longest-serving prime minister in Israeli history – and a man who faces a trial on corruption charges this month – will share the premiership on a rotational basis with centrist rival Benny Gantz. Netanyahu, of the centre-right Likud party, will be the first to head the new government for a period of 18 months. Then former military chief Gantz, of the Blue and White Alliance, is supposed to take the reins in October 2021. While Netanyahu is premier, Gantz is to serve as deputy head of government and defence minister. After vowing to never enter into a coalition with Netanyahu, Gantz said he abandoned his pledge because Israel needed a stable government to tackle the coronavirus pandemic. In what is being called a “national emergency government,” the first six months is meant to focus on the outbreak and its economic fallout. There is one major exception: The extension of Israeli sovereignty over its West Bank settlements under U.S. President Donald Trump’s controversial Middle East peace plan, announced in January. According to clause 29 of the Likud-Blue and White deal, as early as July 1, Netanyahu may ask his cabinet or the Knesset to vote on annexing West Bank land with settlements. Israel saw an unprecedented three elections in a year, the last on March 2, with Netanyahu fighting for his political survival as post-election talks faltered and criminal proceedings against him pressed ahead. He was officially indicted on bribery, fraud and breach of trust in January. The trial is set to begin on May 24. Netanyahu is accused of offering political favours in return for positive press coverage and helping wealthy business contacts in return for gifts. (dpa/NAN) Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu is on course to secure a record fifth term after his main election rival conceded defeat on Wednesday evening. Netanyahu was on track for victory in Israel’s election on Wednesday after nearly complete results put him in position to form a right-wing coalition and further… April 10, 2019 In "Top Stories" Jerusalem -  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced on Monday a snap election in less than four months. The April 9 election would otherwise not have been due until November. The prime minister is appealing directly to voters for a fresh political mandate that could help him weather possible charges… December 24, 2018 In "Foreign" Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was sworn into Israel's new parliament on Tuesday following his victory in April 9 elections and will seek to form a governing coalition in the days ahead. Netanyahu was among the 120 members of the Knesset, or parliament, sworn in during an official ceremony. Netanyahu's Likud… April 30, 2019 In "Foreign"