The Chief Executive Officer of Bioresources Development Group, Prof. Maurice Iwu, has stated that the Federal Government was yet to show commitment to the drug presented by his team of researchers for the treatment of COVID-19. Iwu made this known during a Zoom Conference organised by Elombah Communications in collaboration with Njenje Media Limited, tagged: “COVID-19 and the proposed Vaccination Bill: Implications for Nigeria.” The former boss of the Independent National Electoral Commission, who led a team of researchers, had presented a plant-based patented treatment for COVID-19 to the Minister of Science and Technology, Dr. Ogbonnaya Onu. But Iwu, while speaking at the Zoom Conference, said the government was yet to show interest in the drug, calling on the National Assembly to organise emergency Public Hearing on this issue. He said the lawmakers through their oversight function should direct the agency concerned to fast track the process of validating the drug. Iwu said: “Government needs to show interest on our drug. “The money raised by the private sector can be deployed. “It does not need to come to Prof. Iwu. “It is information. “The product is ours, but the information is already outside. “There must be interest on the part of government that they want to test the drug. “Once the government shows interest, every other thing will fall in place.” Iwu said the lawmakers can havea public hearing on the drug and ask why the validation for the drug is taking longer than necessary. Source: theeagleonline.com.ng Dr Maurice Iwu is a professor of Pharmacognosy from the University of Nigeria Nsukka (UNN) and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Bioresources Development Group (BDG). The professor claims Coronavirus is among the neglected tropical emergent diseases and belongs to a class of viruses that are very common and includes the… April 10, 2020 In "News" The federal government is trying to trace most of the 155 passengers in the aircraft that brought to Nigeria the Italian confirmed with coronavirus disease (COVID-19). It was gathered that the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire revealed this yesterday while briefing newsmen in Abuja. He said 156 passengers were… March 3, 2020 In "Health" MAURICE Iwu, Professor of Pharmacognosy and former chairman of INEC, has said that Nigeria has developed drugs for Coronavirus or COVID-19. He said his research group had identified and patented a possible treatment for coronavirus as far back as 2015. Iwu told Ogbonnaya Onu, minister of science and technology, that… March 3, 2020 In "News"