By Victor Adeoti  Osogbo  –  The Osun Deputy Governor, Mr Benedict Alabi, has felicitated with Muslim faithful in the state and all over the world on the occasion of Eid-el-Fitr celebration. Alabi, in a congratulatory message made available to newsmen in Osogbo on Sunday, said the end of the holy month of Ramadan for the Muslim Ummah, signified a spiritual triumph on the path of piousness. The deputy governor said that the recent global challenges and realities of human existence should ordinarily redirect every individual to the way of God and submit to His will. According to him, it is fascinating to have passed the month of Ramadan in fasting, prayers and other austerities and end the month-long, non-indulgence with festive celebrations. “As Muslims all over the world celebrate this special day on the first day of the month of Shawwal, a festival of breaking the fast, as exemplified by the great Prophet Muhammad (SAW). “May the good God continue to bless our land and guide us to the path of piousness. “Indeed, God is the greatest as this moment reminisces a remarkable and indelible event in the Islamic world, as it reminds every Muslim faithful of how the first revelation of Holy Qu’ran was received by Prophet Muhammad (SAW), for guardian and guidance. “However, considering the present situation in the world, in which congregational prayer is impossible, as part of the measures to safeguard our society against pandemic of novel identity,’’ Alabi said. According to him, we must continue to be fervent in prayer and consistent in our supplication to win the ongoing battle against the ravaging coronavirus. “I hereby congratulate Muslims in the state of Osun on this special moment and commend them for cooperating with the government to stay safe, ditto all Muslims across the world. “May God heal our land, as we continue to comply with basic precautionary measures of safety,” the deputy governor said. Also, Mr Olatunbosun Oyintiloye, a Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Osun, has congratulated Muslim faithful on the successful completion of the holy month of Ramadan. Oyintiloye, a former member of the state House of Assembly, in a statement in Osogbo, urged Muslims to continue to live with the virtues of love and unity learnt during the Ramadan as preached by Prophet Muhammad. He also urged them to remember the less privileged in the society, saying since the values of compassion, brotherhood, alms-giving and respect for others remained hallmark of the holy month. Oyintiloye said Muslim faithful should also use the occasion of Eid-el-Fitr to pray for the state government and the country at large. (NAN) By Stephen AdeleyeLokoja. -. Gov. Yahaya Bello of Kogi on Tuesday, extended his felicitations to Muslims in Nigeria and around the world as they celebrate the Eid el-fitr, with a call to promote peace, unity and love. In a statement by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Onogwu… June 4, 2019 In "News" By Deborah Coker Auchi (Edo) - Ahead of the Eid-El-Fitri celebration, which marks the end of the Ramadan fasting, the Otaru of Auchi has called on Muslims to observe the Eid prayer in their respective homes. Otaru Aliru Momoh (Ikelebe lll), who is also the Vice-President- General Supreme Council for… May 22, 2020 In "News" Ibadan -  As Nigerians join the rest of the world to observe the Eid-el-Fitr, political leaders and clerics have called on Muslims to replicate the lessons of the Ramadan in their lives while calling for peace and national cohesion. Gov. Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun on Friday urged Muslim faithful to… June 15, 2018 In "News"