Human Rights Activist and Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Femi Falana has shared his view on the recently repatraited Abacha loot. Recall that the Nigerian government few days ago confirmed receiving the repatriated funds and further disclosed that it will be deployed into infrastructure development in line with the agreement reached with the US government. The FG said it will be channeled into completion of the second Niger Bridge, the Lagos-Ibadan and Abuja-Kaduna-Kano expressways. However commenting on the agreement reached by both governments, Femi Falana insisted that is insulting for the US government to tell the Nigerian government what to do with the reptriated funds. He stated that it is embarassing for the Buhari-led administration to also agree to such. According to the human rights activist, the money was stolen from the federation account and ought to be returned to the same account because it belongs to the three tiers of government. He averred that the money cannot be used to fund the budget of the federal government alone. Femi Falana affirmed that if the federal government goes ahead to use the money for the projects which are not backed by any law, it means they are flouting the constitution because they cannot spend money without appropriation. Here is the video below; . . The Senior Advocate of Nigeria stated that it is insulting for the US government, and embarrassing for the Buhari-led administration to be told what to do with the repatriated funds  Channels TV A post shared by  Lindaikejiblog (@lindaikejiblogofficial) on May 7, 2020 at 12:13am PDT Source ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Human rights lawyer and former president of West Africa Bar Association (WABA), Mr. Femi Falana, has vowed to drag the former National Security Adviser (NSA), Col. Sambo Dasuki (rtd) and others implicated in the alleged $2.1 billion arms deal, to the International Criminal Court (ICC) next… December 10, 2015 In "News" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has described human rights lawyer, Femi Falana, SAN, as a political jobber and integrity-challenged charlatan. Reacting to Falana's letter to the International Criminal Court (ICC) calling for the investigation of the former minister over her failure to manage the… January 25, 2016 In "Top Stories" Despite attempts by the Muhammadu Buhari administration to deny the transfer of $110 million stolen from Nigeria’s treasury by late military tyrant, Sani Abacha, to Mr Abacha’s most profligate money launderer and current governor of Kebbi State, Abubakar Bagudu, United States court papers obtained by PREMIUM TIMES show that the… February 25, 2020 In "News"