By Ahmed Mohammed Kaigama  Bauchi  –  A Bauchi-based non-governmental organisation, Attah Sisters Helping Hands Foundation (ASHHF), has called on the state government and partners, to intensify monitoring of sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV) in the state. Executive Director of the Foundation, Mrs Comfort Attah, made the call on Sunday in Bauchi during an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). She said as the coronavirus disease continued to spread and the authorities responded with social and health control measures, reports of sexual and gender-based violence had not abated in the state. “Victims of domestic violence, most often women, face a double threat: a deadly virus outside and an abuser at home,” she said. She said there was need for government to improve protection and services for survivors, by strengthening enabling laws. “There is also the need to address the root causes of violence by challenging social norms and behaviours, as well as tackling the wider gender inequalities,” Attah said. She said that with families confined to their homes in an effort to curb the spread of coronavirus, there werenfears of surge in domestic violence. “The lockdown is creating fertile ground for gender inequalities to be exposed at their worst. “We have handled many cases of sexual violence against women in Bauchi. “Nearly half of the cases treated are women who have experienced intimate-partner domestic violence,” she said. Attah explained that some violence within the pandemic period included rape cases involving pregnant women, keeping a girl under lock and influence of drug for six days, as well as brutality on women. “Our NGO, with the support of ActionAid and Government of Canada, are following up the case at the police station to make sure the right thing is done. “We have provided medical care and social support for traumatized victims,” she said. She added that they would provide legal service through a pro bono lawyer, and that they were waiting for courts to resume normal sitting. (NAN) By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) on Monday said that it would establish Centres and Shelters to empower victims of Gender Based Violence in the territory. Dr Ramatu Aliyu, Minister of state for FCT, disclosed this at the Commemoration of Walk To End Sexual and… December 2, 2019 In "News" Abuja - A woman activist, Mrs Joy Ezeilo, has advocated a comprehensive and uniform law that will protect women and girls from all forms of violence at all levels of governance across Nigeria. Ezeilo, the Founder of Women Aid Collective, an NGO, made the call in Abuja on Wednesday while… November 25, 2015 In "News" By Oluwatope Lawanson and Moji Eniola Lagos -   Mrs Laila St. Mathew-Daniel, the President of Act Generation, an NGO, has called on Lagos State Government to provide more shelter in every community and local governments for women that experienced domestic violence. She made the call in Lagos on Thursday… October 18, 2018 In "Metro"