Lagos State has discharged 21 more coronavirus patients. The state Ministry of Health disclosed this on Sunday evening via Twitter. The ministry noted that the patients all tested negative twice for the virus upon treatment before they were allowed to reunite with the society. It said the patients comprised four females and 17 males and they were discharged from different isolation centres across the state, bringing the total recoveries in Lagos to 469. “21 COVID-19 patients; 4 females and 17 males; all Nigerians have been discharged from our isolation facilities at Onikan, Eti-Osa (LandMark), First Cardiology Hospital and Lagos University Teaching Hospital to reunite with the society. “The patients; 3 from Onikan, 1 from Eti-Osa (LandMark), 6 from Lekki, 1 from First Cardiology and 10 from Lagos University Teaching Hospital have fully recovered and tested negative twice consecutively. “With this, the number of patients successfully managed and discharged in Lagos has risen to 469,” it stated. Also, the ministry confirmed 97 new cases of COVID-19 infections announced by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control on Saturday night, bringing the total confirmed cases in the state to 1,780. source By Florence Onuegbu Lagos -The Lagos State Government on Saturday discharged 22 more patients who tested negative twice to coronavirus disease. Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, made the disclosure in a statement issued to newsmen, saying that the number of patients treated and discharged from the isolation centres now stands at 247.… May 3, 2020 In "Health" The Lagos State Ministry of Health has announced that four more Coronavirus patients have been discharged after testing negative for the virus. According to LSMOH, the 4 patients who were recently discharged are all males. This brings the total number of discharged Coronavirus patients in the state to 98. The… April 20, 2020 In "News" Four patients including an 11-year-old boy receiving treatment for Coronavirus in Lagos have been discharged after recovering from the disease. Governor of the state, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, made the announcement in a Twitter post on Saturday. He said, “Today, four more patients; all male, including an 11-year-old boy have been discharged… April 11, 2020 In "News"