KANO – Three persons who earlier tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) in Kano State have recovered from the disease. The State Ministry of Health disclosed this via its Twitter handle in an early-morning post on Thursday. According to the tweet, the recovered patients have been discharged from the government’s facility where they received treatment. This brings the number of patients who have recovered from COVID-19 in Kano to six since the outbreak of the disease in the state. However, five other patients lost the battle to COVID-19, raising the death toll in the state to 13. Kano reported 30 new cases of coronavirus on Wednesday, trailing Lagos which had 82 new infections. While the government is gradually easing the lockdown, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) said a total of 195 new cases of COVID-19 were reported across 12 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja. Other places with new cases include Zamfara – 19, Sokoto – 18, Borno – 10, FCT – nine, Oyo – eight, Kebbi – five, Gombe – five, Ogun – four, Katsina – three, Kaduna – one, and Adamawa – one. A total of 534 COVID-19 patients have been discharged with 103 deaths record across the country. Read the tweet from the Kano State Ministry of Health below: #COVID19KN Update as at 12:02am 7th May 2020 30 new cases of #COVID19Kano cases confirmed. Total confirmed cases in @KanostateNg are now 427. 3 additional #COVID19Kano patients were successfully discharged. 5 #COVID19Kano deaths were recorded. pic.twitter.com/XKjxpneu5m The Kano State government has confirmed the death of two more patients who tested positive for coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. The state Ministry of Health announced this in a tweet, saying that was the situation in Kano as of 12:15pm on Monday. This brings the total number of COVID-19… April 27, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Lagos State Government has announced that a 36-year-old man died of coronavirus in the state. The Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the announcement via his Twitter handle on Sunday. He said that the Nigerian died on Saturday in a private facility. Abayomi confirmed the death as… April 5, 2020 In "News" •Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, Kano State Governor Globalisation is widely said to have reduced the entire world to a global village, where the interconnectedness of people and nations has become a virtual reality. The wonders of the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) have really reduced physical distance and human separation to… April 29, 2020 In "Opinion"