By Ukpaka Reports The situation in Kano State, the commercial hub of northern Nigeria, is dire and threatens to reach breaking point in the not too distant future should corrective measures continue to evade the ancient city. Information available to 247ureports.com indicate the people in remote villages have fallen to the deadly grip of the coronavirus, and dying in hundreds daily without access to medical treatment or testing. About 80 percent of the samples received from communities in the state turned out positive for COVID-19. This is according to Nasiru Gwarzo, head of the presidential COVID-19 task force in Kano. As a caveat, Kano has a constantly rising population currently set at 13.4million and a population density of 470 persons per square kilometer. The ancient city already sits on a  keg of gunpowder awaiting explosion. Particularly with the inner cities of Kano having population densities as high as 17,542 persons per square kilometer in Nasarawa LGA and 22,040 persons per square kilometer in Dala LGA among others. Inside the cities of Kano State, it is gathered through numerous sources that the situation is grim beyond what the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has reported. One of the sources indicated that almost every household in Feggae LGA has an sick family member, whose diagnosis is unknown but the symptoms point to COVID-19. The same is said for Tarauni and Gwale LGAs. “We are dying every day”, a source who prefers to be referred to as Nasiru stated. “I am among the people that carry the dead bodies to the cemetery every day. Yesterday, we buried 34”. Nasiru resides in Feggae LGA, where he is engaged in petty trade. He claims the sickness to be a plan against Muslims of Nigeria. See below for a list of names of those buried in Feggae in the last two days. Innahlillahi Wainnah Ilaihir Raji’un Allah Yaji Kansu Da Rahama,Wannan Sune Jama Ar Da Muka Rasa Afagge Local Government A Yan Kwanakinna 1 Malam Hadi Fagge 2 Baba juji 3 Hajiya Dada 4 Garba sarki 5 Farfesa Balarabe mai  kaba 6 Mai Unguwa Sammani 7 Malam Usaini Oc 8 Maryam Mutuwa Dole 9 Hajiya Aisha Matar Sarkin Fata 10 Sheikh Okashatu 11 Mahaifiyar Mustapha Jigawa 12 Alhaji Garba Shu’aibu 13 Malam Mai ya Ladifu R/lemo 14 Jamilu Jama R/lemo 15 Alh.Musa Dan Hajiya R/lemo 16 Hajiya Hajara Inusa (inna) 17 Na kaka Mai wankin hula 18 Malam Ali liman 19 Malam Aminu Ladani 20 Malam Abdu masallacin haido. 21 Malam Ali Gwani Masallacin shata. 22 Baba Dallami Baban SINALCO. 23 Alhaji Iro Bayan Gidan Na Goro 24 Malam Hassan Babansu Fifi 25 Aminu Gidan Barkono 26 Hajiya Mai Gurasa Layin Sama’ila mai guza 27 Nuhu Mai kayan miya 28 Alaramma Yakubu 3 29 Ali Makeri 30 Sunusi Wajen saude mai kaji 31Mannir na Baba Lungun Makada 32 Hamza Alh Alin Kamba 33 Baban Bala yes Dan Dali 34 Hajia Lububatu Umar Danchanji layin Mal Attama Fagge 35 Alh.Habu Jamus 36 matar haske mai guga Lungun Abba Dan mai kwaru 37 Alh. Ali Yan Haya Baban Jamilu dan kuda 38 Wata Mata a Gidan Zuma 39 Sirikin Kansilan kwaciri 40 Kakar Abban Dan Bala 41 Sirikin Larabas 42 Mahaifin Zayyeed Umar Fagge 43 Malam Mu’azzam Haido 44 Matar Alhaji Mudi 45 Hajiya Salamatu Babar Su Sutaly Matar Alhaji Madi Fagge 46 Aramma goni Rabiu 47 Aramma m.Adamu Nadoge 48 Jamilu mega, mother 49 Kakar Rossy p.a 50 Limamin masallacin shehu Azare 51 Mustapha Maikaba 52 Farida Muhammad Rijiyar lemo Da Wanda Bamu Samu Ba a turo Mana A contractor, Sanusi Gwamaja, who lives in the more affluent area of Badawa, lamented that people are simply dying in numbers never witnessed before. “In one occasion while at work at a site along BUK Road we ran into a situation where a suspected coronavirus case /victim collapsed along the road. NCDC was quickly called but they did not respond”. He said the person, a female, was allowed to die. “She was buried and was not recorded as a corona virus related death” , he said. Gwamaja points to the evil impact of Ambassador Kabiru Rabiu in spreading the deadly virus. He claims the Ambassador visited homes and places that reached the length and breadth of state and beyond. “The Ambassador interacted with Almajiris and the downtrodden, he interacted with Imams and Malams inside Mosques. He was even inside the Government House in Kano numerous times having close meetings with many of (Governor Abdullahi) Ganduje’s aides and cabinet members”. The after effect of Ambassador Rabiu’s shenanigans appear in full effect now as the dead bodies mount. Coupled with the entrenched traditional beliefs in Kano that often obstruct scientific measures and/or approaches to ameliorate pandemics such as COVID-19. Many within the cities do not believe the virus poses a real threat to human life. In most cases, their clerics preach the same message thus, creating a perfect nest for the corona virus to breed and spread. Inside the government, the spread of the virus is reported as merciless. Our competent source disclosed over 35% of the governor’s aides and cabinet members is infected. More than a third were victims of Ambassador Rabiu. The affected government officials are secretly receiving treatment at local private hospitals and at their respective homes. It is not clear the extent they have isolated or quarantined themselves. Worsening the stench is the federal government’s posture toward the State government of Kano. The Governor of Kano State, Malam Ganduje had called out on the President of the federal republic of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari to come to the aid of Kano people because, he claims, the State cannot go at it alone. The major testing exercises for covid19 along with the accompanying palliatives are beyond the reach of the State. He pointed to the resources made available to Lagos State by the Buhari administration as an example of what the Kano State Government needs. Ganduje demanded N15billion.However, the Federal Government had dispatched members of the President Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 to Kano State to unravel the cause of deaths. The PTF is now convinced that COVID-19 is the main cause of the unusual number of deaths in Kano. Ganduje, on his part, has made efforts at alleviating the menace of the virus from spreading into the communities and within he communities. In late March 2020, he launched a street fumigation exercise using private companies. Meanwhile, the governor has announced the relaxation of the Federal Government-imposed lockdown for Mondays and Thursdays between 10am to 4pm each day. (247ureports.com) •Dr Abdullahi Ganduje Following a string of suspicious deaths in Kano last week some have said the state, arguably Nigeria’s most populous, could be Nigeria’s Italy.  They are wrong and right. They are wrong because healthcare in Kano and what obtained in any region in pre-COVID-19 Italy is not comparable.… April 30, 2020 In "Opinion" •Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, Governor of Kano State I raised alarm in an article I wrote which was published in the Daily Trust Newspaper (page 6) on April 22nd, 2020 on how COVID-19 was ravaging Kano city. I opined that if urgent action was not taken by the Federal Government, the… April 26, 2020 In "Opinion" Former Executive Secretary of National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS), Prof Usman Yusuf has accused Kano State governor, Dr. Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of spreading coronavirus across the North. In this interview, the professor of haematology-oncology and bone marrow trans-plantation, warned that Nigeria’s end has started in Kano if urgent steps are… May 2, 2020 In "Interview"