Congratulations are in order for the new mummies and daddies in the Nigerian movie industry popularly known as Nollywood! Despite the COVID-19 pandemic rocking the world, smiles have been brought to our faces with the cheering news of newborn babies being birthed amid the lockdown. Some of your favourite celebrities have welcomed new babies in 2020 and below are four of them. Nollywood star actress, Mercy Johnson and husband, Prince Okojie, on the 4th of May, 2020, welcomed their fourth child, a daughter, at the University of Maryland St. Joseph Medical Center, in the United States. The couple who are already proud parents to a son and two daughters got married at an elaborate wedding in 2011, in Lagos. Prince Okojie broke the news of their newest addition on Instagram whole revealing her name as, Divine Mercy Ehinomen Okojie. Multiple award-winning Nollywood actress, Halima Abubakar on the 3rd of April 2020, announced the arrival of her newborn when she took to her Instagram page to announce that she has welcomed her bundle of joy. She wrote: “A gift from God And I will cherish you for life..Biggest miracle…A Boy…3/4/20” Famous Nollywood actress, Yewande Adekoya, aka Kudi Klepto, and her husband who is also in the Nollywood industry, an actor cum movie producer, Abiodun Thomas, on April 17, 2020, welcomed their second daughter. The excited new mum took to the gram to share the good news with her fans, friends and family. Source: PM News Mercy Johnson Okojie has revealed that she and her hubby, Prince Okojie, are expecting their 4th child. The couple got married in 2011 and already have three children, a boy and two girls.The Nollywood actress shared the good news on her Instagram page on 18th December, 2019. She wrote: We’re having… December 18, 2019 In "Entertainment" Priscilla Osaje Abuja - Nollywood star, Mercy Johnson Okojie is set to lunch her new ‘kitchen talk show’ called Mercy’ s Menu in July. Okojie, who disclosed her plans, said she has completed shoot for new cook-talk show, adding that it would kick off in July. The actress said that… June 19, 2019 In "Entertainment" Trouble may be brewing in the marriage of actress Mercy Johnson The mum of three surprised many when she deleted all photos of her husband Prince Odi Okojie from her Instagram page She has not explained the reason for her action Mercy Johnson is one actress who regularly takes to… January 8, 2018 In "Entertainment"