Tottenham star, Dele Alli was beaten and robbed by masked knife-wielding thieves who broke into his home during the early hours of Wednesday morning. A report by The Sun revealed that Dele was in a room with his girlfriend, his adopted brother Harry, Harry’s girlfriend, and another male friend when two men stormed his north London property at 12.30am. The thieves reportedly punched the Spurs midfielder in the mouth ran upstairs and ransacked several of the star’s bedrooms. A source told The Sun: “The group have all been left extremely shaken. Dele was still awake and playing pool with the others when the raiders got into the property. “It all kicked off downstairs and Dele was punched in the mouth by one of the two masked robbers.” Confirming the raid, a police spokesman said: ‘Police were called at approximately 00:35hrs on Wednesday, 13 May to reports of a robbery at a residential address Barnet. ‘Two males gained entry to the property and stole items of jewellery, including watches, before fleeing. ‘One male occupant of the property, aged in his 20s, suffered a minor facial injury after being assaulted. He did not require hospital treatment. ‘No arrests; enquiries into the circumstances continue.’ The raid comes just two months after four masked robbers armed with knives and machetes broke into the home of Dele’s Spurs teammate Jan Vertonghen in Hampstead, North London. Source London - Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli is a big doubt for their Premier League game at home to relegated Huddersfield Town on Saturday. The England player who broke his hand is however expected to be available to face Manchester City in the Champions League next week. Manager Mauricio Pochettino… April 12, 2019 In "Sports" An NHS worker was brutally stabbed to death by masked men in an 'unprovoked attack' just days after losing his father to suspected coronavirus. David Gomoh, 24, was fatally wounded in a knife attack on Sunday, just seconds after leaving his home in Newham, London. The keyworker was on the… April 28, 2020 In "Foreign" Lagos - A 27-year-old man, Bolaji Oyediji, who allegedly broke into the apartment of one Dele Benjamin and stole items valued at N850,000, on Wednesday appeared before an Ikeja Senior Magistrates' Court, Lagos. Oyediji of no fixed address is facing a two-count charge of stealing and burglary. The Prosecutor, Insp.… February 17, 2016 In "News"