Istanbul  –   A member of a Turkish left-wing music band died on Thursday in an Istanbul hospital, just two days after he ended a nearly one-year hunger strike protesting government persecution, his lawyer told dpa. Bassist Ibrahim Gokcek died on Thursday at a hospital in Istanbul’s Beylikduzu district, lawyer Gorgun Danaci said. He said lawyers found out about Gokcek’s death during a trial in which Gokcek was accused of alleged terror links. Turkey considers music band Grup Yorum as being linked to the far-left Revolutionary People’s Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C), which Ankara labels as a terrorist organisation. There was no clear evidence against Gokcek except for statements from “secret witnesses,” his lawyer added. Gokcek had started his strike in prison and was only released on the 290th day. Gokcek ended his hunger strike on Tuesday after 323 days. He was one of two Grup Yorum members on hunger strike, demanding the government end targeting of the group, lift the ban on their concerts and release the two remaining jailed members. Singer Helin Bolek died in April after being on a hunger strike for 288 days. An Istanbul prosecutor demanded up to 15 years in jail for the band members in November over their alleged DHKP-C membership, state news agency Anadolu reported. (dpa/NAN) Istanbul - A member of a Turkish socialist music collective died after being on a hunger strike for 288 days protesting persecution by the authorities and a ban on the group’s concerts. Grup Yorum – yorum means comment or interpretation in Turkish – on Friday announced the death of one… April 3, 2020 In "Foreign" At least 28 people have died at Istanbul’s Ataturk International Airport, where an explosion followed an outburst of gunfire Tuesday night, according to Turkish officials. Police and emergency personnel have flocked to the airport. Some 60 people were reportedly injured. Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin delivered an update on the death… June 28, 2016 In "News" By Humeyra Pamuk and Daren Butler ISTANBUL - Three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 42 people in a gun and bomb attack at Istanbul airport this week were from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, a Turkish government official said on Thursday. The attack on Europe's third-busiest airport was the… June 30, 2016 In "Foreign"