Former Minister of Aviation, Fani-Kayode has joined in assailing Access Bank Plc, one of the Nigerian giants, after it emerged that it is on the way of weeding out many from its 75 per cent staff, as a result of the downturn of the Nigerian economy owing to the COVID-19 outbreak. Many Nigerians have been on the bank’s neck for the decision, saying it was a show of callousness if not outright wickedness at this period of immense hardship in the country, as it would not only increase the pains of the victims but add to the already parlous unemployment situation in the country. Joining in the fray, the ex-Minister, described the move as betrayal especially coming at a time the bank donated N1billion to the Nigeria Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID), the outfit being co-ordinated by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to mobilise private funds to fight the COVID-19 scourge. Taking to his Twitter handle on Sunday, Fani-Kayode said, “You gave 1 Billion Naira to the FG to fight Covid 19 & the next day you sacked hundreds of your loyal staff. “You betrayed your workers & turned your back on them when they needed you most because you were more interested in ur profits &appeasing Buhari. @myaccessbank SHAME ON U! “Worse still you shut down 340 of your branches! With a stroke of the pen you have thrown thousands of people into unemployment at a time when they are already going through hell because of the lockdown & you have destroyed many families.@Herbertwigwe, how do you sleep at night?” Source Femi Fani-Kayode, a former Minister of Aviation and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has come up with a new claim about the COVID-19 disease ravaging the entire world. According to Fani-Kayode, the dreaded virus was created by the Illuminati for the sole purpose of reducing the world’s population.… March 22, 2020 In "Politics" Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, on Friday urged the Federal government and Nigerians to unite in the fight against the deadly Coronavirus codenamed COVID-19. Fani-Kayode urged federal government to be pro-active in tackling the deadly disease. He made the appeal while reacting after the Nigerian government confirmed a case of… February 28, 2020 In "Politics" •Femi Fani-Kayode ABUJA - Former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari not to allow the introduction of Fifth Generation (5G) telecommunication technology in Nigeria. In a post he made on his Twitter handle on Saturday morning, the former minister also advised Buhari to refrain from… April 4, 2020 In "News"