London  –   Completing the Premier League campaign and getting the new season underway will see much-needed funds flow to clubs in the lower divisions that are struggling due to the COVID-19 shutdown, Brighton & Hove Albion CEO Paul Barber has said. Football has been suspended since mid-March due to the novel coronavirus outbreak but the Premier League hopes to restart next month, initially without fans attending after the government opened the door for elite sport to return. EFL clubs rely much more than Premier League teams on match day revenue and ticket income and its chairman, Rick Parry had said playing games behind closed doors could actually be a loss-making venture for some teams. “If we can finish this season, get next season under way, then all of the solidarity payments that go through the Premier League to the lower levels will hopefully give those guys a boost as well. “It will also enable them to get through a very difficult period,” Brighton’s Barber told reporters. Top flight teams voted to make an advance of 125 million pounds (152.68 million dollars) to the English Football League (EFL) and National League sides in April, which included early solidarity payments and parachute payments. “There are a lot of mouths to feed and there is no easy solution other than getting the games back on as soon as we can and when it is safe,” Barber added. “That will then start to turn the economy within football which enables us to make those distributions further down the game.” (Reuters/NAN) London - England’s close season transfer window deadline could be split next season with League One and Two clubs preferring to close their window at the end of August rather than Aug. 8. Aug. 8 is the the deadline for the English Premier League (EPL) and second-tier Championship in England.… March 22, 2019 In "Sports" Super Eagles defender, Leon Balogun, has officially joined the premier league club, Brighton & Hove Albion. Brighton on Tuesday announced that the 29-year-old center-back joined them on a free transfer after leaving Bundesliga side FSV Mainz 05. He has signed a two-year deal with the club. Albion manager, Chris Hughton,… May 23, 2018 In "Sports" SkySports reports that the Premier League and EFL have postponed all fixtures until April 4 and 3 respectively at the earliest due to the threat of the coronavirus. The Football Association has also postponed England's international friendly matches against Italy and Denmark, scheduled for March 27 and 31 respectively, while… March 13, 2020 In "Sports"