10 doctors in Kano state have tested positive for Coronavirus, after treating patients who came to the hospital with symptoms of the virus. This was confirmed by the Chairman of the hospital’s branch of Association of Resident Doctors, Abubakar Nagoma, who revealed that the doctors work with Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital (AKTH). He told Premium Times that the affected health professionals include resident doctors who are undergoing training and consultant doctors. Nagoma said; “We have resident and consultant doctors that were tested positive of COVID-19 in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital. “About ten doctors are confirmed positive with COVID-19. Eight of them are already in isolation centre, while the remaining two are in self isolation at their homes because they do not have any symptom. All their close contact have been traced. “There are more test results that are yet to be out for doctors and other health workers of the hospital that were screened last week. The number of those screened are almost hundred. We are expecting the results likely within the week to know the fate of health workers of the hospital.” He hinged the vulnerability of doctors to the disease on lack of adequate personal protective, non-use of face masks by patients when coming to hospitals and deliberate hoarding of information by some patients. Kano has so far recorded 365 confirmed cases of Coronavirus and eight deaths. Source There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health" There was confusion among health workers at the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) on Saturday after two patients who earlier tested negative to coronavirus pandemic were declared positive after further tests were conducted. ‎The development came as the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Friday confirmed the death… April 4, 2020 In "News" Some private hospitals, which shut down operations after some of their staff members became exposed to coronavirus patients, have given details of how carriers of the deadly virus came to their facilities. Findings by SUNDAY PUNCH revealed that the affected hospitals had suspended operations to decontaminate their facilities and adhere… April 26, 2020 In "Health"