By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota (Ogun)   –  The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Ogun Command, on Sunday said about 776 traffic offenders were apprehended for various offences during the lockdown order to curb the spread of COVID-19. The State Sector Commander, Mr Clement Oladele, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ota, Ogun. According to him, the special patrol operations stopped and checked 6,546 vehicles out of which 2,571 were sent back to their various destinations for violating the interstate lockdown order. Oladele said that out of the 776 apprehended, 110 were arrested for overloading and contravening traffic rules and regulations. The sector commander said that the exercise was made possible through the joint operations of sister agencies to enforce the lockdown order. “The erring motorists were arrested and prosecuted by the Special Mobile Courts, while their penalties ranged from fines to community service. ”The community service could be four hours of sweeping the road, washing road bridges and clearing of drainage channels among others,” he said. Oladele said that the punishments were meant to serve as deterrent to other road users and prevent people from flouting the lockdown order. The FRSC boss said it was necessary for motorists to adhere strictly to the interstate directive to avoid the spread of COVID-19. He said that the agency would continue to enforce the lockdown order with other sister agencies in the state. (NAN) By Ige Adekunle   Sango-Ota (Ogun)   -   The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has assured the people of Ogun of its commitment to ensure safer roads to reduce carnage to the barest minimum. Mr Clement Oladele, the Sector Commander in the state, gave the assurance while speaking with the News… August 30, 2018 In "Metro" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota - The Ogun Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Thursday said 7,698 traffic offenders were arrested across the state in the first quarter of 2019. Mr Clement Oladele, the Sector Commander of FRSC, made this known in an interview with News Agency of… May 2, 2019 In "Metro" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota - The Ogun Command of the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC)  on Wednesday said motorists driving  against traffic would be subjected to psychiatric test. Mr Clement Oladele, the Sector Commander of  the FRSC in Ogun, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of… April 17, 2019 In "Metro"