Three brothers have been hospitalised after letting a Black Widow spider bite them believing it would turn them into Spider-Man like the Marvel comics hero. The boys, aged 8, 10, and 12, were herding goats in the town of Chayanta, in the Andean region of Potosi in Bolivia when they came across the Black Widow spider. In hopes that they would become Spider-Man, the boys approached the spider and prodded it with a stick on May 14, until it bit each of them in turn, epidemiology chief at the Bolivian Ministry of health, Virgilio Pietro, told local outlet Telemundo. The boys started experiencing symptoms within a few minutes and their concerned mother rushed them to a local health centre where their conditions continued to worsen and they were taken to a hospital in Llallagua. The next day they were transferred to the Children’s Hospital in La Paz, where they were admitted with fever, tremors, sweating and muscular pain, Pietro said. The boys were successfully treated at the hospital and were able to be discharged a week later. Pietro said the incident should be taken as a warning that “for children everything is real, movies are real”. A bite from a Black Widow spider can cause varying symptoms and can prove fatal to young children. Their venom affects the nervous system and can immediately cause pain, burning and swelling, as well as longer-term symptoms such as stiff and sore muscles, nausea, abdominal pain, swollen eyelids and weakness or tremors. The spiders are native to North America, South America, and southern Europe. They are also found in Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. Source Los Angeles - Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth and other members of the Avengers superhero team on Monday celebrated the final chapter in a 22-movie saga that ranks as the movie industry’s highest-grossing franchise of all times. At a lavish premiere in Los Angeles, hundreds of industry important personalities, cast… April 23, 2019 In "Entertainment" Sydney - Australian researchers said they are milking a deadly funnel-web spider with a leg span of 10 centimetres, the largest ever used for their anti-venom programme. A report by the researchers on Wednesday in Sydney said the funnel-web, named Big Boy, was one of the world's deadliest species would be milked… January 27, 2016 In "Foreign" A member of a notorious kidnap gang, Sunday Clark, who plotted the abduction of a businessman, Mr. Adewale Kazeem, has been arrested by operatives of Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad attached to the Rivers State Police Command. Clark told newsmen he acted as an informant to the gang to kidnap a… July 25, 2018 In "Metro"