Cynthia Morgan’s former manager, Joy Tongo has gone on Twitter and Instagram to slam the dancehall musician after she granted an interview where she blamed Jude Okoye for her career woes. In an Instagram Live chat with former Miss Globe Nigeria, Cassandra Ogbebor, Cynthia Morgan spoke about the record label issues she had after signing to Northside Entertainment, which was owned by P Square’s older brother, Jude ‘Engees’ Okoye (read here). Cynthia told of how she lost her stage name “Cynthia Morgan”, her VEVO account, royalties, her Instagram account and other things due to the contract she signed with the record label. Cynthia Morgan, who now goes by the stage name Madrina, said she can no longer uses the name Cynthia Morgan for business purposes due to the contract she signed. She added that she became depressed thereafter and suffered an illness that nearly took her life. She had to relocate to Benin to get cheaper treatment. Her revelation made her the No. 1 trending topic on Twitter NG as users trended the hashtag #BringBackCynthiaMorgan in a bid to revive Cynthia’s career. Peter Okoye, who had a falling out with his brother Jude, also weighed in on the matter and appeared to take Cynthia’s side (read here). However, one person who was not on Cynthia’s side is her former boss and manager, Joy Tongo. Joy took to Twitter to accuse Cynthia of seeking sympathy with her story. She also claimed Cynthia is owing her $30,000 and owing Jude Okoye “over 40 Million”. She added that she was the one who connected Cynthia to Jude Okoye and threatened to reveal more. She tweeted: “I am in a much better place , so this time, don’t dare me . I am ready for you. Very very ready. “People will do anything for clout! SMH ! “Cynthia Morgan this is 2020, we haven’t forgotten all your dirt ! Internet does not lie , emails does not lie and much more . I am coming for you ! All the dirt you did to I and Jude and others you must pay this time around . It’s over 4 years and you are still talking trash!” Source A source has revealed to Linda Ikeji's Blog that Kiss Daniel and Chidinma Ekile are an item. LIB reports that the singers started dating some time this year and are reportedly very much in love with each other. Considering the snaps Kiss Daniel shared on his Instastories last night, we… March 12, 2018 In "Entertainment" By Femi Ogunshola Abuja - America born Nigerian Musician, Osazuwa Cynthia with stage name Cynthia Proper, said her new song ” Boom” which she co-song with singer Wande Coal was born out of inspiration from the beats form musical instruments. Cynthia told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday that… April 2, 2020 In "Entertainment" A Nigerian woman has cried out for help after revealing that her husband has been sleeping with a wealthy female politician who has now taken control of her marriage. Cynthia Valerian Raphaels shared the story on Facebook. Read below: "Madam Cynthia good evening. I found out that you are a… June 7, 2019 In "Metro"