Osun State Government has announced two new cases of coronavirus in the state, bringing its active cases to 10. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Dr. Rafiu Isamotu, in a tweet on Sunday said the new cases are wife and son of a previously confirmed coronavirus patient. Isamotu said, “#Covid19Osun Update as at 3rd May, 2020: Two new cases of #COVID-19 infection confirmed today (Sunday), wife and son of a previously confirmed case. Total confirmed cases in Osun now 36; active cases, 10; the number of deaths – 3.” When contacted for further clarification, Isamotu told The PUNCH that the two new cases were from the samples sent for a test by the state. The state, during the weekend, recorded its third fatality following the death of a patient in her late 60s at its isolation centre in Asubiaro, Osogbo. A statement by Isamotu on Saturday said, “On a sad note, we lost a COVID-19 patient in her late 60s at our isolation centre in Osogbo. We pray God to grant her eternal rest and give her family the fortitude to bear the loss.” Source By Olajide Idowu Osogbo - The Osun government on Wednesday appealed to the Federal Government to come to its aid in containing the spread of COVID-19 in the state as confirmed cases rose to 14 from the initial two. Mr Ismail Omipidan, the Chief Press Secretary to Gov. Gboyega Oyetola,… April 1, 2020 In "News" As Nigeria recorded its 97th COVID-19 case late on Saturday, a review of official data shows that the number of confirmed cases rose by 340 per cent in a week. COVID-19 is a deadly respiratory disease caused by the coronavirus. According to the latest breakdown by the Nigeria Centre for… March 29, 2020 In "News" By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - The Osun Government has ordered the indefinite suspension of designated weekly markets across the state as part of measures to curb the spread of Coronavirus. Dr Rafiu Isamotu, the State Commissioner for Health, disclosed this during a sensitisation visit to some markets in Osogbo on… March 24, 2020 In "News"