Apple Music on Thursday May 28, announced that it will be launching its first radio show in Africa tagged “Africa Now Radio with Cuppy”, The weekly show which will be hosted by DJ Cuppy will debut on Sunday May 31, and will feature a mix of contemporary and traditional popular African sounds, including genres like Afrobeat, rap, house, kuduro and more. DJ Cuppy who confirmed she will be hosting the streaming platform’s first radio show in Africa, said in a statement; “The show represents a journey from West to East and North to South, but importantly a narrative of Africa then to Africa now.” The Nigerian-born DJ and music producer also wrote on Instagram; Proud to announce my NEW weekly RADIO SHOW called #AfricaNow on @AppleMusic This is for YOU Africa! Promise to do my people proud! #CuppyOnAMission Announcement of the weekly one-hour show which will be available at 9 a.m. EDT, is coming few days after Universal Music Group said it will be launching Def Jam Africa, a new division of the label focused on representing hip-hop, Afrobeat and trap talent in Africa. Source Anita Eboigbe   Abuja  -    Celebrity Disc Jockey, Ifeoluwa Otedola a.k.a DJ Cuppy, has announced her plans to award scholarships to ten indigent students to study in the University in 2018. DJ Cuppy, who is one of Africa’s most celebrated DJs, made the announcement on her twitter page @cuppymusic. She… February 1, 2018 In "Entertainment" Comedian Brodashaggi is now the son-in-law of billionaire Femi Otedola, after he commented on a viral video in which DJ Cuppy appears to kiss the comedian. “My son-in-law”, Femi Otedola commented, obviously jokingly, amidst the thousands of retweets and comments the video has generated. In her own post of the… December 11, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian music producer and daughter of Nigerian billionaire, Femi Otedola, AKA DJ Cuppy has revealed that she once wished her father was not the famous business mogul. Speaking to Showtime, the ‘’Greenlight’’ crooner said she felt she won’t be accepted into the music industry as people will not be comfortable… November 12, 2017 In "Entertainment"