By Dorcas Elusogbon  Ile-Ife (Osun)  –  A man, Aderant Akinola, 42, on Thursday, appeared at an Ile-Ife Magistrates’ Court in Osun for allegedly stealing a Tecno Spark 4 phone, valued N35,000, belonging to one Akinkunmi Ayodele. The prosecutor, Insp Ona Glory, told the court that the defendant committed the offence on April 7 at about 3 a.m. at King and Rose Hotel area, Modakeke-Ife. Glory said that the defendant, also stole one big generator and laptop, valued N145,000 that belonged to one Adesoji Babalola. He added that the defendant stole a cash sum of N10,000, belonging to Ogodolu Kayode. According to him, the offence contravened Sections 383 and 390(9) of the Criminal Code, Laws of Osun, 2002. The defendant, however, pleaded not guilty to the four-count charge of stealing. The defence counsel, Mr Samson Adegoke, applied for the bail of the defendants in most liberal terms and pledged that his client would not jump bail, but would provide reliable sureties. Magistrate Joseph Owolawi, granted the bail of the defendants in the sum of N200,000 with one surety in like sum. Owolawi added that the surety must swear to an affidavit of means, reside within the court jurisdiction as well as provide three recent passport photographs each.. He adjourned the case until June 2 for mention (NAN) By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - An Ile-Ife Magistrates’ Court in Osun on Wednesday ordered that one Ojo Adebayo should be remanded in police custody for allegedly stealing four cows. The Prosecutor, Insp. Emmanuel Abdullahi, told the court that Adebayo committed the offence on June 21 at around 1:00 a.m.… June 26, 2019 In "Metro" By Dorcas Elusogbon Ile-Ife (Osun) - An Ile-Ife Magistrates’ Court in Osun, on Thursday, remanded one Lawrence Olajide, 26, in the Nigerian Correctional Service over alleged laptop theft. The defendant is facing a five-count charge of conspiracy, burglary, entering, stealing and robbery. The Prosecutor, Insp. Sunday Osanyintuyi, told the court that… November 14, 2019 In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) - A Modakeke Magistrates’ Court in Osun on Friday ordered that a 24-year-old man, Timothy Babalola, who allegedly stole 20 bags of cement, be remanded in prison, pending a formal hearing in the bail application. The police charged Babalola, whose address was not provided, with two counts… June 28, 2019 In "News"