A 28-year-old Japanese sumo wrestler infected with the virus has died, the Japan Sumo Association (JSA) has announced, the first in the sport to fall victim to the virus. Shobushi, whose real name is Kiyotaka Suetake, died from multiple organ failure caused by the virus. He had been the first sumo wrestler to test positive for the virus on 10 April, said Kyodo News. His condition quickly worsened and he entered intensive care nine days later. “I can only imagine how hard it must have been, battling illness for over a month, but like a wrestler he endured it bravely and fought the disease until the end,” JSA Chairman Hakkaku told Kyodo News. “I just want him to rest peacefully now.” According to a report by Yomiuri News, around 1,000 members of the JSA will have to undergo a virus antibody test – the first large-scale testing event to be held in the Japanese sporting world. Last month, the JSA announced that a stablemaster and five other sumo wrestlers had tested positive for the virus. ‘A wonderful young wrestler’ Shobushi first suffered from a 38C fever on 4 April. His stablemasters – highly respected sumo coaches – have said they initially struggled to get through to the public health office on the phone, or to get a hospital to treat him. He was eventually admitted to hospital in Tokyo on 8 April, after his fever would not subside and he started coughing blood. A virus test came back negative. The next day, his condition worsened and he was transferred to another hospital. On 10 April, he finally tested positive for the virus. Nine days after this, his condition deteriorated and he was brought into intensive care. On Wednesday, the 28-year-old died in hospital at midnight. It is not known if he suffered from any underlying health conditions. According to Yomiuri quoting the health ministry, Shobushi is likely the first person in their 20s to have died from the virus in Japan. A large majority of virus victims in Japan are above age of 50 . Shobushi, who made his professional debut in 2007, ranked 11th in the sport’s fourth-tier division, known as Sandanme. Tributes have now poured in for the young wrestler. “He was a wonderful young wrestler. Rest in peace,” said one commenter on Twitter. Source Popular wrestler, Adrian McCallum has died at a young age after dropping a final haunting message on Twitter.  Adrian British wrestler, Lionheart has died at 36 - hours after posting a haunting message online. The world heavyweight champion said: "One day you will eat your last meal, you will hug your friend for… June 20, 2019 In "Entertainment" Liberian health authorities confirmed two more people have been infected with Ebola, bringing to five the number of cases in a new bout since the country was declared free of the virus two months ago. The government is tracing almost 150 people who had contact with the first recent case,… July 10, 2015 In "Foreign" Lagos  -  Nigeria's Emmanuel Nworie, a 66kg Greco-Roman wrestler, lost his three-bouts opening fights at the ongoing African Wrestling Championships holding in Alexandria, Egypt. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the competition commenced on Friday and would end on March 6. Daniel Igali, the President, Nigeria Wrestling Federation… March 4, 2016 In "Sports"