By Muhyideen Jimoh  Abuja  –  The Committee of FCT Imams Initiative (CFII) has donated food items worth millions of naira to the six area councils of the FCT to cushion the effect of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic The Chairman of the group, Sheik Tajudeen Adigun, led other Imams to supervise the distribution of the items to the various area councils on Thursday in Abuja. He said 300 bags of rice, maize and millet were distributed to the six area councils of AMAC, Kuje, Bwari, Abaji, Kwali and Gwagwalada. According to him, the gesture is to ease the sufferings of the less privileged, especially with the continued partial lockdown in the FCT. At Kuje, the first point of call was the Kuje Correctional Centre where bags of of rice, maize and millet were distributed for the inmates while some Orphanages and communities also benefitted from the relief. The Imam said 50 bags of each of the grains were distributed to each of the area councils through their religious and traditional leaders for the most vulnerable in the society. “This is our own little contribution to support the less privileged in our society, especially at this trying period. “I advice those in charge of the distribution at the area councils to be just and sincere in the discharge of their responsibility. “Most of them are Imams, so we trust their sense of judgment, as we collectively reach out to the poor,” he said. Adigun called on well to do Nigerians to support government in efforts to reach out to the need in the society, as government alone cannot do it. He thanked the FCT Minister, Alhaji Muhammad Bello, and his team for supporting the CFII, while calling on religious leaders to continue to enlighten the public on ways to defeat the deadly coronavirus. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the CFII had earlier in April made similar donations when the lockdown was first announced to curb the spread of COVID-19. (NAN) By Muhyideen Jimoh Abuja - The Committee of FCT Imams Initiative (CFII), on Thursday, donated food items to Muslim faithful in the six area councils of the FCT.The Chairman of the association, Alhaji Tajudeen Adigun, said that the measure was meant to ease the sufferings of the less-privileged, especially with… April 2, 2020 In "News" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has assured equitable distribution of the Federal Government palliatives to the vulnerable persons to cushion the impact of the lockdown in Abuja. The Director-General of FEMA, Alhaji Abbas Idriss, gave the assurance during the handover of some grains by the… April 25, 2020 In "News" By Kabir Muhammad   Abuja -   The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Secretary, has trained about 5,000 residents on new farming skills, in 2018, to boost agriculture and food production. Mr Nzekwe Ifeanyichukwu, Secretary, Agriculture and Rural Development Secretariat (ARDS), said this while addresding journalists, on the activities of the… December 20, 2018 In "Business"