PORT HARCOURT (SundiataPost) – Mr. Simeon Nwakaudu, media assistant to Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, is dead. Nwakaudu died on Sunday afternoon after a brief illness. He passed on at the Rivers State University Teaching Hospital (RSUTH) where he was being treated for an undisclosed ailment. He was until his death Wike’s special assistant on electronic media. In a condolence message, Paulinus Nsirim, the state commissioner of information, quoted the governor as describing Nwakaudu as a “loyal and dedicated professional”. “Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has expressed shock over the sudden death of his Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Mr. Simeon Nwakaudu,” the statement read. “He described late Nwakaudu as a loyal and dedicated professional who contributed immensely to the implementation of the The NEW Rivers Vision. “The governor on behalf of his family, the government and good people of the State condoled with the bereaved family. He prayed God to grant them the fortitude to bear the great loss.” By John Amieyeofori   Port Harcourt    -         Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers has expressed shock over the death of the state’s Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Emmanuel Aguma in Port Harcourt. Wike, in a statement issued by his Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Mr Simeon… August 12, 2018 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has sacked Commissioner of Power, Hon Shedrach Chukwu. Wike directed the sacked commissioner to submit all Government Documents and Property in his possession to the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Power. The Special Assistant to the… May 13, 2019 In "Top Stories" PORT HARCOURT (Sundiata Post) - Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has approved the appointment of Dr Uche Chukwuma as the Acting Director General of the Neighbourhood Safety Agency. A statement by Simeon Nwakaudu, Special Assistant to the Rivers State Governor on Electronic Media, noted that Dr Chukwuma, who retired… March 16, 2018 In "Metro"