Communal clash between Omor and Umumbo communities started in Ayamelum Local Government Area of Anambra State has rendered 1,000 people homeless. Also, 80 others have been missing since the clash which occurred last week. Outside that, 40 houses were reportedly burnt during the crisis which erupted over the ownership of the Federal Government land housing the Anambra River Basin Authority. However, to revive the moribund River Basin Authority, the Federal Government has approved N200 million out of which N100 million has so far been released. The member representing Oyi-Ayamelum Federal Constituency, Mr. Vincent Ekene Ofumelu, told journalists yes-terday that the two communities owned the land before it was taken over by the Federal Government, during the military era, for the establishment of the River Basin Authority. Ofumelu, however, noted that part of the land was given to the two communities as compensation for the land acquired by the Federal Government. According to him, the two communities have been at war ever since. He said: “So far, the over 1,000 persons who have been displaced are now seeking refuge at the Omasi Catholic Church parish as a makeshift Internally Displaced People’s (IDP) Camp with little or no welfare to take care of them. “In the National Assembly, I moved motions for the fate of the River Basin Authority which has not been performing optimally and the Federal Government,through the Ministry of Water Resources, approved N200 million. So far, N100 million has been released to that effect.” Ofumelu, however, announced that stakeholders and leaders from the two communities had been meeting in a bid to resolve the crisis. The lawmaker added that policemen and other security agents had been deployed to enforce law and order in the area. He, however, appealed to the Federal Government as well as the state and local governments to provide food items, household materials and medications for the people to avert an outbreak of epidemic. Ofumelu also announced that COVID-19 palliatives for the two communities had been increased in view of the condition they found themselves. Source: New Telegraph By PAMELA EBOH, Awka A renewed bloody communal clash between Omor and Umunbo villages in Ayamelum Local Government Area of Anambra State has led to the abduction of 50 persons. Also affected were over 300 farmers that sustained various degrees of bullet and machete wounds. The renewed clash, which started… May 7, 2020 In "News" By Tosin Kolade   Abuja   -       Kano and Ogun States have been selected to begin the pilot implementation of Partnership for Expanded Water and Sanitation (PEWASH) programme for universal access to potable drinking water and sanitation. Mr Suleiman Adamu, the Minister of Water Resources told the… December 11, 2018 In "News" Chimezie Anaso Awka, - Chief Ekene Enefe, the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) candidate in the Feb.23 House of Representatives election has urged the Anambra Elections Tribunal to declare winner of the election. He contested the election with the hope to represent Oyi/Anyamelum Federal Constituency of the state. Enefe made… March 22, 2019 In "Politics"