KEBBI – The second case of coronavirus in Kebbi State, who absconded from the hospital, is dead, The Nation reports. Commissioner for Health​, Jaafaru Mohammed, who also is the chairman State Task Force on covid-19, stated this on Saturday while giving situation updates on the emergency. He said: “The second case was a patient from the Federal Medical Centre, Birnin Kebbi. He was a 60 year old man, a known diabetic and hypertensive patient. ”He was brought to the centre from the Usmanu Danfodiyo University Teaching Hospital ( UDUTH), Sokoto by his relative ”After reviewing the case by a Consultant, COVID-19 was suspected and our Rapid Response Team swung into action.” Mohammed said his samples were taken on April 25 but the patient absconded before he was taken to the isolation centre. The commisioner lamented​ the patient died at home on April 26. Mohammed explained: “The corpse was taken to UDUTH mortuary as against the earlier information given by his family members that, it was taken to Benue State for burial. ”On the 29th of April, 2020, the result turned out to be positive and the contact tracing commenced.” The Commissioner disclosed the team had traced twelve close contacts and seventeen others. ”Their samples have been taken to the reference laboratory in UDUTH, Sokoto while the Sokoto State Epidomologist and the Management of UDUTH had been informed,” he added. The Lagos State Government has announced that a 36-year-old man died of coronavirus in the state. The Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the announcement via his Twitter handle on Sunday. He said that the Nigerian died on Saturday in a private facility. Abayomi confirmed the death as… April 5, 2020 In "News" The management of the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital has accused a professor of medicine on its staff of conniving to conceal from his colleagues vital information on a suspected case of COVID-19 who died at the hospital last week. The federal facility said the suspected case had been on… April 5, 2020 In "News" ILORIN - The Kwara State Government has confirmed two cases of COVID-19 in the state. The Chief Press Secretary to the Governor and spokesman of the Technical Committee on COVID-19, Rafiu Ajakaye, announced this on Monday evening via a statement. He also confirmed the authenticity of the statement when contacted… April 6, 2020 In "News"