By Stanley Nwanosike  Enugu  –  Igwe Lawrence Agubuzu, Chairman of Enugu State Council of Traditional Rulers’ Council, says Prof. Ibrahim Gambari will bring his `three-fold experiences’ to assist the President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration. Agubuzu stated this in a congratulatory message issued in Enugu on Thursday and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). NAN recalls that the Presidency unveiled Gambari as the new Chief of Staff to President on Wednesday during the Federal Executive Council meeting. The monarch, who was ambassador of Nigeria to some countries, said that the appointment was well-deserved. “Nigerians will be glad to see you bring the trinity of your academic, diplomatic and technocrat experiences to assist President Buhari to steer our ship of state safely to the satisfaction of all Nigerians. “It gives me immense pleasure to congratulate you on your well-deserved appointment as Chief of Staff to His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari,’’ he said. Agubuzu, who is the traditional ruler of Ezrma Olo Kingdom in Enugu State, said that he had worked closely with Gambari at national and international levels, adding that he had ‘’performed brilliantly well in all responsibility he had handled before now. “Having been with you and seen you perform brilliantly in many international fora, particularly at the United Nations in New York, OAU/African Union in Addis Ababa and National Conference 2014. “I believe that you will acquit yourself creditably in the challenging office of Chief of Staff,” he said. The monarch wished the accomplished diplomat and lecturer success in his new office. (NAN) By Stanley Nwanosike Enugu -   Enugu State Traditional Rulers’ Council has advised Nigerians, especially politicians, to emulate the late former Vice-President, Dr Alex Ekwueme’s ideology of politics of accommodation. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that Ekwueme died on Nov. 19, 2017 at a London hospital after a… January 30, 2018 In "Politics" Enugu Monarchs Mourn Maitama Sule, Say Demise Big Loss to Africa July 5, 2017 In "News" •Prof Ibrahim Gambari, new Chief of Staff To President Muhammadu Buhari Two hundred years ago the Aare Kakanfo of the ancient Oyo Empire and the self-proclaimed Oba of Ilorin, Aare Afonja, rebelled against the Alaafin of Oyo and entered into a military alliance with a Fulani advisor, sorcerer and mercenary… May 13, 2020 In "Opinion"