The FG has been directed to suspend its planned deployment of the Fifth Generation, 5G Network in the country. The motion was sponsored by Sen. Uche Ekwunife (PDP Anambra), who in her lead debate said there were growing concerns on the on-going discussion about the current status of 5G network in Nigeria, especially in regards to the question, ‘if Nigeria is presently connected to 5G.’ She said there were further concerns by some scientists and medical experts that emission from 5G towers could adversely affect the health of citizens by causing symptoms like damage to the eyes and immune systems, among other adverse effects. The Deputy Majority Leader, Senator Ajayi Boroffice, said the 5G network deployment remained a controversial issue. He said the experts should be allowed to handle it and deliberate on the merits and demerits of its deployment. Senator Opeyemi Bamidele said it would be irresponsible of any government to subscribe to a technology that won’t be safe for its citizens, The Punch reports The Senate in its other resolution directed the concerned committees to also investigate the technological impact of the network on Nigerians and report back to plenary within two weeks. Source The Senate has resolved to thoroughly investigate the proposed introduction of the 5 Generation Network (5G) to determine the status of the technology in Nigeria and its potential impact on the citizens. The Upper Chamber urged the Federal Government to stop the introduction of the 5G Network pending the report… May 5, 2020 In "News" Mr Kings Adeyemi, NIEEE’s National Chairman, said in a statement on Friday in Lagos that the evolution of every stage from 1G to the 4G technologies came with speculations and fears that never happened. He stated that 5G technology had no link to COVID-19. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… April 17, 2020 In "News" A global raging controversy has been going on for some years now with respect to the deployment of Fifth Generation (5G) Mobile Technology Network in some countries of the world. Recently, this controversy has heightened for two main reasons. The first is the outbreak of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Wuhan,… April 15, 2020 In "Opinion"