The founder and leader of Anointed Palace Chapel APC Rev. Obofour have finally caused the arrest of Prophet Elisha. It would be remembered that Prophet Elisha in an interview on Metro FM months ago revealed that Rev. Obofour killed two of his children in Cotonou just to remain powerful. According to him, he has proof that Rev. Obofour is evil and would soon come out to drop them if Obofour reacts. After the story went viral, Rev Obofour denied the story vowed that he will go all out to make sure Prophet Elisha is arrested and brought to justice. He added that even if his dead father even asks him to let go of the matter, he would never listen to him until justice is served. Fearing what he was going to face, Prophet Elisha recorded an audio apologizing to the preacher. Well, Rev. Obofour has revealed that Prophet Elisha has been arrested and currently serving a 1-year jail sentence at the Sunyani Central Prison. Rev. Obofour talking about the issue shared a video of when Prophet Elisha was been taking to the prisons to begin his jail term. He further revealed Elisha was jailed a day after he was finally arrested by the police. Watch the video below: Source: Ghpage A man, Razak who attended a church and was delivered by Rev Obofour in Ghana has called out the pastor reneging on his promises after hiring him for the act.  Recall that we so he could deliver him from the habit of smoking in a church programme organised by one Ghanaian… November 1, 2019 In "Metro" Ghana - A Pastor in Ghana, Rev. Obofour has been bashed online for commanding a member of his church to smoke marijuana.  According to reports, Obofour, who is the general overseer of Anointed Palace Chapel gave the order during a three-day programme organised by Abruku Abruka, a colleague to the… October 29, 2019 In "Entertainment" Reverend Obofour, the G.O of Anointed Palace Chapel, Ghana, has revealed that every pastor loves a woman with big buttocks. In an interview on his TV Show, he said that he is always stunned when people accuse Pastors of womanizing, when everyone loves big buttocks. According to him: “If all… August 15, 2019 In "Metro"