AKURE (SundiataPost) – Gunmen have abducted a naval officer, Lt. Commander Ajare Uchegbulah Amadi and two other persons along the Owo/Ikare Road in Ondo State. The Public Relations Officer of Ondo State Police Command, ASP Tee-Leo Ikoro, confirmed the incident to Channels Television on Wednesday. According to him, the victims were travelling to Abuja last Sunday when the gunmen suspected to be kidnappers emerged from the bush and abducted them along the Ose/Oba Akoko road, in Akoko North-East Local Government Area of the state. Ikoro, however, noted that the two other occupants of the vehicle have been rescued. According to him, a joint rescue team of military, police and civil defencemen have been combing the bushes around the vicinity to rescue the victim. He, therefore, appealed to residents of the area to be vigilant and inform the police if they notice any strange persons and movements in the area. Meanwhile, the PPRO assured the law-abiding residents of the state not to entertain any fear, saying that the police remains committed to the security of their lives and property. Kidnappers operating along the borders of Ondo and Edo States have demanded the sum of N20m to release an Army Captain abducted on Tuesday. The Army Captain identified as D. Gana and three others were abducted along Auga/Akunnu road in Akoko North East Local Government of Ondo State while returning… May 13, 2020 In "News" AKURE - Mr. Adebayo Gbenga, an official of West African Examinations Council (WAEC) and three yet-to-be-identified persons have been reportedly kidnapped by gunmen at Oba-Akoko along Owo/Akungba-Akoko Road, Akoko South Local Government of Ondo State. Sources revealed that Mr. Adebayo was abducted while taking his son to Adekunle Ajasin University,… December 24, 2019 In "News" By Babatope Okeowo  An Inspector of Police was shot dead while a sergeant escaped death when suspected gunmen attacked them while they were on patrol at Isua-Akoko in Akoko South-West Local Government Area of Ondo State, on Monday. The two policemen were on patrol duty to check the menace of… August 6, 2019 In "Metro"