The Cross River State Government has again returned 120 Almajiris to their states. The Almajiris who attempted to enter Cross River State, came in on Saturday night through the Gakem – Benue border. Speaking to newsmen, the Commissioner for Youths and Skills Acquisition, Hon Signor Omang Idiege lamented the action of truck drivers. He said two trucks brought in over 120 boys and girls as well as some adult men (without luggage) through the border areas into the State. The Commissioner, however, ordered the return of the two loaded trucks and thanked the Governor of Cross River State, Prof Ben Ayade for his outstanding visionary qualities. “His declaration of various COVID 19 control measures from day one which includes the permanent lockdown of borders has kept the state out of this deadly virus and it is equally helping to trap the influx of Almajiris”. He thanked the Police, Civil Defence, Peace Corps, the vigilantes and the youths for their Commitments to the fight, urging them to continue to step up their activities as the war against COVID-19 is not yet over until it is over. Source •A police checkpoint In his address to the nation on COVID-19 pandemic on 27 April 2020, President Muhammadu Buhari announced some key measures to contain the rapidly spreading cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) infection across the country.  Among other things, the president announced that: (a) There will be an overnight curfew… May 11, 2020 In "Opinion" Rivers State, Governor Nyesom Wike, has ordered the immediate deportation of almajiris and other street beggars from the state with immediate effect in a bid to curb the spread of coronavirus in the state. The Governor gave the order on Monday in a statewide broadcast on COVID-19. He said it… April 28, 2020 In "News" The Northern Governors Forum met on May 1st, 2020 to continue their discussions on tackling the Corona Virus Pandemic in the region. The meeting which again held via teleconferencing was presided over by Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Plateau State Simon Bako Lalong. The Forum reviewed some of… May 2, 2020 In "News"