Peter Okoye of the defunct Psquare music Group has reminded Cynthia Morgan of how she rejected the contract he gave her, after she narrated how she “lost everything” associated with her music career to his elder brother and CEO of Northside Records, Jude Okoye. We reported earlier that Cynthia Morgan who narrated her ordeal in an Instalive session, said she lost her stage name, Instagram account, royalty and VEVO account due to the contract she signed witth Jude Okoye. Reacting to Cynthia’s disclosure, Peter Okoye revealed that he also decided to cut off the relationship he had with his elder brother and twin brother Paul Okoye 3 years ago, to be free. He also recalled how Cynthia Morgan rejected the contract he gave her because “they” made him look like the bad egg. Peter encouraged the dancehall star never to give up and also to understand that God has a purpose for everything. He tweeted: “And some people thought i was stupid when I made the right decision. My dear C Morgan! it’s never to late to be what you might have been. God will surely see you through and carry you through the storm. Keep believingMy dear C Morgan, The decision i made 3yrs ago was never about the firm,money or power! It was for my FREEDOM! “Sad you rejected the contract i gave u. Just because they made you see me like the bad egg. I pray you understand that God has a purpose for everything. Never give up “The Truth shall prevail. God will surely see you through C Morgan… Gnight Source Cynthia Morgan's former manager, Joy Tongo has gone on Twitter and Instagram to slam the dancehall musician after she granted an interview where she blamed Jude Okoye for her career woes. In an Instagram Live chat with former Miss Globe Nigeria, Cassandra Ogbebor, Cynthia Morgan spoke about the record label… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" A source has revealed to Linda Ikeji's Blog that Kiss Daniel and Chidinma Ekile are an item. LIB reports that the singers started dating some time this year and are reportedly very much in love with each other. Considering the snaps Kiss Daniel shared on his Instastories last night, we… March 12, 2018 In "Entertainment" Pop musician, Peter Okoye, one half of defunct Nigerian music duo, P-Square, has celebrated deceased musical icon, Michael Jackson, 10 years after death. Tuesday marks the 10th anniversary of Jackson’s death. The 37-year-old singer shared a picture of the man known as the King of Pop via Instagram. “10 years… June 25, 2019 In "News"