Nigerian singer, Seyi Shay has recovered her Instagram (IG) account after it was hacked and her sexy pictures were leaked by hackers. Gistvic Blog recall, Seyi Shay pictures was all over Social media after her Instagram account was hacked on Thursday May 21st. The hacker posted racy photos on the IG account which made fans reacting. Today Tuesday May 26, The singer thanked fans and shared a new video on her retrieved IG account with the caption; “Back N Better!Thank you Beautiful people!!” Back N Better!  Thank you Beautiful people!!  Follow @Seyishaygram for dat ‘nu nu’  #fanpage #biggirl A post shared by  OFFICIAL FAN PAGE (@iamseyishay) on May 26, 2020 at 9:37am PDT We could recall, TV Personality Shade Ladipo accused Singer Seyi Shay of lying that her Instagram account was hacked. According to her, the hack is possible, but how did the hackers get her pics. Taking to her Instagram stories, she wrote;” “So I want to understandIf your Instagram account gets hacked did they also hack your naked pictures from within the Instagram? I’m asking for my Neighbour oh.” “If you want to show us Bobbie and small yansh pls do like your mates and stand by it with your full chestI’m here for the whole thing but stop saying your account was hackedWe went to school Ma.” Source: Gistvic.com Wizkid’s third baby mama, Jada Pollock has taken to social media to add a new twist to domestic allegation claims against the singer by alleging that her account was hacked. While posting an apology, Jada Pollock, who also doubles as the “Ojuelegba” hitmaker’s manager disclosed that the statement did not… July 18, 2019 In "Metro" BBNaija Season 4 winner, Mercy Eke, has gotten a brand new management for herself, and this decision did not appeal to singer, MC Galaxy at all. The singer immediately unfollowed her on Instagram after she posted the details of her new management for business deals and enquiries. Recall that Mercy… October 14, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja - Fans of Nigeria’s famous hip-hop star and singer, Seyi Shay, have congratulated the star on her new endorsement deal with the Middle Eastern telecommunications company, Samsson Group. The star was made the official brand ambassador at the Samsson headquarters in Lagos, on Wednesday and has also been signed… May 19, 2016 In "Entertainment"