Cairo  –  Egypt, on Sunday announced that it would mull over a return to normal life after mid-June as it said the novel coronavirus would “remain and will not disappear.” Egypt’s Prime Minister Mostafa Madbouli told a news conference that starting in mid-June measures for the gradual return to normal life in various sectors would be announced. “The virus will remain and will not disappear, and as a state and citizens, we have to be aware how to live with it,” he said. He pointed out that the government will mull over the reopening of restaurants, mosques, churches, sports clubs, and youth centres with new precautionary measures. Egypt had closed all these facilities and limited the work of restaurants to home delivery. Madbouli also announced new precautions for the Muslim festival of Eid al-Fitr, including longer curfew hours to curb the spread of the virus. Eid al-Fitr, which marks the end of the fasting month of Ramadan, is due to start next Sunday and last for three days. “Eid al-Fitr is a social occasion which is associated with large gatherings in streets and squares … which is an opportunity for the virus to spread,” Madbouli told a news conference. Madbouli announced that a curfew from 5 p.m to 6 a.m (1500 – 0400 GMT) would be imposed during the Eid vacation, starting on Sunday and extending until Friday. The curfew during Ramadan starts at 9 p.m, an hour later than before. According to him, all commercial shops, malls, restaurants, places of entertainment, beaches, and parks will be closed over the six days in order to curb the spread of the virus. Also, group transportation will be suspended over the period to control the movement of citizens. Starting May 30, shops and malls will be allowed to reopen for two weeks from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. (dpa/NAN) •Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s wife has tested positive for novel coronavirus, his office said late Thursday, while assuring the public the Canadian prime minister is fine. Canada’s leader and his 44-year-old wife announced Thursday they were self-isolating while she was tested for coronavirus after a public event.… March 13, 2020 In "Foreign" Cairo - Egypt’s economy grew 5.6 per cent in the 2018/19 fiscal year and is “on the right track’’ as it completes IMF-backed reforms, Prime Minister Mustafa Madbouli said on Wednesday. Madbouli said the budget deficit came in at 8.2 per cent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP), which was slightly… July 17, 2019 In "Business" Cairo - Iran said on Friday that it was closer to the containment of the COVID-19 outbreak in most of the country. Meanwhile, Turkey is poised to overtake Iran as the hardest-hit country in the Middle East due to rapid growth of new cases. Iran on Friday reported 1,499 new… April 18, 2020 In "Health"