By David Adeoye  Ibadan  –  Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has congratulated the Soun of Ogbomosoland, Oba Oyewumi Ajagungbade III, on his 94th birthday, describing him as a leader and royal father with an exemplary life. Makinde, in a statement issued on Wednesday by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Taiwo Adisa, said the life of the monarch, as a leader and father to all, was something the people were always proud of. The governor prayed to God to grant the royal father good health to enable him continue to lead the people and bring greater prosperity to Ogbomosoland. The statement read: “On behalf of the Government and the good people of Oyo State, I felicitate with our father, the Soun of Ogbomosoland, Oba Oladunni Oyewumi Ajagungbade III, as he celebrates his 94th birthday. “Kabiyesi, your exemplary life as a leader and father to all has always been something we are proud of. “We celebrate you today and pray that God Almighty grants you good health so that you can continue to lead your people and bring greater prosperity to your domain, HappyBirthday, Kabiyesi.” (NAN) Abuja -  President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the Soun of Ogbomoso, Oba Oladunni Oyewumi Ajagungbade III, as he turns 90 years on May 27. This is contained in a statement issued in Abuja on Thursday by the president’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina. According to the… May 26, 2016 In "News" By Ademola Babalola, Ibadan IBADAN - A 344-year-old tortoise, popularly known as Alagba, in the palace of the Soun of Ogbomoso in Oyo State died on Thursday. The tortoise, which was the oldest in Africa, was ill for a few days before her demise. Alagba became a popular breed upon… October 4, 2019 In "Metro" IBADAN (Sundiata Post) - Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde said on Wednesday that his government would pay special attention to the less privileged and the disabled. The governor, who was speaking at a special Eid-el-Fitri celebration which he hosted at the Government House, Agodi, Ibadan, said he would ensure a… June 5, 2019 In "Politics"