By Sunday John  Lafia  –   Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawab State has inaugurated the 2000 Joint Administration and Matriculation Board (JAMB) professional test centre as part of activities to mark his one year in office. Speaking during the inauguration on Wednesday in Lafia, the governor said the centre was built and equipped by the state government. He explained that the project, which consisted of four halls with 500 capacities, each with office accommodation, was started by his predecessor and completed by him. “Government is a continuum; my predecessor started the project and I completed it; that is the beauty of government. “Government is a continuum and a lot of government resources have been spent on projects by my predecessor, hence our desire to complete them, as well as embark on fresh once,” the governor added. He said that the structures had been donated to the board to reposition the education sector and support youth seeking administration into tertiary institutions. “The centre would not only be for benefit of Nasasawa State indigenes alone, but the entire country,” the governor said. Earlier, Hajiya Fatu Sabo, Commissioner of Science and Technology, said government had initiated a four-year development plan to re-position the education sector for improved teaching and learning. The commissioner further explained that the government had also embarked on massive construction of new classrooms and renovation of existing ones across the state. “We would also focus on the training and re-training of the manpower that would drive the process to equip them for better output,” she said. (NAN). Jos -  Gov Simon Lalong of Plateau on Monday inaugurated nine community-based projects initiated by local government councils in the state. These include two rural electricity projects located at Tapo, Heipang district of Barkin Ladi Local Government Area and Duei, in Du district of Jos South Local Government Area. During… June 3, 2016 In "News" By Isaac Ukpoju Abuja - Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State and his predecessor, Sen. Umaru Al-Makura, have denied rumours of a rift between them over alleged inherited debt. The duo made the clarification at a joint press briefing in Abuja on Friday following a visit by Gov. Sule to… December 6, 2019 In "News" By Mohammed Baba Busu Lafia - The Nasarawa State House of Assembly has lauded Gov. Abdullahi Sule’s resolve to complete projects initiated by his predecessor, Sen. Tanko Al-Makura. Alhaji Abdulaziz Danladi, Chairman, House Committee on Works and Transport, while inspecting the Lafia/Kwandere/Keffi road on Thursday, said that completing the projects… October 29, 2019 In "News"