Pandemonium broke out at one of the isolation centres located at Kwanar Dawaki,in Kano state,when some COVID-19 patients held health workers hostage for four hours. The former chairman, Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) Kano branch, Professor Aminu Mohammed confirmed the aggrieved patients took two medical doctors and one nurse into captivity. He said the health workers were on routine medical ward round check when the incident occurred. According to him, the health workers, who wore PPE during the routine check were rounded up and locked up in an empty room in the centre, where they were held hostage for four hours. He decried the maltreatment of the health workers by the patients, saying they had to break open the door of the room where they were kept when the heat became unbearable. When contacted, the head of Kano Covid-19 technical response team, Dr Tijjani Husaini, said he was not aware of the incident. One of the patients, who spoke under the condition of anonymity, said they were displeased with the way they were been treated. The patient lamented they have been in isolation for one week without been subjected to medical examination to truly determine if they had contracted the virus or not, saying they wanted to be released to rejoin their families. The Nation There has been panic among medical workers at the Irrua Specialist Teaching Hospital, Edo State, after two doctors tested positive for coronavirus on Thursday, Sunday PUNCH can report. It was gathered that the two affected doctors worked at the facility’s Pathology and Obstetrics and Gynecology departments. A senior medical officer… April 5, 2020 In "Health" Some private hospitals, which shut down operations after some of their staff members became exposed to coronavirus patients, have given details of how carriers of the deadly virus came to their facilities. Findings by SUNDAY PUNCH revealed that the affected hospitals had suspended operations to decontaminate their facilities and adhere… April 26, 2020 In "Health" •Dr Abdullahi Ganduje, Governor of Kano State I raised alarm in an article I wrote which was published in the Daily Trust Newspaper (page 6) on April 22nd, 2020 on how COVID-19 was ravaging Kano city. I opined that if urgent action was not taken by the Federal Government, the… April 26, 2020 In "Opinion"