A former Managing Director of a bank – EWT Microfinance Bank Limited – Mrs. Miriam Ladi Truman has been arraigned before a Federal High Court in Abuja on offences relating to financial malpractices. Mrs.Truman was, in a six-count charge, marked: FHC/ABJ/CR/16/2020 filed by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), charged with conspiracy and granting of loans beyond her approval limit, offences under the Failed Bank (Recovery of Debts) and Financial Malpractices in Banks Act of 2004. The ex-bank chief was alleged to have acted with the bank’s Head of Credit and Marketing Department, Kola Alade (now at large) in granting series of loans totalling N25.7million, beyond her approval limit. In count two, Mrs. Truman was accused of granting N10m “temporary overdraft” to ESBA Nig. Ltd, “which sum was above your approval limit as laid down by the regulations of EWT Microfinance Bank Limited.” She was, counts three, four,five and six accused granting loans of N5m to ESBA Nig Ltd on January 24, 2016; N700,000 to Hajara Hassan Dau on March 21, 2016; N5 to Ayo-Abimbola Segun on May 18, 2016 and N5 to the Light Maritime Limited on January18, 2016 in similar circumstances. Mrs. Truman pleaded not guilty to the charge on her arraignment, following which the court granted her bail upon an application by her lawyer. Justice Inyang Ekwo has adjourned till July 22 for the commencement of trial. The Nation Lagos - A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos on Tuesday adjourned the trial of the former managing director of Bank PHB, now Keystone Bank Plc., Francis Atuche, till Oct. 28 and Oct.29. Atuche is standing trial along Charles Ojo, the former managing director of the defunct Spring Bank Plc.,… June 30, 2015 In "News" LAGOS - A Federal High Court in Lagos on Tuesday held that the Rules of Practice Direction were not binding on a former Managing Director of defunct Bank PHB, Francis Atuche. In a ruling, Justice Saliu Saidu held that Section 5 of the Rules was not enforceable on defence. He… September 30, 2014 In "News" IBADAN - Justice Adeyinka Faji of the Federal High Court sitting in Ibadan on Thursday fixed June 19 to rule on bail applications by eight bank officials charged with N8 billion currency scam. The bank officials, including three Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) employees, were arraigned on June 3 on… June 11, 2015 In "News"