A well-known hotelier in Owode Yewa area of Ogun State, Alhaji Jimoh Bello, has been declared missing by his family after driving during curfew hours on Monday. The police have confirmed the incident to DAILY POST. Alhaji Bello is the owner of Uncle J. Bee Hotel, located at 168, Lagos-Idiroko Road, Owode, Yewa South Local Government area of Ogun State. The man was said to have left his house in Owode, telling his wife and children that he was driving to Idiroko around 8:30pm. Recall that the Federal Government has imposed curfew on the entire nation from 8pm to 6am. Bello, who is popularly known as Uncle JB in the area was said to have left his house on Monday, May 18; he is yet to return home since then. Family sources said they did not know the exact place he was going in Idiroko, adding that he only said he was going to deliver some fuel to a customer in Idiroko. A daughter of the missing hotelier, Damola Bello, told our correspondent that all his father’s mobile phones could not be reached since Monday. Damola said his father drove a silver-coloured Toyota Camry car he bought two months ago. The car, according to Damola, is yet to be registered, saying it still has a foreign number plate tagged “Texas”. “My father, Alhaji Jimoh Bello a.k.a Uncle JB left Owode Yewa for Idiroko in Ogun State around 8:30 to 9:00pm on Monday, 18th May, 2020. “Since then, his whereabouts is yet to be known as every effort to contact him proved abortive. “None of his phone numbers is reachable. The matter has been officially reported at Owode police station,” Damola told our correspondent. According to her, some people have suggested that his father might have been arrested by the police for breaching the order on night curfew. Contacted, the DPO of Owode police station confirmed the incident to DAILY POST on Thursday. The DPO told our correspondent in a telephone interview that the case was reported at the station yesterday, adding that the police had begun search for Alhaji Bello. Source By Abiodun Lawal Owode - The People of Owode-Yewa in Yewa South Local Government Area of Ogun, have urged the Federal Government to intervene over alleged nefarious activities of some Customs officers in the area. Leaders and youths in the community are furious over alleged recent killings of their people… January 25, 2019 In "News" OWODE-YEWA (OGUN) - Brig.-Gen. Ahmadu Bello, Commander, Nigerian Army Mapping and Survey Command (AMSC), on Friday said the soldiers’ involvement in sports would ensure their physical fitness. Bello made the statement while speaking with journalists at the end of the AMSC Sports Week in its command in Owode Yewa Barracks,… March 6, 2015 In "News" By Ige Adekunle Sango-Ota - The Idiroko Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Ogun on Wednesday advised motorists against speeding on Idiroko Road to reduce the number of commercial motorcyclists being killed. Mr Akinwunmi Olaluwoye, the Idiroko Unit Commander of FRSC, gave the advice in an interview… August 7, 2019 In "Metro"