London  –  Players in the English Premier League (EPL) will be prohibited from tackling while pitches will have to be disinfected when clubs return to training, a report indicates. The report further indicates that these are part of plans to prevent the further spread of COVID-19. Citing an official protocol sent to EPL players and managers outlining conditions for returning to training, the report said pitches, corner-kick flags, cones and goalposts would have to be disinfected after each session. Players will be tested twice per week for the virus and take a daily temperature check. They will also be forbidden from congregating together or travelling to or from training with team mates, the report added. The Premier League did not immediately respond to a request to comment on the report. English football has been on hold since March along with most leagues across Europe due to the pandemic. Yet, while clubs across the continent have begun training again and set dates for re-starting their seasons, England’s top-flight is yet to confirm plans for returning to training or matches. Germany’s Bundesliga is set to become the first of Europe’s top five leagues to start up again when matches resume on Saturday. The Polish, Austrian and Portuguese leagues have also confirmed start dates. Clubs in Spain’s top two divisions have returned to individual training. While no date has been set for matches to restart, La Liga president Javier Tebas has said he hopes action will resume from June 12. (Reuters/NAN) London - Manchester United have reached an agreement with Leicester City to sign centre-back Harry Maguire with a transfer fee of 80 million pounds (96.96 million dollars) agreed, reports on Friday indicate. Should the deal go through, Maguire will become the most expensive defender in the world, surpassing the 75… August 2, 2019 In "Sports" By Lexi Elo with Agency Report Last week's confirmation of a €6.9 billion, three-year Premier League television deal put an end to any debate about the long-term pulling power of football. The announcement takes the sport to a whole new level at a time when global austerity suggests such figures… February 16, 2015 In "Sports" SkySports reports that the Premier League and EFL have postponed all fixtures until April 4 and 3 respectively at the earliest due to the threat of the coronavirus. The Football Association has also postponed England's international friendly matches against Italy and Denmark, scheduled for March 27 and 31 respectively, while… March 13, 2020 In "Sports"