ABUJA – The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, of harbouring a hidden agenda, in his attempt to smuggle his Infectious Diseases Control Bill, into law without the input of Nigerians. They said such a legislation coming without recourse to the laid down procedure of public hearing to allow Nigerians participate in the process of making the law, spelt danger to the polity. “The party describes such moves to shut out Nigerians from public debate on such a crucial legislation as ominous and raises suspicions of sinister objectives as the nation combats the spread of COVID-19 pandemic,” a statement by its spokesman, Kola Ologbodiyan, said, on Saturday. The statement particularly said the party was particularly taken aback especially as the bill sought to prescribe clauses on critical issues, particularly that of vaccination, which had become globally controversial in the face of raging conspiracy theories on the COVID-19 pandemic. “The PDP is alarmed that such approach is already worsening public mistrust in the polity as well as heightening apprehension over the intentions of the presiding officers of the House of Representatives and the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led administration at this critical time. “The PDP insists that Nigerians must be carried along in the decision making process of such a critical legislation, which seeks to make provisions that will directly affect their health, as well as overall individual and collective safety and wellbeing,” the statement, said further. It added: “The party stresses that anything short of that would be counterproductive and capable of breeding an avoidable public resistance, especially given the deepening fear and anxiety in the polity over the COVID-19 pandemic. “The PDP therefore counsels the Speaker of the House of Representative to immediately call himself to order and allow for public hearing on the bill. “Our party also urges our lawmakers in both the House of Representatives and Senate to stand firm against the passage of bill until there is a public hearing to get the inputs of Nigerians into the proposed law.” By EricJames Ochigbo Abuja - A Bill for an Act to repeal the Quarantine Act, and enact the Control of Infectious Diseases bill, has passed a second reading in the House of Representatives. The bill which was sponsored by the Speaker of the House, Femi Gbajabiamila seeks to empower the… April 28, 2020 In "Politics" The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, yesterday, exhibited its clout for upsetting human activities at the top echelons of the Nigerian government. Shortly after reports that Chief of Staff Abba Kyari tested positive to the virus, the Presidential Villa in Abuja was no longer the same. It retained all the trappings of… March 25, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Group under the auspices of Buhari Media Organisation (BMO) has congratulated Senator Ahmad Lawan and Hon Femi Gbajabiamila on their emergence as Senate President and Speaker of the House of Representatives respectively of the Ninth National Assembly, adding that it signposts a dawn… June 12, 2019 In "Top Stories"