Another batch of 19 workers in a yet-to-be named factory in Ibadan Southwest local government of Oyo state have tested positive for coronavirus, according to TheNation. The factory has been shutdown by the Oyo State Government. Governor Seyi Makinde promised to unveil the name of the affected organisation on Tuesday, saying government protected its identity so far to allow the Emergency Operation Centre (EOC) conclude investigations. An initial 30 workers were confirmed positive on Saturday with another eight was detected on Sunday.In all, 57 workers in the factory had tested positive, fuelling tension in the Oyo state capital. The development brings to 137 the total number of confirmed cases in the state. The Governor, while giving an update on his social media handle, said contact tracing of the cases has begun. Makinde said: “The COVID-19 confirmation tests for nineteen suspected cases came back positive. All nineteen of these cases are from the same organisation referred to in the updates of May 16 and 17, 2020. So, the total number of confirmed cases in Oyo State is 137.” Source IBADAN - The Emergency Operations Centre (EOC), of the Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force, is set to test at least 100 persons related to the Ibadan company, where 30 staff members had tested positive Saturday night.A tweet on the account of Governor Seyi Makinde, Chairman of Oyo State COVID-19 Task… May 17, 2020 In "News" According to The Nation, the Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has confirmed the first case of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state. There are 16 patients in Lagos; one in Ekiti; two in Ogun, and three in the federal capital territory (FCT). In a statement on Sunday morning, Oyo state Governor,… March 22, 2020 In "News" By David Adeoye IBADAN - A medical doctor at the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan, has tested positive for Coronavirus (Covid-19). Gov. Seyi  Makinde revealed this on his verified Twitter handle on Saturday night. “The COVID-19 confirmation test for one suspected case; a doctor at the University College Hospital Ibadan… April 19, 2020 In "News"