The age-long saying that hell has no fury as a woman scorned, is about to come true once again, as a young lady recently jilted by his boyfriend is about to send the culprit into the streets, raving mad for refusing to consummate their relationship with marriage. The 32-year-old lady, who did not give her name, is currently warning all that have heard to warn the young man named Kunle, said to be 28, four years younger not to attempt to jilt her after long years of relationship in which she committed more than 28 abortions. According to her, she turned down several suitors who asked her hand marriage thinking her man of many years, Kunle was going to marry her. On an occasion she attempted walking out of the relationship, she revealed Kunle bought a ring worth N500 and got her engaged. She said Kunle avoided marriage talks saying he’s not yet buoyant enough to take care of her and kids, a major reason she kept aborting series of pregnancies until she lost count on the 28th. She had the ring on for three years till he finally caved into setting up an introduction ceremony which he never showed up for. The heartbroken lady has threatened to rain down hell on him for jilting her. Source: Whirlwindnews.com Abuja -  Danielle Saul, a business development manager, committed suicide after her battle with depression due to her inability to cope with her friends getting married while she remained single. According to a report, Danielle, 31, who desperately wanted to get married and had been pressured by the marriages of… March 31, 2016 In "Metro" A South African Baker @nandi_cakes, took to his Twitter page, to list reasons why marrying a woman above 30 is a ‘wrong move’. According to the South African Baker, such women have low fertility and baby with such lady might have downs syndrome. Here’s what he wrote; Why men shouldn’t… February 20, 2018 In "Relationship" Nobody is above scandals, not even tongue speaking, fiery pastors. Many Nigerian pastors have been involved in one scandal or the other. The most rampant is s*x scandals. One has to be careful when jumping from church seeking counsel because of those addressed as men of God are wolves in… October 25, 2019 In "Entertainment"