Crisis may be brewing in the Oyo state chapter of the Nigerian Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) as the Executive members hand over power without election. The Executive members led by the State Deputy President, Comrade Adedokun Moshood said the decision to relinquish power to the Union’s State Secretary without an election was premise on the understanding that the tenure of 9-man state executive council expires on Monday, 18th, May, 2020. Flanked by six out of nine members of the executives in addressing the press after the conclusion of the valedictory meeting of the 2013 elected state officers, Adedokun accused the state President, Comrade Bayo Titilola-Sodo of planning to hold on to power until his retirement from service, later in the year. According to him, the outgoing Executive came to power on December 12th, 2013 and enjoyed another “controversial two year tenure elongation” occasioned by the resolution from a Special National Delegate Conference held in Akure, Ondo state in 2016. He added that their tenure would be remembered for the botched 7th State Delegate Conference held in Saki in 2019 which was halted by the Ibadan Division of the National Industrial Court, by restraining the President from conducting the conference. He added that a three month extension in line with the Union’s constitution was however granted by the court to conduct another election but which would have led to the termination of the tenure by March, 2020. “From calculations, the three months extension should have expired on the 13th March 2020 but in observance of the pending case in NIC, Ibadan Judicial Division, which was not vacated until 19th February, 2020, though registered on 17th December, 2019, we were therefore constrained legally to recognise the 19th, February, 2019 as the commencement of the three months extension. By implication, our three months extension expires on Monday, 18th May, 2020”, Adedokun stated. The aggrieved union member also accused the president of having “the support of the National President, the national secretariat of the union and particularly one most senior local government officer at the Service headquarters, Ibadan” which is making him hold on to power against the spirit of the Unions constitution. When contacted, Titilayo-Sodo attributed his continued stay in office to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the country. He said, “We in the state executive of the union have, so far, enjoyed tenure elongation as a result of the outbreak of the pandemic that is ravaging the world. As you also know, there is a ban on large gathering of people. “There has to be a delegate conference that will midwife the process of emergence of new executive council members at the state level. Those who are meeting to call for my exit and asking that a conference must convene are merely up to make personal mischief against me.” The Nation By Hassan Yakubu Kaduna - The Kaduna State House of Assembly has reintretated it’s commitment to strengthen existing harmonious relationship with the Nigeria Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) in the state. The Speaker of the Assembly, Alhaji Aminu Shagali, stated this when the newly elected executive of the union… December 23, 2019 In "News" By Akeem Abas/Ibrahim Abdulazeez Ibadan - The sacked local government chairmen and councillors in Oyo State on Monday insisted that they had resumed in their various offices. Mr Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye, the Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON) Chairman in the state, made the claim in Ibadan amidst conflicting reports… January 28, 2020 In "Politics" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Comrade Senator Shehu Sani has raised alarm that the ruling All Progressives Congress is like a "bomb waiting to explode" or at best, "a keg of gun-powder".   The Senator representing Kaduna Central at the Red Chamber, informed that the Lagos All Progressives… March 8, 2018 In "Local News"