Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina State has shut down the palace of the Emir of Daura as part of measures to contain the spread of COVID-19. Gov. Aminu Masari, who made the disclosure in Katsina while giving update on the COVID-19 situation in the state, said there was no ulterior motive to the decision to quarantine the palace. “Palace is a place where people visit all the time, we take this decision to contain spread of Coronavirus. READ ALSO: COVID-19: Masari shuts three more markets in Katsina“Reports reaching me reveal that people in rural areas don’t obey the order, people gather during marriages, naming ceremonies, burials and other social gatherings. “I have directed the Emirs of Katsina and Daura to deal decisively with anyone violating the order,” he said. The governor explained that there have been some COVID-19 positive cases from the palace, while samples of 89 people had been taken from the palace for screening by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Masari urged people of the state to continue to adhere strictly to the advice of health experts like social distancing, use of face masks and sanitiser, as well as frequent washing of hands with running water. •Governor Amino Masari of Katsina State KATSINA -Governor Aminu Masari of Katsina State has directed that indigenes returning from coronavirus affected states case or coming back from abroad must be screened at entry points by the health personnel manning the land borders. The Commissioner of Information, Culture and Home Affairs,… April 15, 2020 In "News" By Abdullahi Shugaba/Zubairu Idris Katsina - Gov. Aminu Masari of Katsina State has confirmed nine new cases of COVID-19 in the state. Masari made this known while briefing newsmen on Sunday in Katsina. “We sent samples of 287 suspected persons to the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) for screening.… April 26, 2020 In "News" By Zubairu Idris Katsina - The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has donated drugs worth millions of naira to victims of banditry in various parts of Katsina State. The NEMA Director General, Mr Mustapha Maihaja, said on Wednesday in Katsina that the drugs were for treatment of 27 different ailments.… April 15, 2020 In "News"