A suspected COVID-19 patient died on Tuesday in a vehicle conveying him to an isolation centre in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. His death caused panic among the residents. The patient was reportedly dropped opposite one of the entrances to a leading commercial bank. The suspected patient, identified simply as Alex, a Beninoise, resided in Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State. He was reportedly accompanied by his friend who was seen clutching his remains, seeking help, in a video that trended on social media yesterday. Alex’s friend claims in the video that the deceased took ill when he returned recently from Cotonou, Republic of Benin. He said he and Alex were Beninoise residing in Ijebu-Ode, adding that an officer, perhaps referring to a security operative, was conveying them from Sagamu to Owode Idiroko, a border town in Ogun State, when his friend died in the car. The friend of the deceased said the officer hurriedly dumped him and his deceased friend beside the road. The development caused not a small concern in Abeokuta as residents of the area were worried for their safety, fearing that people could begin to contract this viral disease if the state government fails to move in to disinfect the area. Governor Dapo Abiodun through his Senior Special Assistant on New Media, Emmanuel Ojo, advised Abeokuta residents to be calm. Wonder shall never end. Abeg, I’m too tired to translate abeg… Ah! A post shared by  Tunde Ednut (@tundeednut) on May 5, 2020 at 11:39am PDT Source Panic swept through Abeokuta, particularly residents and occupants of offices around Simeon Adebo Library, Kuto Annex station of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and others near the Kuto branch of the Guaranteed Trust Bank, Abeokuta, when a suspected COVID-19 patient that died was dropped at a point opposite… May 5, 2020 In "News" By Abdul Razaq Ibrahim, Abeokuta An 82-year-old market women leader, Alhaja Saidat Elewuju, popularly referred to as Iyaloja General of Ijebuland in the Ogun east senatorial district has been assassinated by unknown assailants, who arrived her house located in OGD Estate at Itorin-Sabo in Ijebu-Ode. Iya Elewuju, who was said to… July 9, 2015 In "News" By Abiodun Lawal Abeokuta - No fewer than nine persons were confirmed dead on Saturday while 12 others sustained various degrees of injuries in a separate accidents around Ijebu Ife axis on Sagamu – Ijebu -Ode – Benin  expressway. Mr Clement Oladele,  Sector Commander,  Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in… October 27, 2019 In "Metro"