Dr. Doyin Okupe, a medical doctor, who was spokesman to ex-Presidents Olusegun Obasanjo and Goodluck Jonathan was recently discharged after being cured of coronavirus. He shared his experience, detailing the drugs he used. His article is published below: “Hydroxychloroquine, 400mg daily for 2days. Thereafter 400mg daily for three days. Azithromycin 500mg daily for 10 days. Zinc  sulphate 100mg daily  till   today Vitamin C 1200 mg daily till now. I had malaria while on admission. I was effectively treated with an anti malaria. I also developed cough after about a week and was effectively treated by fairly large dose of  Augmentine for 7 days. I must say that there is no universal medical consensus on a specific treatment regime for covid19. Also most of the drugs being used in different centres worldwide are not backed by any detailed or extensive research work anywhere in the world. Most scientific works and studies currently going on have limited scientific acceptability either because the samples used are too scanty, sometimes as low as 40 to 60, or because controls do not exists. It will take another 4 to 6 months before results of credible works are available. However the humongous nature of the global emergency make it impossible for countries not to explore experimental drugs that show any possibility or potential  to contain the virus. In my own case I commenced treatment with the hydroxychloroquine regime four days to my isolation. This was because I read extensively on various options of treatment for Covid-19 and I followed the global debate on the pros and cons of the treatment. With my medical background and  consultations locally with colleagues I already made up my mind that the chloroquine regime was so far the most promising. I ordered for the drugs just in case someone close or even I should unfortunately pick up the virus. I MUST WARN HERE THAT IF YOU HAVE CARDIAC ARRHYTHMIAS ,  YOU WILL NEED TO CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN BEFORE YOU TAKE HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE. I DID. So I was advised to use 200mg twice daily instead of 400mg twice daily for two days. Before the arrival of the results of the swab tests, I put my wife and I on the treatment. My low grade fever disappeared completely and my wife’s bone pains too. Personally I believe the chloroquine combination which is the official treatment regime in Ogun state actually works. Lagos uses anti viral drugs and they also get good results. However the scientific truth we know about treatment for viral infection is that ultimately what eventually works is the innate capability of the immune system of individual patients. It is the immunity level that eventually decides the course of the infection in each individual. That is why age and  coexisting comobidity factors, like obesity, hypertension and diabetes or renal diseases are crucial to survival and wellbeing of infected patients. This is what gives younger people better prospects with the virus. Hence for those who are not sick, you should ingest immune boosting drugs and preparations . Like zinc SULPHATE, immunace, RELOAD and similar immunity enhancing drugs. I also took copious amount of ginger, garlic, tumeric and lemon. In Kaduna I am told that they add dogonyaro leaves to the above mixture and drink liberally. As a tip also, it is known that when the virus first gains access to the body it stays in the nasal cavity and the throat for two to three days. In this position the virus itself is vulnerable. It does naturally in temperatures above 35 degrees Celsius. If at this stage you can consume large quantities of hot water with lemon frequently, you can abort the attack. The good news is that 90 to 95% of infected people will recover and some even without hospitalization. My Advice. Pursue personal safety at whatever cost. Stay at home. Don’t visit  and don’t receive visitors. Family or friends. Check drivers maids and aides. Since it may be difficult to gauge their compliance, either reduce to the barest minimum or do without. Those that must stay must be made to be resident and movements restricted. Maintain physical distancing if you must go out. Comply with the hygiene protocols as recommended by NCDC. All these inconveniences will probably be over by July or latest August 2023. So we can all endure. In the meantime, fortify yourself daily with immune boosters. At the slightest sign of trouble, fever, catarrh and or cough get help instantly . I hope someone finds this piece useful.” Former Senior Special Assistant to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, on Public Affairs, Dr. Doyin Okupe has revealed drugs used to treat him while he battled COVID-19. Okupe had announced on his Facebook page, that on the 23rd of April, he and his wife, Aduralere tested positive to COVID-19 and that on… May 14, 2020 In "Politics" Hausa Broadcast: Buhari’s Media Team Goofed – Okupe June 27, 2017 In "Top Stories" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The Senior Special Assistant (SSA) Media to former President Goodluck Jonathan, Dr. Doyin Okupe, has appeared as the third defence witness (DW3) for the embattled National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olisa Metuh, who is standing trial over his alleged role in… May 18, 2016 In "News"