Yesterday was Mother’s Day, some celebrities took to social media to shout out the important women in their lives, who either gave birth to them or for them and that included Future. He surprised fans when he took to Twitter to send Happy Mother’s Day wishes to most of the women he has children with. By now it’s public knowledge that Future has a lot of children and as a result, a lot of baby mamas. So, it’s nice that he decided to take some time out on Mother’s Day to give them a shout out even if all of them weren’t include in the tribute. Future wrote Mother’s Day messages to Ciara, Joie Chavis, India J, Brittni Mealy, the mother of his son Kash and the mother of his daughter Paris: “Happy Mother’s Day Ci..Baby Future is Life,Preciate u. Happy Mother’s Day India..such a great mother and always putting the kids 1st..u keep me sane and I’m forever grateful for u,Thank u. Thanks for holding my PRINCE down Britt,your love for your kids is amazing and I thank u for staying on top of the business..Happy Mother’s Day. My son Kash mother…real one. Cut frm a different cloth! Happy Mother’s Day baby k. Joie thank u for being an incredible mom…u holding it down! Real one,stay solid HAPPY MOTHERS DAY. Paris [love] your mom deserve it! Happy Mother’s Day mami” Noticeably absent from the Mother’s Day shout out list were Cindy Renae Parker, the alleged mother of his son Legend and Eliza Reign, the alleged mother of his daughter Reign. Both ladies are currently involved in nasty legal battles with Future, which is why they were likely not included. See Post Below; SWIPE: #Roommates, #Future decided to show some #MothersDay appreciation to his baby mamas. A post shared by  The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on May 10, 2020 at 6:16pm PDT Source Juventus and Portugal forward, Cristiano Ronaldo has gotten a priceless gift for his mother to celebrate her on Portuguese Mother's Day. The footballer gifted his mother, Maria Dolores a brand new Mercedes to celebrate her. The 65-year-old mother-of-four took to Instagram on Sunday to flaunt her latest gift and wrote:… May 4, 2020 In "Sports" By Josephine ObuteLagos - Some women and men have said carrying babies on `baby carriers’ was making mothers look like kangaroos instead of human beings. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in separate interviews on Saturday in Lagos that carrying of babies in carriers was not African while… March 30, 2019 In "News" •Meghan, Harry and their baby, Archie The boy whose mother was hounded to her death by the paparazzi has come of age. And he is reminding the British establishment of everything it has tried desperately to forget about that tragedy, and more. Harry, still addressed as His Royal Highness and… January 23, 2020 In "Opinion"