By Olayinka Owolewa  Ilorin   –  The Police in Kwara, on Sunday, intercepted a trailer, carrying many passengers, at Oyun in Ilorin East Local Government Area of the state for contravening the lockdown order. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), who was at the scene of the interception, reports that the trailer, with registration ZAR 180 XW (Kaduna) was coming from Zamfara and heading to Ogbomoso in Oyo State. The vehicle, carrying food items also had no fewer than 40 passengers, comprising men, women and children on board. The Police, however, intercepted the vehicle and asked the driver to return back to where he was coming from. NAN gathered that two police vans escorted the trailer to the boundary between Kwara and Niger. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Kayode Egbetokun, said the command had stationed its men at the boundary with Niger but that the driver resorted to avoiding arrest by going through the bush-path. “I have directed that the trailer be escorted out of Kwara. “It is the first time we intercepting vehicles that come in through an illegal route,’’ Egbetokun said. He said that he had directed his men to go and identify the route and block it. NAN recalls Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara had on April 10 ordered a complete lockdown, restricting vehicular movement in and out of the state as a measure to curb the spread of the COVID-19. (NAN) Police operatives and some medical personnel at Osun/Oyo border on Sunday evening reportedly intercepted a car, said to have conveyed a sick man, who eventually died while being checked. The vehicle, it was learnt, was stopped at Odo Oba, Iwo, an entry point to Osun from Oyo State while attempting… April 21, 2020 In "Metro" The Niger State government on Wednesday April 15, ordered a trailer filled with over fifty people, to return to Lagos State, where it was reportedly coming from. The Niger state Task Force Team for COVID-19 intercepted the trailer at Gbaganu junction Bida road Minna coming from Lagos with people going… April 16, 2020 In "News" There was gridlock on major roads in Ilorin, Kwara capital, on Monday, in spite of the lockdown across some states of the federation following coronavirus pandemic. News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Correspondent, who monitored the level of compliance to the Kwara Government’s stay at home order, reports that there was… April 6, 2020 In "News"