NAIROBI (Reuters) – Kenya’s East African Breweries Limited (EABL) has said its profit after tax for the year ending June is likely to decline by 25% compared to the previous period, hurt by the coronavirus pandemic. “The COVID-19 global pandemic and the subsequent response measures taken across the region have impacted our business negatively,” the company said in a statement published on Saturday. It added that its “current performance forecast indicates a decline in profit after tax of approximately 25% for the financial year ending 30th June 2020 versus prior year”. EABL, which is controlled by British drinks group Diageo, is the biggest alcoholic beverages company in Kenya. Its competitors include Heineken and smaller, home-grown companies such as Keroche Breweries. The company reported 11.52 billion shillings ($107.66 million) in profit after tax for the year ended June 2019. EABL also operates in neighbouring Uganda and Tanzania. British firms have justified their investments in Kenya by raking in mega earnings in the year ending 2013, with investors holding significant stakes in Nairobi Securities Exchange (NSE) -listed companies earning a total of Sh19.2 billion ($222 million) in dividends and fees. Vodafone, Diageo, BAT, Barclays and Standard Chartered lead… April 5, 2014 In "Foreign" Nigeria’s GZ Industries (GZI) Limited moved closer to building a multi-million dollar factory for the production of aluminium cans in Kajiado by publishing its environmental assessment report. Kajiado, a town in Kajiado County, 80 kilometres south of Nairobi, Kenya’s capital city will be home to the factory whose construction the… May 10, 2014 In "Business" By Duncan Miriri NAIROBI   - Kenya, whose budget deficit this fiscal year unnerved investors, is recruiting new taxpayers and investing in technology to boost collections, the head of its tax agency said on Tuesday. In a bid to reassure investors, East Africa's biggest economy aims to cut the deficit… April 19, 2016 In "Business"