Colombo  –  A special presidential task force appointed in Sri Lanka to overlook all COVID-19 related matters has proposed to President Gotabaya Rajapaksa to re-open the country’s international airport for foreign tourists from Aug. 1. In a statement from the President’s Media Division, the task force said that no COVID-19 patients had been detected from the community after April 30 and the country could consider opening up for foreign tourists as life was gradually returning to normalcy. However, the task force said all measures would be based on international and local health guidelines. President Rajapaksa said there was a possibility for Sri Lanka to be at the forefront of tourism revival, provided a well-planned strategy is in place. Future steps should be taken under the guidance of tourism and health professionals on a priority basis. Under the first phase, it was decided to open hotels and restaurants registered under the Tourism Development Authority for in house dining. Based on its progress, steps will be taken to gradually open unregistered eateries under the assistance and supervision of the Army and Public Health Officers, the statement said. The president further advised relevant officials to set up Tourists Police units, comprising those who are fluent in foreign languages giving priority to popular tourist destinations. Sri Lanka shut its international airports in March for all passenger arrivals to prevent a further spread of the COVID-19 but continued with passenger departures. Sri Lanka has so far recorded over 1,300 positive cases of the virus with 10 deaths. (Xinhua/NAN) Colombo - Sri Lanka said on Tuesday that it would ban all incoming flights for two weeks from 1830 GMT on Wednesday to combat the spread of the coronavirus. Flights already in the air will be allowed to land and passengers to disembark, said Mohan Samaranayake, a spokesman for President… March 17, 2020 In "Foreign" Colombo - Sri Lanka’s Tourism Ministry on Thursday said that it had kept its new visa-on-arrival programme on hold due to the security situation in the country. The visa-on-arrival regime was expected to be implemented from May 1 for tourists from more than 30 countries. However, following the string of… April 25, 2019 In "Foreign" Colombo - Local media on Tuesday reported that Sri Lanka’s government pledged to address major challenges in the country to attract foreign direct investments. Prasanna Ranatunga, the newly appointed Minister of Industrial Export, Investment Promotion, Tourism and Civil Aviation disclosed this while briefing Journalists on commencement of duty. Ranatunga said… November 26, 2019 In "Foreign"