By Sam Oditah  Umuahia  – A 50-year-old man, identified as Chukwudi Maduka has allegedly committed suicide at Umuezu-Ore Umuana village in the Uhuahia North Local Government Area of Abia. The Public Relations Officer of the Abia State Police Command, SP. Geoffrey Ogbonna, confirmed the development in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Umuahia on Tuesday. Ogbonna said that Maduka was found dead early on Monday in his one-room apartment. The spokesman said the man did not leave suicide note, adding that the command had commenced investigation into the incident “to possibly unravel the reason for the suicide”. Narrating the development, a resident of the area, Mr Dave Maduakor, said that Maduka set his apartment on fire before hanging himself, using the ceiling fan in the room.Maduakor said that neighbours sensed danger when they noticed smoke coming out from the room of the deceased. “When they tried to open the door, they noticed that it was locked from inside so they forced it open and found Maduka’s body hanging on the fan,” Maduakor said, quoting the deceased’s landlord, Mr John Chikezie. He said that the deceased was reported to have travelled to his village in Lokpanta in the Umunneochi Local Government Area of Abia and returned to Umuana community on Friday. “The landlord said that when he wanted to speak with the man, who locked himself up in his room on Saturday, he told him that he was praying.” Maduakor said that the incident was later reported to the Ehimiri Police Station, where some operatives were detailed to the scene. He said that the Chairman of the community, Mr Ngozi Onwumere, together with the landlord, consulted a group, known as “kamanu” that specialised in handling suicide cases. “The group brought down the body of the man, which was later deposited in a mortuary,” Maduakor said. NAN learnt that the deceased worked as a security man at the National Root Crops Research Institute in Umudike, Umuahia. He was also said to be married to a teacher in a charity home at Ahieke community in Umuahia but later separated with the woman after their childless marriage. (NAN) By Leo Okachie Umuahia - Police in Abia on Thursday arrested two pensioners in Umuahia for allegedly organising a protest in Umuahia against alleged state government’s failure to pay their pension arrears. The arrested persons included Daniel Amugo and Chukwuemeka Augustus, the Chairman and Secretary of a group, called Abia… January 24, 2020 In "News" UMUAHIA - A 27-year-old man, Tobechukwu Ogbonna, on Tuesday night set himself ablaze after reportedly stabbing his mother severally at their family house located at No 12 Bonny St.in Umuahia. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) learned that the incident happened at about 11 p.m. following an argument that ensued… June 3, 2015 In "News" By Ihechinyere Chigemeri-Uwom Umuahia -   Abia Government has established a creative hub to boost tourism, arts and culture sector in order to create a sustainable economy, an official said on Thursday. Mr Obioma Ogbonna, the state Commissioner for Tourism, Arts and Culture, made this known in Umuahia during an… March 22, 2018 In "News"