Pastor Emeka Ohanemere ‘Odumeje’ has found himself on the news once again. This time for throwing another mind-blowing grammatical blunder in a new video release online. The popular man of God has been under scrutiny and recently found himself under attack by Nigerians for his violenf methods of church services, deliverance and healing where he is sometimes seen slamming or throwing his church members on the ground or on empty chairs. In the video which has since gone viral all over social media platforms shows the now popular and controversial Prophet Emeka Odumeje mispronouncing words. In the trending video, Odumeje was flowing with beats & rhythm of one of Phyno’s hit song, so he wanted to interpret each verse to his congregation, as the song was approaching to the end, he tried to let his church members listen attentively and know that his voice was also featured in the Phyno’s track. That was when he said ‘Watch my Voice’ instead of ‘Listen to my voice’ Below is the video : Odumeje be giving us joy Phyno dn join church choir  pic.twitter.com/ucYJqfoYSj Source: iReport Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje is unarguably one of the most talked about spiritual figures in Nigeria. His exotic approach to conducting miracle sessions has been the subject of huge debate that has led many to doubt his genuineness as a true man of God. However, Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje who used to… November 25, 2019 In "Metro" The ever controversial Prophet Chukwuemeka Odumeje is in the news once again, this time around, the Dr cum prophet was seen with machete. In the video he said that he is in a popular town known for traditional practice and jazz Akokwa. Akokwa is a town in Imo State and… February 12, 2020 In "Metro" Prophet Chukwuemeka Ohanaemere is testimony that size cannot obstruct one’s determination to excel in a chosen career. The petit fellow, who has seized minds in Onitsha, can easily be lost in a crowd of three. He is that small. He has put his size to mesmerising acrobatics that hold audiences… October 26, 2019 In "Opinion"