By Kemi Akintokun Lagos  –  The Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR) on Friday said the institution will partner Mobihealth to commence a Teleconsultation COVID-19 home swab test. Prof. Babtunde Salako, the Director General of NIMR made the announcement on his verified Twitter account. Mobihealth is an innovative telemedicine and digital healthcare platform with a mission to, provide everyone on the planet timely access to quality healthcare services from around the world. Salako twitted:” Today, NIMR concludes partnership with Mobihealth to conduct a R&D on Teleconsultation guided COVID19 home swab test. “The dates for commencement of the exercise will be made known to the public soon. “This will be a privately funded initiative with dedicated resources.” The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the institute started a drive through testing of COVID-19 on March 30, in partnership with Lifebank, led by Temie Giwa-Tubosun. NIMR was established in 1977 to conduct research on diseases of public health importance in Nigeria. (NAN) By Kemi Akintokun Lagos - Prof. Tunde Salako, Director-General, Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Yaba, Lagos, has appealed to physicians to critically examine their patients before directing them to undergo COVID-19 test.Salako said on his verified Twitter handle, that patients with upper respiratory tract were being directed to go… April 5, 2020 In "News" By Esenvosa Izah Lagos - The Academic Staff Union of Research Institutions (ASURI) has appealed to the Federal Government to commit at least 20 per cent of all monetary donations it received as Coronavirus donation toward funding health-related research institutes. Its Secretary General, Mr Theophilus Ndubuaku, made the plea in… April 27, 2020 In "News" By Harrison Arubu New York - The United States’ Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the country’s first at-home sample collection for coronavirus testing. FDA’s commissioner, Mr Stephen Hahn, said this during Friday’s news briefing by the White House coronavirus taskforce in Washington. Hahn said people could now collect… April 25, 2020 In "Foreign"