By Chimezie Anaso  Awka  – Anambra Sports Club (ASC) on Sunday in Awka, shared food items to 250 residents of the state with the intention of cushioning the effect of lockdown declared due to Coronavirus pandemic in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the beneficiaries went home with mini bags of rice, tubers of yam and beans. Some officials of the club, including four coaches and a physiotherapist, also got N20, 000 cash empowerment each in addiction to the food items for their committed services to the group. Mr Obi Onyekuba, Coordinator of the club, said that ASC came up with the measure as part of its contribution to cushion the harsh economic effects arising from the COVID-19 lockdown imposed by the government. Onyekuba, who was represented by Mr Charles Ekwunife, a member of the planning committee, said the 250 beneficiaries were selected based on recommendations by members who lived with people across the various communities, irrespective of tribe. He said the distribution of palliatives to indigent in the society was part of the club’s corporate social responsibility and ways of complementing government efforts. According to him, the club was moved by the sufferings of the people and therefore decided to reach out to them. (NAN) By Isaiah Eka Itu (Akwa Ibom) - No fewer than 200 households in Ikot Mbonde Itam, Itu Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom, are to benefit from food items donated by a Netherlands-based group of Nigerians. Presenting the items on Friday on behalf of the group, Akwa Ibom Cross River… May 1, 2020 In "News" By Yinusa Ishola Offa (Kwara) - Few hours to the commencement of Kwara Government’s 14-day total lockdown directive in Offa, residents are rushing to stock their homes with foodstuff and other household goods. A correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) who monitored the situation on Wednesday reports that… April 8, 2020 In "Metro" By Salisu Sani-Idris Abuja - The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has placed a curse on any official diverting palliative materials. The administration also warned the officials handling the distribution of the palliative items to the vulnerable groups across its six area councils or risk severe sanctions. The FCT Minister… April 22, 2020 In "News"