By Nathan Nwakamma  Yenagoa  – Chief Timi Alaibe, former Managing Director, Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), has commiserated with the people and government of Sokoto State over the death of a former governor of the state, Dr Garba Nadama. The late Nadama was a pioneering board member of NDDC for about a decade. Alaibe said that news of the death of Nadama was received with a deep sense of loss. Alaibe expressed his condolences in a letter to the Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal, which was made available to newsmen in Yenagoa. “It is with a deep sense of loss that I received the news of the transition to eternal glory of a senior friend, a colleague, a statesman and former governor of Sokoto state, Dr Nadama, who passed on on Wednesday night after a protracted illness. “There is no doubt that Nadama will be missed not just by the government and people of Sokoto state but also by the generality of Nigerians. “As a former governor of the state, his place in history cannot be erased. “His departure comes at a time when his state and indeed the nation needs his wealth of knowledge as an elder statesman in solving most of our pressing challenges. “The real character of the deceased and his invaluable contributions to the growth and development of Nigeria and Sokoto state is summarised in the quality of upbringing and depth of accomplishment of his children who have exhibited rare courage, intellect and presence in the military, medicine, politics and banking sectors. “Nadama was a member of the First and Second Boards of Directors of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) from Dec. 21, 2000 to April 2009. “He was an active participant in the board’s team that supervised the processes that led to the design of an integrated strategy for the development of the Niger Delta and the eventual production of the Niger Delta Regional Development Master Plan. “I enjoyed a wonderful working relationship with him; always sharing and deploying his wealth of knowledge and experience in strategic decision-making during the period he served. “Surely, his family, comprising his four loving wives, his children and grand children will greatly miss him. Kindly extend my condolences to them and members of the State Executive Council. “We are all affected by the departure of our elder statesman and former governor.” Alaibe state (NAN) Yenagoa  -The All Progressive Congress (APC) on Saturday received 1, 150 new members in Bayelsa ahead of the governorship election in the state slated for December 5, 2015. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that all the new members defected from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Among those that… August 15, 2015 In "News" According to The Nation, the drama in Bayelsa State is not yet over. Barely few hours after he emerged as the new governor of Bayelsa State, Sen. Douye Diri faces another battle, which may threaten his mandate. He has a new date with his arch-rival, Timi Alaibe, who has asked… February 15, 2020 In "Politics" ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - Former managing director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NNDC) and Bayelsa State governorship aspirant, Mr. Timi Alaibe, has denied report that the death of a fellow governorship aspirant, Col Sam Inokoba (rtd) happened in his house in Lagos. Inokoba reportedly died on Wednesday in Lagos,… September 2, 2015 In "News"