ABUJA (Sponsored) – The FIRS had earlier outlined a number of measures put in place  to support Taxpayers in managing their tax obligations during this very challenging time. Recently, the Service had been inundated with requests for an extension of the time for filing reports by Financial Institutions under the Automatic Exchange of Information Common Reporting Standard (AEOI-CRS) Regulations.  The report is due by 31st May, 2020. In recognition of the fact that Financial Institutions are faced with challenges that may result in delays in reporting relevant financial account information, the Service hereby extends the deadline for submission of 2019 financial accounts reports under the CRS to 30th September, 2020. The Service is committed to providing, as a priority, support to all Taxpayers to ease their tax compliance obligations at all times and particularly during the pendency of the Covid-19 restrictions. All Financial Institutions are encouraged to take advantage of this extension to prepare and finalise relevant information as required under the Income Tax (Common Reporting Standard) Regulations 2019 and its related Guidelines for reporting by 30th September, 2020. For further information please contact sanya.gbonjubola@firs.gov.ng Muhammad Nami Executive Chairman ABUJA - Special Release - Further to my statement on Monday 6th April 2020, on the palliative measures put in place to cushion the effects of COVID – 19 on Taxpayers and my assurance to keep you updated with information specific to Taxpayers as it becomes expedient, I wish… April 23, 2020 In "Business" ABUJA (Sponsored Post) - On 31 March 2020, the Management of FIRS had a virtual meeting, following the Federal Government’s lockdown of FCT, Lagos, and Ogun States on 29th March 2020 as one of the measures to contain the spread of Corona Virus, COVID – 19. We discussed specifically the… April 6, 2020 In "Business" On March 29, 2020, the Executive Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), Mr. Muhammad Mamman Nami, clocked 100 days in office at the FIRS. Following multiple media requests to mark the day,  as is the norm globally, Mr. Nami fielded questions from a select panel of media practitioners , in… April 6, 2020 In "Interview"