A teenage girl has died after she was tragically struck from behind by her boyfriend’s jetski while the pair were on a Michigan lake, Sun UK. The teenager identified as Lexi Simon, 17, died after being fatally struck from behind Sunday afternoon when her boyfriend was unable to slow down in time to avoid hitting her jet ski. Lexi had slowed her jet ski while out on Lake Fenton around 2.30pm when the collision occurred, deputies from the Genesee County Sheriff’s Office told Fox 25. She was critically injured and rushed to Genesys hospital with life-threatening injuries but sadly died three hours later on Sunday night. Witnesses told police that the teenager may have slowed down after seeing someone fall off a tube near her and her boyfriend, according to MLive.com. Others at the scene also reported that the boyfriend immediately jumped in the water to try and rescue her, undersheriff Michael Tocarchik said. Police said her boyfriend – also 17 – was unable to slow down in time to avoid hitting her jet ski. Authorities have said they don’t believe alcohol was involved in the accident. Lexi was a Fenton native and student at nearby Lake Fenton High School. Her classmates organized a vigil for her at 9.30pm on Monday and photos showed classmates standing in front of the Sports Park entrance of the lake holding candles and releasing lantern lights. “We hope everyone can come together to cherish the time spent with Lexi,” a post from the high school read on Monday morning. Classmate Christian Parker remembered Lexi for all the “positivity that she carried”. “She was genuinely such a happy person. Like, walking through the hallways I would just see her smiling and laughing with her friends 24/7 and I think that’s something we can all adopt,” he said. Source •Shittu and Peremobowe: Punch Photo ABEOKUTA - A 23-year-old woman, Eniola Shitu, reportedly filmed her female friend being raped by her 31-year-old boyfriend, David Peremobowe, according to Punch Metro. The incident happened at Ikopa-Tuntun, Abiola Way, Abeokuta, Ogun State, last week Wednesday after Eniola had allegedly lured the victim to… August 1, 2019 In "Metro" A father has been arrested after he allegedly shot dead his son because he found out he was gay, police have said. Giovanni Melton, from Henderson, Nevada, was gunned down by his father Wendell Melton after an argument on Thursday afternoon about how he is gay and has a boyfriend,… November 13, 2019 In "Metro" The Ogun State police command has arrested a woman alongside her boyfriend who she filmed raping her female friend at his residence in Ikopa-Tuntun Abiola Way in Abeokuta.  A 23-year-old woman, Eniola Shitu, reportedly filmed her female friend being raped by her 31-year-old boyfriend, David Peremobowe. The incident happened at… August 1, 2019 In "Entertainment"