How could an 800-bed isolation centre, where at least 600 are said to be quarantined and receiving treatment, have nobody within sight during an impromptu visit. That is the question the Kano State Government is battling to answer at the moment in a bid to convince Nigerians that the Sani Abacha centre designated for patients of the COVID-19 patients is not a scam after all. Kano, at a point, presented one of Nigeria’s greatest problematic states, as residents died in their hundreds within a space of two weeks, including traditional rulers, top academics and many other influential citizens, though it was later claimed that many of the deceased did not die of the rampaging virus, which the World Health Organisation (WHO), had designated a global pandemic. It is coming after an unidentified man who visited the centre, showed what looked like an empty hall where he claimed the government touted it was harbouring at least 600 of the expected 800 patients infected by the virus. In the video above, which has gone viral in the social media, the said user, practically put a lie to the claim by the state government in the video he filmed on May 24, sarcastically saying “this Corona na lie lie o”. The facility he showed had little less than some scanty number of beds, while the rest of the large hall, looked quite empty of any other paraphernalia of a hospital, let alone one equipped to tackle the dreaded disease. The Kano State Government, however, explained that the situation was so, because it was changing the design from what was originally planned, adding that there was no cause for alarm. Salihu Yakassai, the Director-General of Media and Communications to Governor Abdullaji Ganduje, who put up a spirited defence, said the the centre was donated by Dangote through CA-COVID19, adding that it has not been activated because they’re changing the design. Yakassai also revealed that there are 8 isolation centres in Kano state. He Tweeted; This was the centre donated by Dangote through CA-COVID19 and it has not been activated bcos they’re changing the design after learning that  GT lagos centre he curtains are carriers of the virus. As such they’re redesigning that of Kano. But we have 8 isolation centres It is Sani Abacha Stadium the state govt proposed that for the isolation centre to Dangote. (Whirlwindnews) By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Wednesday announced that additional eight COVID-19 patients died as another 284 persons tested positive for the novel coronavirus. The centre informed the this brought the total number of infections in Nigeria to 6,677. The NCDC while… May 20, 2020 In "News" Pandemonium broke out at one of the isolation centres located at Kwanar Dawaki,in Kano state,when some COVID-19 patients held health workers hostage for four hours. The former chairman, Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) Kano branch, Professor Aminu Mohammed confirmed the aggrieved patients took two medical doctors and one nurse into captivity.… May 8, 2020 In "News" The Aliko Dangote Foundation (ADF), a philanthropic endeavor of Aliko Dangote, has contracted 54Gene, a molecular diagnostics company specialized in research, and diagnostics, to immediately set up a 400 test/day capacity laboratory in Kano State. 54Gene is accredited by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), and has already set… May 4, 2020 In "News"