The prosecution in the trial of former governorship candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State, Senator Ademola Adelake and for others on examination malpractices charges, withdrew charges against the politician on Thursday. Adeleke was arraigned before a Federal High Court in Abuja in October 2018 along with Sikiru Adeleke (who is said to be the senator’s relative), Alhaji Aregbesola Mufutau (the school principal), Gbadamosi Thomas Ojo (registrar) and Dare Samuel Olutope (teacher). Ademola and Sikiru were accused of fraudulently, through personation, registering as students of Ojo-Aro Community Grammar School, Ojo-Aro, Osun State to enable them sit for the National Examinations Council (NECO) examination of June/July 2017. The other three defendants were accused of aiding the commission of the alleged offence. At the resumed hearing on Thursday, prosecution lawyer, Simon Lough said the state has amended the charge to exclude Adeleke, in view of his continued absence in court. Adeleke has failed to attend court since last year when he was granted permission, by the trial judge, Justice Inyang Ekwo, to travel to the United States on medical grounds. Lawyers to the defendants, led by Alex Izinyon (SAN) did not object to the prosecution’s decision to amend its charge. They however disagreed with the prosecution on the appropriate order to be made; whether Adeleke should be simply discharged, based on the withdrawal of the charge against him, or whether he should be discharged and acquitted. Justice Ekwo has fixed ruing on the issue for Friday (May 29). The other defendants pleaded not guilty when they were re-arraigned on the amended seven-count charge. Justice Ekwo agreed with the defence lawyers that the defendants should continue to enjoy the bail earlier granted them. The Nation By Wandoo Sombo Abuja - The Federal High Court Abuja has adjourned the alleged examination malpractice and certificate forgery suit filed against Sen. Ademola Adeleke until April 2 to enable the prosecution file additional evidence. Justice Inyang Ekwo fixed the date on Wednesday, the Prosecution Counsel, Mr Simon Lough, who had… February 13, 2019 In "News" The Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP) governorship candidate for the Osun Election, Ademola Adeleke, has been arraigned at the Federal High Court in Abuja. Mr Adeleke was arraigned by the police on a four-count charge of alleged examination malpractice alongside four others. He and the other four pleaded not guilty to… October 31, 2018 In "News" The police have filed charges against the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate in the Osun State governorship election, Senator Ademola Adeleke, at the Federal High Court in Abuja. The charges against the senator include examination malpractice, aiding and abetting, impersonation and criminal conspiracy. Principal of Ojo-Aro Community High School, Egbedore… September 19, 2018 In "Top Stories"