By Martha Agas  Jos  –  The governor of Plateau, Simon Lalong has felicitated with the Minister of Transport, Rotimi Amaechi on his 55th birthday. Lalong in a congratulatory message to the Minister through his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham on Wednesday in Jos described Amaechi as an achiever. According to him, the celebrant’s antecedents and achievements call for thanksgiving to God, who has given him the privilege of serving Nigerians and humanity. “I join all your friends, family, associates and well-wishers in rejoicing with you as you mark another year. “No doubt, God has been favourable to you by giving you the privilege to serve your immediate community and the people of Nigeria in various capacities over the years. “You have not failed in discharging your responsibilities with honesty, diligence and passion, thereby changing the lives of ordinary people,” he said. He urged the former governor of Rivers to continue to remain resolute and principled in matters concerning the peace, progress and unity of Nigeria as he had demonstrated over the years. “Right from the time you were Speaker of Rivers State House of Assembly to when you became governor, and now minister, you have left no one in doubt that you are a stickler to excellence, due process and justice. “You have therefore, left indelible footprints behind you, and Nigerians are today witnessing a revolution in the Transport Industry, particularly the Railway sector since you took over. “I pray God to give you the grace to continue to assist Mr. President as he restores the sector to full operations,” he said. Lalong wished him many more years of joy and happiness while urging him to continue giving his best to the growth and sustenance of Nigeria’s democracy. He said Amaechi played critical role in the emergence of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the ruling party in the country. (NAN) By Martha Agas Jos - The Northern Governors’ Forum has felicitated with Gov. Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, as he clocks 60 years. Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau in a statement issued to newsmen in Jos on Sunday, by his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Macham, described… February 16, 2020 In "Politics" By Martha Agas Jos - The Catholic Apostolic Administrator of Jos, Arch Bishop Ignatius Kaigama, has urged Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau, to ensure an all-inclusive governance in order to foster peace in the state. Kaigama made the call on Saturday in Jos, at the award of the Knight of… January 25, 2020 In "News" By Peter Amine Jos - Most Rev Ignatius Kaigama, the Apostolic Administrator of the Catholic Archdiocese of Jos has urged Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau to continue to promote and maintain peace and preserve Plateau unity during his second tenure.Kaigama who is also the Coadjutor of the Abuja Archdiocese, made… April 24, 2019 In "News"