The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed has confirmed political appointment given to some actors and musicians following the set up of a committee of industry stakeholders to advise FG on the best way to mitigate the effects of the Coronavirus pandemic on the creative industry. Mohammed while speaking on Wednesday during a meeting with the Broadcasting Organisation of Nigeria, BON announced the appointed members of the committee, noting that the industry needs a collective and government-supported approach in dealing with the immediate, short and long term solutions to mitigate the effect of the pandemic on the sector. He said that the Government has decided to set up the committee made up of industry stakeholders to look into the best way to mitigate the effect of the pandemic on the industry. The Minister said the committee will be assessing the expected impact of the pandemic on the industry in general. It will advise the Government on how to mitigate job and revenue losses in the sector as well as to create succour for the industry small businesses The committee will also suggest the type of taxation and financing that is best for the industry at this time to encourage growth. They are expected to advise the Government on any other measure or measures that can be undertaken to support the industry. Accordingly, the minister named members of the committee to include; Ali Baba – Comedy, Film, and TV (Chairman); Bolanle Austen Peters – Film and Performing Arts (TerraKulture); Charles Novia – Television and Independent Producer(TeenTV); Segun Arinze- Actor and Producer; Ali Jita – Actor and Musician; Baba Agba – Film Director (BCI Studios); Kene Okwuosa – Cinema and Distribution (Filmhouse); Efe Omoregbe – Record labels and Collective rights management (Hypertek/Now Muzik); Prince Daniel Aboki – Radio and Film (CoolFM/WaZoBia); Chioma Ude – Streaming (Envivo); Olumade Adesemowo – Television and Platform (FreeTV); Dare Art Alade – Livespot Entertainment; Hajia Sa’a Ibrahim – Broadcasting Organizations of Nigeria (BON); Anita Eboigbe – News Agency of Nigeria (Secretary) He added, “We are still expecting the representatives of the Fashion, Publishing, Photography as well as Hospitality and Travel sectors “The Committee has four weeks from today to submit its report.” Source By Sylvester Thompson Abuja - All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), has called on the Federal Government and agriculture stakeholders to help sustain efforts in mitigating effect of coronavirus by boosting food production. Mr Kabir Ibrahim, the National President of AFAN with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday… March 24, 2020 In "News" The Federal Government projects to spend N500 billion in fighting the spread of Coronavirus in the country and ensuring that the economy does not collapse under the weight of the scourge, The Nation reports. It is currently lobbying the leadership of the National Assembly on a proposed executive bill to… April 5, 2020 In "Politics" There are strong indications that the vice president and governors may be in palpable fear following report of self-isolation of the Bauchi State governor, Bala Moham­med, over the coronavirus pandemic. Such fears may have be­come rife following contact between the Bauchi gover­nor and son of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar,… March 24, 2020 In "Politics"