By Muhammad Lawal Birnin Kebbi  –  Kebbi State Government says it has discharged five more COVID-19 patients, bringing the number of patients so far discharged from the Kebbi Medical Center, Kalgo to 16.Malam Yahaya Sarki, Special Adviser to Gov. Abubakar Bagudu on Media, disclosed this in a statement in Birnin Kebbi on Sunday.Sarki said the state’s Commissioner for Health, Alhaji Jaafar Mohammed made the disclosure at a COVID-19 routine briefing in Birnin Kebbi.The commissioner, who was also the Chairman of the State Taskforce Committee on COVID-19, said the discharged patients tested negative twice to the virus.While commending the efforts of health personnel in the state, he also appreciated the state’s Taskforce team and other stakeholders for their resilience towards containing spread of the pandemic in the state.“I must put it on record that the Taskforce, health team and other related officers have been working tirelessly to effectively control the spread of the pandemic,” he said. (NAN) By Muhammad Lawal Birnin Kebbi - Gov. Abubakar Atiku-Bagudu of Kebbi State has approved the payment of operational safety allowances for frontline health workers, working round-the-clock to check coronavirus disease threat in the state. Malam Yahaya Sarki, Special Adviser to the governor, on Media announced this in a statement, made… May 17, 2020 In "Health" •File photo KEBBI - The second case of coronavirus in Kebbi State, who absconded from the hospital, is dead, The Nation reports. Commissioner for Health​, Jaafaru Mohammed, who also is the chairman State Task Force on covid-19, stated this on Saturday while giving situation updates on the emergency. He said:… May 2, 2020 In "News" One of the six confirmed cases of COVID19 in Kaduna state has been discharged from the state Infectious Disease Centre. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr Amina Mohammed Baloni who broke the news today Wednesday April 15th, said that the patient has recovered following treatment at the isolation centre. According… April 15, 2020 In "Health"