By Oluwafunke Ishola  Lagos  – The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, on Thursday announced two more deaths from COVID-19 infection, saying that the number of confirmed cases in the state had increased to 1,324. However, Abayomi, who made the disclosure on his Twitter account, did not provide additional information on the age, sex, nationality and medical history of the dead persons. “Lagos recorded two more #COVID-19 related deaths, bringing total deaths associated to COVID-19 in Lagos to 33.” The commissioner recalled that the state had on May 6, recorded 82 new cases of COVID-19 infections, which brought the number of confirmed cases to 1,324. According to him, about 37 additional patients have fully recovered, while 19 females and 18 males, including an Indian have been discharged. “The total number of COVID- 19 patients discharged in Lagos State is now 358,” he said. The commissioner appealed to Lagos residents to adhere strictly to directives, aimed at preventing further transmission of the virus in the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the state has 915 active cases with two patients evacuated and 16 transferred to Ogun and Ondo States. Data from the Africa Region of the World Health Organisation show that there are 51, 239 confirmed cases of COVID-19 with 2,006 deaths recorded across Africa. (NAN) •Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi (in black suit) Lagos State has recorded one more death from COVID-19. According to the state’s Health Commissioner, Prof Akin Abayomi, the patient died of COVID-19 complications in a private hospital in Lagos. Abayomi revealed this via his verified Twitter handle on… April 11, 2020 In "Top Stories" The Lagos State Government has announced that a 36-year-old man died of coronavirus in the state. The Lagos Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the announcement via his Twitter handle on Sunday. He said that the Nigerian died on Saturday in a private facility. Abayomi confirmed the death as… April 5, 2020 In "News" •Prof Akin Abayomi, Lagos State Commissioner for Health  LAGOS - The Lagos State government has confirmed the death of two more coronavirus (COVID-19) patients at its isolation centres in the state. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Professor Akin Abayomi, announced this on Tuesday while giving an update on… April 21, 2020 In "Health"