Nigerian pop star Davido opened up on why he decided to assist embattled rapper Cynthia Morgan, despite being rude to him in the past. The dancehall rapper was in the news days back after she appeared on an Instagram Live chat, where she revealed that her former record label boss, Jude Okoye was responsible for her hiatus in the music industry after he allegedly ‘took’ everything that belongs to her, including the rights to her name. Her plight appealed to some celebrities who reacted by lending support to ensure she gets her career back on track. One of these celebrities is Davido who offered to help her by featuring her on a new song he’s working. “Tell Cynthia I got an anthem for her ….. I’ll record my verse now” he shared. Davido’s gesture sparked a lot of reactions as while some people were awed by his generousity, others accused him of being a clout chaser. Some were even perturbed as to why he’d helped the songstress given that some years back, she was hostile towards him. The singer has now come out to state the reason why he decided to help out Cynthia Morgan. “Most important thing is that she has spoken and people are willing to help and she can be able to rewrite her steps and have another chance. That’s all that matters”, he wrote on Twitter. Source We reported earlier today that Nigerian Cynthia Morgan made some revelation about why she disappeared from the limelight. The singer became the number one trending topic on Twitter after she disclosed how she went into depression caused by issues she had with the CEO of her former record label 'Northside… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment" A Nigerian Twitter user, Irunnia has lambasted Davido after he offered to help Cynthia Morgan. Davido took the decision after video of Cynthia Morgan in a bad condition went viral. However, a Twitter user is not buying Davido's act. According to the Irunnia, Davido only wants to help Cynthia Morgan… May 25, 2020 In "Entertainment" Peter Okoye of the defunct Psquare music Group has reminded Cynthia Morgan of how she rejected the contract he gave her, after she narrated how she "lost everything" associated with her music career to his elder brother and CEO of Northside Records, Jude Okoye. We reported earlier that Cynthia Morgan… May 24, 2020 In "Entertainment"