by Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) –  Broll Nigeria Property Services, owners and management of Jabi Lake, should be called to order as it has continued to threaten and pressure its tenants over outstanding service charge despite the announced lockdown by the federal government occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite knowledge of the fact that the tenants has no control over present predicament and as such unable to perform their obligations, especially considering that most states have ordered closures of many businesses and facilities, the Jabi Lake Mall owners continue to mount pressure on their tenants to pay up outstanding obligations. Recall that after the index case of coronavirus in Nigeria, the federal government closed down businesses, schools and religious gatherings just to curbing the spread of the novel virus which has ruined the economies of advanced countries and killed over 200,000 persons globally. This calamity called COVID-19 which has befallen the entire human race has attracted sympathy across board such that international bodies and governments grant debt relief, palliatives and other assistance to salvage life. Regrettably, rather than align with this humaneness and sober reflection, Broll Nigeria Properties chose this time to complicate and exterminate life out of her tenants by serving tenants notices of payment of outstanding service charge.. Recall that Broll Nigeria Property Services had on the 1st of April 2020 served its tenants notice of late payment and two percent (2%) interest on lease amount at the wake of coronavirus pandemic shortly after Nigerian government announced a lockdown  to contain the spread of of the virus. The first letter was not only insensitive but dissonant with the then subsisting FG lockdown of Abuja in the face of the potentially devastating COVID-19 pandemic. Regardless of the fact that the lockdown of Abuja declared by the federal government is still in force, Broll Nigeria Property Services has issued another letter, now to all tenants without making distinction from priority business tenants like food and pharmaceutical outlets as ordered by the government This second letter dated 8th May 2020, further exposed Broll’s lack of concern about their clients and how they can possibly pay considering they have been out of business for about 2 months for no fault of theirs. Rather than show more concern and satisfaction to the safety and lives of its tenants, the managing company of Jabi Mall has shown that it places monetary profit above human life. It is in view of these exhibited insensitivity that the Federal Capital Territory Administration and the federal government should step in, by way of force majeure, and call Broll Nigeria Property Services to order and direct it to refrain from further harassment of the tenants until this lockdown is fully lifted and business activities resume fully.  By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) – The Broll Nigeria Property Services, owners of Jabi Lake Mall, Abuja which houses Shoprite, Game and numerous Nigerian shops has served its tenants notice of late payment and two percent (2%) interest on lease amount at a time when Nigerian government announced a… April 5, 2020 In "Top Stories" As Muslims begin Ramadan fasting this week, the Sultan of Sokoto and President-General of Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI), Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar III, has declared that, there will be no Ramadan lecture sessions and congregation prayers in Mosques. The Sultan told Nigerian Muslims that, this year’s Ramadan is one with… April 20, 2020 In "News" •Prof Chukwuma Soludo This piece summarizes my contribution to an African debate. From Johannesburg to Lagos, Cairo to Dakar, Kinshasa to Kigali, Nairobi to Accra, etc the debate on how Africa should respond to the global coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic is raging. At an African regional policy platform, I had expressed… April 24, 2020 In "Opinion"