Owerri  – The Imo Government, has begun tracing of the contacts of a third confirmed case of COVID-19, who recently returned from Kano State.This information is contained in a release signed by the state Commissioner for Health, Dr Damaris Osunkwo and made available to newsmen in Owerri on Monday.Osunkwo said that the patient, 43, from Ehume in Obowo LGA, was receiving treatment alongside the other patients at an isolation centre in the state and were all responding positively to treatment.The commissioner also said that samples from persons considered close to him had already been sent to the laboratory for tests, adding that the ministry was investigating the rumour of other suspected cases.She urged Imo residents not to panic but to keep strict compliance with instructions and regulations for safe living and continue to report all suspected cases.“The third and newly confirmed case is a 43-year old returnee from Kano State, who arrived his home town in Ehume Obowo recently.“Contacts from him have been listed and are being followed up. Also, samples have been taken from people considered highly exposed to him and already sent to the laboratory.“Continue to report all suspected cases and adhere to remain at home order, observe respiratory etiquette and wear your face masks always. Do not panic and desist from spreading false rumours,” she said.She, however, assured residents of government’s commitment to ensure the safety of all.“Government is doing everything possible to ensure the safety of all Imo people,” she said. (NAN) Kaduna - The Kaduna State Ministry of Health said on Wednesday that it had discharged one more patient out of the six persons who tested positive for the coronavirus in the state.The state’s Commissioner for Health, Dr. Amina Mahammed Baloni, who gave the confirmation, said the latest discharge had taken… April 22, 2020 In "Health" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - One of the suspected killers of Pa Fasoranti's daughter has tested positive to COVID-19. Three other positive cases of COVID-19 were today confirmed in Akure, the Ondo State capital by the state governor Rotimi Akeredolu. By this, the number of positive cases of… April 26, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Cecilia Ologunagba Abuja - The Federal Government says there is no new confirmed case from the 14 tests done from contact tracing of first reported Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the country. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said this while briefing newsmen in Abuja on Monday on the outcome… March 2, 2020 In "News"