Residents of Maiduguri, capital of Borno State, have expressed concerns after the whereabouts of former governor of the state, Ali Modu Sheriff, became a subject of debate. SaharaReporters gathered that Sheriff had refused to make himself available for COVID-19 test despite meeting two prominent citizens of the state, who died of the virus recently. A member of the state prevention and response team said the former governor was one of the contacts being traced and linked up with late former governor, Mohammed Goni, and Shehu of Bama, Alhaji Kyari Elkanemi, who both died of the virus. Both Goni and Elkanemi had last week attended the funeral of Sheriff’s late father, Galadima Modu Sheriff, in Maiduguri where social distancing rules were broken by attendees. Also, during the three days of mourning, they were said to have had meetings with Sheriff at his father’s residence and his private residence in GRA Maiduguri. But a source close to the former governor said he had fled to Abuja to avoid health officials especially from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and the state’s COVID-19 prevention and team from taking his sample for test. “We are surprised that someone like him would be afraid to get tested. They called him several times to make himself available for testing but he refused. He deceived them and ran away to Abuja with few of his aides. “This is someone who had different meetings with the late Goni,” the source said. Source: •Modu Sheriff Boko Haram has killed five persons in the convoy of a former governor of Borno State, Senator Ali Modu Sheriff, along the Maiduguri-Damaturu highway. A security source said the terrorists attacked Sheriff’s convoy around Auno, few kilometres to Maiduguri. The source disclosed that Sheriff was travelling to Maiduguri… April 26, 2020 In "News" By Yakubu Uba Maiduguri - The Borno Head of Service, Mr Simon Malgwi, has urged civil servants in the state to stay safe from COVlD-19 pandemic by observing all safety rules and regulations. Malgwi made the call on Friday in a statement in Maiduguri to mark this year’s Workers Day.… May 1, 2020 In "Politics" Reports have emerged indicating that there are  stronger links between Former governor of Borno state, Ali Modu Sheriff, and the Boko Haram sect. This recent revelation further fuels suggestions the ex-governor/business man is a major sponsor of the terrorist sect. Intelligence insights obtained by Premium Times in Maiduguri, Damaturu, and Abuja… September 14, 2014 In "News"