An Osun High Court on Wednesday sentenced two persons to death by hanging for armed robbery and conspiracy. The Presiding Judge, Justice Jide Falola, had ordered that the convicts be hanged due to the magnitude of the offense committed. The convicts are facing a five-count charge bordering on armed robbery, conspiracy and theft preferred against them. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the judgement was delivered at the Ilesa Correctional Center during the Prison visit of the Osun Chief Judge, Justice Adeleke Ojo. Falola had earlier found the convicts guilty of the five-count charges after thorough judicial proceeding and arguments from the counsel. The State Prosecution Counsel, Mr Muyiwa Ogunleye, had told the court that the convicts committed the offense on April 14, 2016 at Oke-Ola area, at about 8p.m. He said the convicts conspired among themselves with others, now at large, to rob Muideen Owonifari, Clement Taiwo and Olubunmi of their property and money. “The convicts who had a list of their targets normally tick the list once their target is taken off from investigation. “They robbed, assaulted and also stole some valuables and huge amount of money belonging to the complainants at gun point,” he said. The prosecution counsel said the offense contravened sections 1 (1)(2)(a) robbery and firearms (Special Provision) Act Cap R 11 laws of Nigeria, 2004. The defense counsel, Mr L. S Bello, had earlier prayed the court to tamper justice with mercy in sentencing the accused.(NAN) By Victor Adeoti Osogbo - Justice Jide Falola of the Osun State High Court in Ikirun on Friday sentenced two men to death by hanging for murder. Falola in his judgment, said the prosecution counsel proved his case against the convicts, Orisakunle Abiodun, 21; and Opadokun Olayinka, 29, beyond reasonable… January 17, 2020 In "Metro" Abuja - Justice Jide Falola of Osun High Court sitting in Ikirun has sentenced two men to death by hanging for murder. Falola, in his judgement on Thursday, said the prosecution counsel proved his case against the convicts – Elijah Oyebode, 25, Yusuf Ajibade, 28, and Jelili Raji, 35 –… April 2, 2020 In "News" An Ikeja High Court, Lagos Thursday sentenced a 45-year-old trader, Morufu Adekoya (aka Six Tiger) was on Thursday sentenced to death by hanging for armed robbery and 15 years imprisonment for raping a 24-year-old student. Justice Raliatu Adebiyi (Mrs) convicted Adekoya on a two count charge of armed robbery and… January 16, 2020 In "Metro"