By Busayo Onijala  Lagos  – British singer and songwriter, Adele Adkins popularly known as Adele, has continued to surprise fans with her weight loss achievements. The ‘Hello’ singer showed off her seven stone loss in a little black dress paired with black heels for an Instagram post to mark her 32nd birthday. The hit-maker took the decision to transform her body and health following her split from husband, Simon Konecki with whom she shares a son. Adele’s weight loss was the result of “a strict diet and fitness routine of cross-training and full-body Pilates,” according to People magazine. L-R: Adele before and after (Photo credit: Getty/Twitter) “Her whole focus during the weight loss journey has really been all about how she can be healthier and how can she treat her body better. “It was never about losing weight. Her weight loss happened because she has cut down drinking and is eating more real food. “But she now loves her physical transformation too. She is more confident, dresses differently and she just seems happier overall.” Her industry friends have continued to express awe over her new look, with model, Chrissy Teigen commenting, “I mean are you kidding me?” However, a fan, @hollyshortall said, “It makes me a bit sad to see people commenting on Adele in a way that makes it seem she wasn’t as beautiful when she was bigger, which she was. “It’s taken me a long time to realise health & happiness are what matters, not size! I love her and I hope she is healthy & happy! In a birthday message from 2019, the singer said, “I’ve changed drastically in the last couple years and I’m still changing and that’s okay.” She is the recipient of nine Brit Awards, an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, fifteen Grammy Awards, eighteen Billboard Music Awards, five American Music Awards, and two Ivor Novello Awards for Songwriter of the Year. (NAN) By Esther David Abuja - Grammy Award winner, Adele Adkins a.k.a Adele, has filed for divorce from her husband, Simon Konecki, according to legal documents filed in the U.S. The documents added that the couple, who announced their separation in April , asked for privacy and there would be no… September 13, 2019 In "Entertainment" Despite details of Adele’s $280 million divorce ruled to be kept secret, reports have revealed why she might be paying a fortune for the divorce to be completed. Adele’s request to keep the details of her £140million divorce private after her split from charity entrepreneur, Simon Konecki has reportedly been… April 6, 2020 In "Entertainment" NEW YORK  – Advertisements for weight-loss programmes usually show cheery dieters delighted to be shedding their burden of excess pounds, but a new study finds that in the real world, over time, weight loss may be linked with worsening mood. UK researchers following about 2,000 overweight and obese adults over… September 6, 2014 In "Health"