ABUJA – The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has begun an investigation into the reason why an aircraft belonging to a British company was operating commercial flights into the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. The aircraft, a legacy 600 with registration G-PRFX, was impounded by the Federal Government for flouting the country’s ban on airspace amid COVID-19 pandemic. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika during Presidential Task Force briefing on COVID-19 in Abuja, on Monday, said the pilot of the aircraft will be subjected to 14 days of quarantine. He also disclosed that the company operating the aircraft is based in Westminister in the United Kingdom. The Minister had earlier announced on Sunday that the company, Flair Aviation, was given the approval to conduct humanitarian flights but was caught operating commercial flights. Sirika, who made the announcement via his official Twitter handle said that in addition to the confiscation, a “maximum penalty” would be imposed on the company. The NCAA has, consequently, stressed that the country’s airports remain under lockdown to commercial flight operations as part of measures to curb the spread of COVID-19. (Channels TV) By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The Federal Government has impounded an aircraft owned by a British company for operating commercial flights into Nigeria without approval.Aviation minister, Hadi Sirika, made this known on Sunday via his Twitter handle, @hadisirika.He said the company, Flair Aviation, was authorised to conduct humanitarian flights… May 17, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Babajide Okeowo BBC Editor: Can’t Find An Airline Called  Flair Aviation in the UK… ABUJA - There is a growing controversy over the actual country of domicile of Fair Aviation, operators of Fair Aircraft, the alleged United Kingdom(UK) airline that reportedly breached Nigeria’s operational flight protocols on Sunday. A search… May 18, 2020 In "News" Abuja - Mr Joe Madu, one of the passengers who boarded the Turkish Aircraft that delayed in delivering the luggage of its Abuja-bound passengers, has called on the Federal Government to sanction the Airline. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that aggrieved passengers of the airline on Dec. 24… December 31, 2015 In "News"