By Chibuike Nwabuko ABUJA (SundiataPost) – The Federal Government has impounded an aircraft owned by a British company for operating commercial flights into Nigeria without approval.Aviation minister, Hadi Sirika, made this known on Sunday via his Twitter handle, @hadisirika.He said the company, Flair Aviation, was authorised to conduct humanitarian flights but was caught operating commercial flights.Sirika explained that in addition to the confiscated aircraft, a “penalty” would be imposed on the company for the contravention of FG’s ban on commercial flights as part of measures to curb the spread of coronavirus.“COVID-19. Flair Aviation, a UK company, was given approval for humanitarian operations but regrettably, we caught them conducting commercial flights. This is callous! The craft is impounded, the crew being interrogated. There shall be maximum penalty. Wrong time to try our resolve,” the minister tweeted.Recall that as a way of containing the spread of COVID-19 in the Nigeria, the country’s airports and airspace were shut in March by President Muhammadu Buhari.With the announcement, commercial flight operations, both local and international, had stopped forthwith.Although general flights had since stopped, the President’s directive allowed essential flights including those for medical and evacuation purposes, amongst others, which are subject to the authorisation of the Federal Ministry of Aviation and agencies under it.On May 6, the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, announced that the closure of the country’s airports and airspace were further extended by four weeks after due consultations with experts. By Adekunle Williams and Solomon Asowata   Lagos   -    The Managing Director of Air Peace, Mr Allen Onyema, on Thursday said Nigerian airlines were opposed to implementation of the Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM) because of the absence of a level playing field. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… February 15, 2018 In "News" Ikeja- Medview Airlines is to commence commercial flights operations on the Lagos-London from November this year. The Managing Director of the airline, Alhaji Muneer Bankole, made the announcement while speaking with aviation correspondents in Lagos on Tuesday. He disclosed that the airline had secured approval from the British authorities to… August 5, 2015 In "News" •A woman walks outside the reopened Rood-Wooko city central market, amid the spread of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 20, 2020. REUTERS/Anne Mimault LIEGE, Belgium (Reuters) - The U.N. World Food Programme on Thursday sent a first plane loaded with medical supplies for developing nations especially… May 1, 2020 In "Foreign"