Four members of staff of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) have tested positive for the coronavirus pandemic. THISDAY gathered that the four members of staff are of Grade Level 6, 7 and 8 and have been moved to isolation centre. A reliable source told THISDAY that the affectestaff are living in one of the safe houses of the anti-graft agencies in Mabushi. EFCC safe houses are those property seized by the agency from alleged corrupt public officials. The source said: “Some of our staff already have Covid-19. Four of our staff living around Mabushi, in one of the safe houses tested positive for Covid-19. They have been moved to isolation centre.” Meanwhile, all the staff of the agency have been directed by the management to come to work five times a week, as against the directive of the federal government. The federal government had directed that only officers on Grade Level 14 and above should resume work as part of plans to ease the previously imposed lockdown. “I am supposed to be going to work as a senior staff. The junior staff are not supposed to come to work. But everybody has been directed to come. EFCC is flouting the directive of the federal government,” the source added. (THISDAY) ABUJA - Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari has tested positive to coronavirus, ThisDay reports. It also said President Muhammadu Buhari has tested negative for the COVID-19 virus (Coronavirus), following a test for the disease that was carried out yesterday on the president by the Nigeria… March 24, 2020 In "News" By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa has confirmed the index case of Covid -19 in the state, saying it is not a death sentence. The governor in a radio and television broadcast in Asaba, warned that coronavirus pandemic was real, adding that the stay at home order was… April 8, 2020 In "News" The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, yesterday, exhibited its clout for upsetting human activities at the top echelons of the Nigerian government. Shortly after reports that Chief of Staff Abba Kyari tested positive to the virus, the Presidential Villa in Abuja was no longer the same. It retained all the trappings of… March 25, 2020 In "Politics"