LAGOS – The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), on Wednesday, announced that it will reduce the salary of its staff from May 2020. According to an internal memo to all staff by the General Manager, Administration, FAAN, M.D. Musa, the reduction was due to the drop in revenue caused by the Coronavirus pandemic. “This is to notify all staff that, due to the dwindling revenue generation amidst COVID-19 pandemic, management may not be able to pay full salary to staff from May 2020. “However, as soon as the revenue situation improves, the balance will be paid,” the notice read. Kicking against the decision, the Air Transport Service Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (ATSSSAN) has called on the management of the authority to re-think its position. Speaking through its general secretary and deputy general secretary, Comrade Abdul Rasaq Saidu and Comrade Frances Akinjole, respectively, in Lagos on Wednesday, the union did not mince words. “We are, indeed, amazed and disturbed by management’s unilateral decision despite our agreement of inviting the union leaders before any decision could be taken. “If such affront could be willfully meted out to a component of the staff conditions of service without the knowledge of the national union, which is a party to the agreement, it portends to a possibility of waking up one day to find the COS document clandestinely reviewed. “If within 24 hours an urgent meeting with the union is not called, we cannot guarantee industrial harmony and the consequences which may arise shall be put onto your doorsteps,” they said via a statement. “The reduction in salary is not fair to us, as staff resume every day. “Safety protocol put in place at the airport is not adequate, as management doesn’t provide staff with face mask, and hand sanitizers are not at all terminals and units. “Also, some of their staff were exposed to a known COVID-19 case and were not tested and not allowed to be isolated as they were ordered to keep coming to work. “Cargo flight, chartered flight and evacuation flights are operating and they are still collecting fares at the toll Gates,” a staff said in protest of the salary reduction. Another staff said it was still early for FAAN to reduce salary, due to the income being generated. “FAAN is a Grade A parastatal but staff are not being paid in line with the salary scale of Grade A parastatals. “We are not being paid with Grade A salary scale but our staff are being considered so and, now are salary has been slashed,” more staff complained. (QuicknewsAfrica) By Kingsley Okoye Abuja - Leadership of the National Assembly on Wednesday met with some ministers and heads of agencies of Federal Government to brainstorm on impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Nigerian economy. Ezrel Tabiowo, Special Assistant, Press to President of Senate, Ahmad Lawan in a statement, indicated that the… March 25, 2020 In "News" Lagos - Air travellers in Nigeria are lamenting the high cost of using some facilities at the nation’s airports, describing payment for using facilities like trolleys as clear exploitation. In a nationwide survey conducted by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), the travellers queried the high cost of some facilities… February 15, 2016 In "News" By Chibuike Nwabuko Abuja (Sundiata Post) - The leadership of the National Assembly, despite the shutdown of both the Assembly Complex and the FCT has been relentless in its various interventions in order to ensure the welfare of not just the staff of the National Assembly, but Nigerians in general.… April 26, 2020 In "News"