The Osun State government on Monday confirmed that a medical doctor, who came into the state from Lagos, has tested positive for COVID-19. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr Rafiu Isamotu, said in a statement that the new case was confirmed by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Isamotu said the patient was a Lagos-based medical doctor who came into Osun on Saturday to join his family. The commissioner said the doctor suspected that he had been infected with the virus so, as soon as he arrived in the state, he checked into the state’s Isolation and Treatment Centre at Asubiaro in Osogbo. Isamotu said the patient’s sample was taken and sent for testing at the NCDC accredited testing centre in Ede. He said: “The state yesterday (Sunday) recorded another case of the COVID-19. He is a medical doctor based in Lagos who came into the state on Saturday to be with his family and suspected he was having the virus on arrival and checked into our Isolation Centre at Asubiaro rather than going home.” “His sample was collected and sent for testing. His result came out on Sunday and turned positive. “We are glad that he did not have contact with anyone but took the initiative to check himself into our isolation centre immediately he arrived in Osun. That way, the virus was contained.” According to Isamotu, the new case brings to four the number of active cases in the state as at today, May 11, 2020. Source The Osun State government has confirmed the newly recorded COVID-19 case in the state is a medical doctor. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), on Sunday, announced new case of COVID-19 in Nigeria, and Osun State recorded one. A statement on Monday by the Chief Press Secretary to the… May 11, 2020 In "News" By Olajide Idowu Osogbo - The Osun government on Wednesday appealed to the Federal Government to come to its aid in containing the spread of COVID-19 in the state as confirmed cases rose to 14 from the initial two. Mr Ismail Omipidan, the Chief Press Secretary to Gov. Gboyega Oyetola,… April 1, 2020 In "News" Some private hospitals, which shut down operations after some of their staff members became exposed to coronavirus patients, have given details of how carriers of the deadly virus came to their facilities. Findings by SUNDAY PUNCH revealed that the affected hospitals had suspended operations to decontaminate their facilities and adhere… April 26, 2020 In "Health"