As evidences suggest that coronavirus can be spread through the semen of recovered patients, experts are now warning them to avoid sex for 30 days or risk spreading the virus. Researchers from Shangqiu Municipal Hospital took semen samples from 38 male coronavirus patients in China’s Henan province, and after careful analysis found out that 16% of the men had traces of the virus in their semen. Aside from semen, coronavirus can also be found in respiratory particles, which means kissing could also be off the cards. According to a report by The Mirror, Veerawat Manosutthi, a senior medical expert at the Thai Disease Control Department, advised that patients who have overcome COVID-19 should avoid getting intimate for 30 days, he even went ahead to warn them against kissing. He said; “Those who believe themselves to be free of the virus should use condoms when having sex. Kissing should also be avoided as it is also known that it can spread through the mouth”. Another doctor, Dr. Simran Deo, a UK-based doctor at Zava UK, also said: ”Conditions like coronavirus are spread through water or mucus droplets from the nose and mouth containing the virus. So things, like kissing, shaking hands, sharing food, and drink with someone, put people at an increased risk of passing on the infection.” Source The new coronavirus can persist in men’s semen even after they have begun to recover, a finding that raises the possibility the virus could be sexually transmitted, Chinese researchers said Thursday. A team at Shangqiu Municipal Hospital tested 38 male patients treated there at the height of the pandemic in… May 14, 2020 In "News" •Photo symbol of the coronavirus crisis. Diagnosis. COVID-19, SARS-CoV-2 on March 10, 2020 in Berlin, Germany. Health authorities around the world are concerned about the novel coronavirus. More and more countries are reporting diseases and new infections. (Photo by Thomas Imo/Photothek via Getty Images) ABUJA (Sundiata Post) - The novel… May 10, 2020 In "Health" There could be as many as 30 different strains of coronavirus, a study of patients in China has claimed. Zhejiang University scientists studied a small number of patients with the disease and uncovered tens of mutations - 19 of which had never been seen before. Some mutations boosted the virus'… April 21, 2020 In "Foreign"