Singapore  –   Oil prices edged lower on Friday after the U.S. inventory data showed lacklustre fuel demand in the world’s largest oil consumer while worsening U.S.-China tensions weighed on global financial markets. Brent crude slipped 25 cents, or 0.7 per cent, to $35.04 a barrel by 0334 GMT and the U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude was at $33.18 a barrel, down 53 cents, or 1.6 per cent. Still, both contracts are set for a fifth weekly gain, helped by production cuts and optimism about demand recovery in other countries. “The rally needs a breather. “It has been four weeks of gains and the market needs to buy time for downstream prices to catch up,’’ OCBC economist, Howie Lee, said. “Beyond the short term, the bullish momentum still looks rather intact.’’ Thursday’s data from the Energy Information Administration showed that the U.S. crude oil and distillate inventories rose sharply last week. Fuel demand remained slack even as various states lifted travel restrictions they had imposed to curb the coronavirus pandemic, analysts said. “Memorial Day weekend did not bring the U.S. motorists out in droves like many market bulls were hoping,’’ RBC Capital Markets analyst, Christopher Louney, said in a note. Looking ahead, traders will be focusing on the outcome of talks on output cuts between members of OPEC+, the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and allies including Russia, in the second week of June. Saudi Arabia and some OPEC members are considering extending record production cuts of 9.7 million barrels per day beyond June, but have yet to win support from Russia. (Reuters/NAN) Singapore - Oil prices declined on Thursday on lingering concerns that slowing global economic growth may limit fuel demand and after a surprise build in U.S. crude inventories. International Brent crude oil futures LCOc1 were at $60.90 a barrel at 0745 GMT, down 24 cents, or 0.4 per cent, from… January 24, 2019 In "Business" Tokyo   -    Oil prices dipped on Friday, with U.S. crude heading for a seventh weekly decline amid increasing concerns about slowing global economic growth that could hit demand for petroleum products as inventories build. Brent is heading for a two per cent decline this week, a third consecutive weekly drop.… August 17, 2018 In "Business" Tokyo - Oil prices advanced on Thursday as a drawdown of the U.S. crude inventories and output cuts by major producers helped ease concerns about a supply glut, though lingering fears over the global economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic capped gains. Brent crude futures for July delivery were trading… May 21, 2020 In "Foreign"