A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737’s engine damage is visible after it struck and killed a man walking on the runway of Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in Texas Thursday night (Pictures: CBS/EPA(file)) A man has been struck and killed by a Boeing 737 after he walked along an airport runway. The unidentified victim – believed to be a trespasser – died after being hit by the Southwest plane as it landed at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport in Texas on Thursday evening. CBS News reported that the plane’s pilot saw the man before hitting him, and tried to maneuver the jet out of the way, but was unable to do so. An airport driver found the man’s remains on the runway shortly afterwards. Medical help was summoned, but he was pronounced dead at the scene. A photo of the plane involved shows a huge dent on its cowling (engine housing) believed to have been caused by the moment of impact. The runway where the man was struck was closed for further investigation, with Austin-Bergstrom’s second runway remaining open. No-one on the affected plane, which had come from Dallas, was injured, with all on board disembarking shortly afterwards. The man killed did not have any identification on him, and was not wearing an airport uniform. Police are continuing to investigate who he is, how he got onto the runway, and what he was doing there. A Southwest spokesman told Fox7: ‘Southwest is fully cooperating with local law enforcement and FAA as those agencies investigate the event. We sincerely thank our Crew for their professionalism and swift response.’ Source: Metro UK By Ifeanyi Olannye Asaba - Mr Austin Ayemidejo, the Asaba Airport Project Manager, has said that Asaba Airport was ready for business and have been positioned to boost the economy of Delta. Ayemidejo told newsmen on Wednesday in Asaba after an Egyptair Boeing 737-800 billed to fly the Pharaohs of… March 27, 2019 In "News" •Rescue workers at the site of the crashed Ukrainian Airlines aircraft in Iran All 176 passengers died when a Ukrainian plane Boeing 737 crashed in southern Tehran Wednesday morning after its engine caught fire. A passenger plane crashed near the Imam Khomeini International Airport southern Tehran minutes after takeoff when… January 8, 2020 In "Top Stories" ADDIS ABABA/SINGAPORE - Singapore and Australia became the latest nations to suspend Boeing 737 MAX aircraft on Tuesday, while identification of the Ethiopian Airlines crash’s 157 victims dragged and black box recorders were yet to yield the cause. An Aerolineas Argentinas Boeing 737 MAX 8 is seen on the tarmac… March 12, 2019 In "Foreign"