A family in Virginia, USA, has earned praise by returning a princely sum of nearly $1 million in cash which they found in the middle of the road. The unusual cash discovery took place last weekend when the Schantz family was just trying to get out of the coronavirus blues by taking a long drive. A car in front of the Schantz family had swerved out of the way of what appeared to be a big bag of trash, Maj. Scott Moser of the Caroline County Sheriff’s Department told CNN. The Schantz family, however, didn’t have time to do the same. “So they ran over the bag. Instead of leaving the trash in the road, they stopped, picked it up, threw it in the back of the truck,” Moser said. They saw another bag in the ditch nearby and picked that one up too. After they arrived home later that evening, they were going to throw away the trash from both bags. “When they did, it appeared to be mail. Then, they went on further investigation and it appeared to be cash money,” Moser said. The Schantz family went to church with one of the county’s sheriffs. He told the family to call the office. “We went out there and determined it was, in fact, cash. It was in two bags and the total was close to $1 million,” Moser said. Within the two larger bags were smaller ones, each containing some information on where the money should have been deposited. “Inside of the bag, there were plastic baggies and they were addressed with something that said ‘cash vault’,” Emily Schantz told CNN affiliate WTVR. The Sheriff’s department conducted its own investigation before turning it over the United States Postal Service, which is now looking into the matter. “Who it actually belonged to, where it was going,” Moser said. “We haven’t released any of that.” The USPS is now working to get the money back to its rightful owner. “It’s really a credit to just the character and fiber of the family,” Moser said. “I’m sure it’d be difficult to make that decision. It’s almost $1 million in cash. But they did the right thing.” •News Express & adapted from a CNN report. A United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) licensed Flight Dispatcher and Ground Instrument, Mrs Victoria Jumoke Adegbe has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to review the continued shutting down of airports and other economic activities as a way of curbing the spread of COVID – 19. The Aviation Consultant and… March 31, 2020 In "News" Edo - A landlady of a church building has taken an extreme measure to evict her tenant at Igbinoba street, off Akugbe road, Benin, Edo State. Local reports show that the lady had told the tenant, who is a pastor, to vacate her building after his rent expired in October.However,… December 5, 2019 In "Metro" Abuja (Sundiata Post) – Family of erstwhile Chief of Defence Staff, Air Vice Marshal, Alex Badeh has debunked the confession of the suspects, describing it as a cooked up story aimed at deceiving the public and hiding the killers and their intentions. Recall that the paraded suspect who is in… December 28, 2018 In "Top Stories"