A polyandrous Zimbabwean woman, Jack Chako, has given details on how her relationship with her two husbands has progressed, and how she enjoys sexual intimacy with them. ZimPapers reports that the 30-year-old woman claims that her life is a bed of roses. On how she gets maximum sexual satisfaction ‘as claimed’ from her husbands – Michael Hwita and Lifford Chimoto, Chako said, “We are a happy family, I live with my two husbands and we love one another. “My two husbands are best friends and they are always together. “Chimoto is the elder husband, while Hwita is the junior. “I married the second Hwita because Chimoto is elderly and increasingly becoming weak in bed. “They both have different roles and I love them both. “They have different strengths. Chimoto fetches a lot of firewood and cleans up the house well but he is weak in bed and weak when it comes to fending for the family. “The reason why I married a second husband is that Chimoto was starving me sexually. “Hwita is also technically minded. He repairs a lot of broken goods, including cell phones and cobbles shoes too, making him bring some cash home. His biggest strength is he is excellent and strong in bed. “To be honest, in terms of conjugal rights I favour Hwita. He gets me there. “I only do it with Chimoto as a token. At times, I feel pity for Chimoto and give him token conjugal rights and he appreciates that. “The rule is no one gets out of the room, because he is not on duty. Whoever is not on duty, just watches us at it. “I am in charge and my two husbands are now used to sleeping side by side in one bed; because they don’t mind and they both appreciate each other for the different roles each play to the family,” the mother of five, three children from a previous marriage and two from this polyandrous affair stated. Speaking further, she said, “I used some concoction to pacify my husbands. It is not a secret that I used a concoction to cow them down. I also sell this concoction to other women to cow down their errand husbands and make them compliant. “None of my two husbands wishes to leave me. Initially I only had Chimoto but I ran away from him and went to my parents’ home because he was not satisfying me sexually and I was tired of stealing sex from neighbouring boys and men. But he followed and pleaded until my parents ordered me to take him back. “I then gave him a condition that I should get another man to help him in bed and he agreed. This is how I got the second one. Since then, we live happily and enjoy our life, although we know that the generality of people around us do not like it,” Chako explained. The husbands, Hwita and Chimoto, on their parts, said they don’t have problems taking Chako as their joint wife. Chimoto said, “I know my failings and I appreciate the decision which was taken, we have various duties and life goes on.” Hwita said, “I see no problem. She loves both of us and we understand our situation. “I respect Chimoto as the elder husband because I found him here.” (Whirlwindnews) I never vent out my feelings or emotions in front of anyone except my husband. I thought he is one who should be aware of all my emotions and so should I be for him. Only yesterday while scrolling though a video I saw if we have unresolved emotions which… January 10, 2019 In "Social Media Feeds" Felicia Adikwu, a Jukun by tribe, is right now in a dilemma. She is pregnant for her children’s extramural studies teacher, popularly called “lesson teacher” in Nigeria and, she doesn’t know what to do about it. She is full of regret for her ill-advised action that is now threatening to… February 22, 2020 In "Metro" Nightmare has remained the only companion of a 42-year-old man, Gundumi Saya who allegedly lured a married woman, Mrs. Hajara Markus out of her matrimonial home for s*x where she died while the duo were engaged in illicit affair. Gundumi has been remanded in Jos prison by Plateau State High… May 18, 2019 In "News"