Ameenah Gurib-Fakim was just sworn in as the first female president of Mauritius. A TEDGlobal 2014 speaker, she shares the unusual way this happened and what she plans to do while in office. | James Duncan Davidson/TED Mauritius declared total recoveries from coronavirus infections as of May 11, 2020. The island nation’s official COVID-19 page said 322 people had recovered out of the 332 confirmed cases so far. 10 people have since died. May 11 marked the fifteenth consecutive day that no new case was recorded in the country. A lockdown, however, remains in place to contain the possible spread of the virus. Mauritius becomes the second Africa country to have declared virus-free status after infection. Mauritania weeks ago reported full recoveries (6 recoveries and death at the time), another infection was subsequently recorded. As of May 12, 2020, Africa’s sole virus-free nation is Mauritius. Lesotho is the sole African country yet to record a case. Eritrea, Seychelles, and Mauritania each have one active case pending according to tallies by John Hopkins University. Source: AfricaNews The worldwide number of fatalities from the novel coronavirus rose to 63,437 on Saturday, according to a tally compiled by AFP at 1900 GMT from official sources. More than 1,169,210 declared cases have been registered in 190 countries and territories since the epidemic first emerged in China in December. Of… April 5, 2020 In "Top Stories" By Emmanuel Afonne Abuja - A medical expert, Dr Arun Balaganga, has urged Nigerians, especially those that have tested negative for Coronavirus, to continue to take precautionary measures to avoid being infected the second time. Balaganga, the Managing Director of Indian International Healthcare Centre in Abuja, said this on Sunday… April 12, 2020 In "Health" Two children of a deceased COVID-19 patient in Rivers have tested positive for the virus, a report by The Nation has shown. Also, a pastor who was praying for the man's recovery has also contracted the virus and has been isolated, Governor Nyesom Wike has declared. The State has recorded… May 1, 2020 In "News"