By Ariwodola Idowu Ado-Ekiti  – A seven-year-old girl, Olagoke Morire, who was declared missing on Thursday in Ado Ekiti, was found dead inside a co-tenant’s vehicle. The mother of the deceased, Kehinde Ajayi, while narrating her ordeal on Friday, said the deceased was discovered to be missing at about 1:15pm on Thursday after she was said to have gone in search of her missing money. Ajayi said she and the deceased’s twin brother as well as neighbours raised the alarm and a search was launched around the compound. Her body was discovered at about 8pm inside a co-tenant’s vehicle that was parked in the compound. ” When we woke up in the morning I took care of my children as usual. ” They are twins. I gave them money to buy biscuits and left them in the house with my cousin. ” It was after this that I received a distress call from one of my neighbours around 3pm that Morire was missing and that they have searched everywhere but could not find her. ” I quickly left what I was doing and rushed home. We searched everywhere for her, yet we didn’t find her. ” We then reported the incident to Ologede Police Division and we were told to wait for 24 hours before they could take any action. ” It was later around 8pm, same Thursday, that someone discovered her corpse inside a vehicle parked in our compound with her body peeled off,” she said. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer in the state, ASP Abutu Sunday, described the incident as unfortunate. He said there was a report of the missing girl at the police division in Ologede ” All efforts to recover the little girl turned out unsuccessful until 8pm ” She was found lifeless in one of the cars parked within their compound,” he said. Abutu said the corpse of the girl had already been evacuated and deposited at the morgue of Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital in Ado-Ekiti. He said an autopsy would be conducted to unravel the actual cause of death. (NAN) There was pandemonium at Olujoda area of Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State capital on Thursday night when the corpse of a 7-year -old girl, Olagoke Morire, was found dead inside a vehicle owned by a co-tenant. The Nation gathered that Morire and his twin sister, Olagoke Mokore were with their cousin in… May 15, 2020 In "Metro" By Ariwodola Idowu Ado Ekiti - Barely few days after a high chief was murdered in Ikole area of Ekiti State, unknown assailants again stabbed one Mrs Tayo Ajayi to death in her home. Until her death, late Ajayi was a staff of the Primary Health Centre Department of the… April 13, 2020 In "News" A five year old girl, Zainab Muritala is missing. She was discovered missing onJuly 19, 2019, when she didn’t return home at 1b Abikoye street, Amukoko, area of Lagos state, after going to buy biscuit, The Nation reports. Her father, Mr Ramon Muritala told The Nation that Zainab was noticed… August 5, 2019 In "News"